Worthless and scammy This app makes you verify your phone number before you can even look at jobs. You cant even browse jobs, the app forces you to take a survey but its just a scam to get your information. You have to search for a job by a keyword and then put in your real address. This is shady, uninstalled. Do not recommend. Does not credit on Swagbucks.
Too many pop up questions Every time you open a job and go back to search there are pop up questions to answer. This is not a good time to try and sell me to your sponsors. Ask these question after I have finished looking at the jobs or before I start. App freezes every time I start answering the pop up questions. If it wasn't for the pop ups bombarding me I would give 5 stars. Hopefully you will fix c this problem
Really This app used to scam ppl personal info. Beware and stay away from it. This app not even gave me the coins for other game.
Hmm Have browsed it many times, now this required popup of job types is really annoying. Remove back to normal browse ability and 5 star.
After viewing a job posting, once you try to return to the previous page there will be a pop up screen asking different questions. You have no other option besides answering. At that point, the app freezes and you have to reopen it. Uninstalling due to it.
Awful I stopped trying to get to jobs after 30 minutes crashes to many questions that will end up in wasted time and people trying to sell you stuff
App stops working after every job search Asks a question after you return to job search.  They phone freezes up. Wish it worked correctly. Waste of time.
Good app but.. In searching for jobs and suddenly all these random questions pop up that prevent you from continuing your search ...
It gets annoying When pop ads pop up ads shows up and ask you questions that I can't confirm because that question don't go with me or I haven't worked lame app I was going to rate it a five but its a really stupid app don't waste your time believe me because this kinds of apps shouldn't even get not even one single syar
Very Disappointed Aside from providing phone number and Tons of irrelevant personal answers to lots of pop up questions. The app froze and then Never opened again
Pop ups suck This could be an awesome app if the pop ups weren't freezing my search every time.
Accident The app keeps asking me if I got into a Accident and when and ect. But I click no for if Ive gotten into one
Take too long and all apps don't give me credit they need to fix that
No credits Does not give you credit from inboxdollars.
Ads ads ads Makes you sign up for stupid careereducation crap wont let you opt out and if u are like me on a pay s you go cell the million calls offring fly by night degrees is expensive
Freezes phone I really dislike the app. It has a ton of popups and almost everytime there is a popup.
Scam Worthless app.  ABSOLUTELY no value.  It's just targeted advertising.  Don't bother.  I installed it and registered just to get credits on a phone app and didn't even get those..  SCAM SCAM SCAM
awful one should not need to share sooo much info to search jobs no thanks Do Not download, not even worth it at free
Did it for the sims I just installed it for free simeleon on the Sims.....in installing quickly
Won't open  We filled out the form  went back in later and it refuses to open. We are uninstalling it
Holy spam You cant search because every two seconds there is another pop up question. Don't bother.
Annoying Not even 10 minutes into this app. It freezes. It keeps asking for information every time I reopen the app. I understand it's asking questions to build a resume for you. All the separate question windows, I'm done.
It could be better app keeps freezing and there are too many popup windows asking for personal info and nonrelevant questions. it makes it hard to job search on the app. The app seems like it would be good minus all the added questioning. Fix that and would share this app.
As bad as a virus Used it for 2 weeks. It conatantly pops up with surveys and majority of the time crashed my Samsung Note 3. This shouldn't have been a release version.
Frustrating Random questions continually pop up and there is no way to get them off the screen except answer them. How many times should I have to say I don't want to continue my education
Freeze It freezes the phone over and over, can't even look for jobs.
Not for me I ain't doing this for me I'm helping my feonce find a job and he has tried but no luck but as me and him saw there ain't no good jobs WTF Leland and Wilmington n.c. need to have better jobs to offer seriously
Wont give credits for installing for the sims
Sucks It doesn't let you do anything  and froze your phone
