Whats the use Useless app. Doesnt have any valid info, golden tickets does not get registered so in the case of a lost ticket bye bye moola. Tickets can only be checked at stations seen people stuck at bus stations numorous times. NOT USER FRIENDLY
Balance check feature It would be really helpful if a balance check option was installed. It's annoying to always check my balance at the station.
This app looks terrible. Unbelievable from Gautrain no less.
Bus tracking If this is to be believed none of the buses are working
Pathetic app. I deleted it.
Incorrect schedule
Wrong Price Calculations Focus on getting the small things working first.Something as simple as calculating the price is incorrect. I read its stated that the prices my differ. When you count your Rand's and your dependent on the calculations. It then costs more when you use the train it doesn't help at all. You are then stuck at the check out point as you don't have enough funds what an embarrassment ... Otherwise it's OK..
Horrible Slow. Horrible interfaces. Bus tracker is inefficient and slow. Nothing makes sense and it looks like crap. The only good this are the gautrain notifications.
Hate unwanted notifications I MUST be able to remove or disable notifications. Uninstalling for now. Hope you fix it by the next time i need it. I will change my rating then. Thanks for the reply. I still think that an in app setting will be more user friendly so that i can easily switch it on or off as needed.
It's 2015 there's no excuse for such a badly designed app The push notifications pop up in this ugly jarring box which disrupts whatever I was busy with. Have the notification appear in my notifications pane where they appear for EVERY other app. Secondly has no one in the app team heard of material design or hell even 'flat design'. Get your act together guys, we expect better from you.
Horrible app stuck in the 90's Reminds me of Windows ME. No NFC or mobile payment or recharge of cards. Basically just duplicates the info on the website. Bus tracker inaccurate, and thus useless. The shitty website is better.
Bus Tracker Eats Data Using the bus tracker once a day for 5 days and just long enough to see where bus, is results in 270Mb. Please optimise this feature
Really bad app. Especially the buss tracker. It says there's a bus a mile away on a quiet road and you wait 30 minutes.
Bus tracker poor. Tracker doesn't update quickly, if at all. I advise you don't wait at home confidently using this as a guide. The map is also very slow. There had to be a better way...
Bus tracker still doesn't work Maybe it's just Centurion, maybe just on route C3, but the bus tracker always indicates all the buses at the station.
Bus schedule It helps me checking the time of the next train. But it would be better if we could have the bus time too, live
Better than nothing It's useful to have the timetable but the fare information doesn't work. It shouldn't be that difficult
Not very impressed, not at all Guys,  your gps and bus Tracking as well as the so called push notifications are absolutely rubbish. Not accurate at all. Fix it or just do away with the damn app. Not impressed at all. Timing is off and the whole thing is slow
What do the green and red dots mean on the bus tracker What do the green and red dots mean in the bus routes why is there no option telling you what these things mean in the app
At least put the option in to disable the notifications. I hardly use Gautrain, and these are very disruptive. Total bs. That's me, I'm uninstalling this app. On previous similar Posts, AfriGIS replies that one needs to disable notifications in the App Manager. I've done this, but still get the notifications... Delve deep into phone settings for the next hour Or uninstall
Good Needs some material design and still no nfc balance check and no way to disable push notifications
Still so so Poor bus schedule and location prevents me from giving this app a  rate work on it
Gautrain app The times are ALWAYS wrong for the trains leaving from Pretoria station going southbound
