Needs hell a lot of improvement Keeps reconnecting like hell even when the Internet is fine. It does it even on a 30mbps network Crashes randomly. No cards will be displayed and u will get booted out. Lost more coins due to these issues rather than losing the game.
It's a very good game normally but As rohit did face the screen going black problem so did I. And today the cards do not show up at the beginning of the game on a table which was working perfectly fine in the game before. Have list 50k of chips because I had to drop out.
Can't give more than this. Game, graphics everything is beautiful. But u declare in any style, or way, or any.,.... It's never less ur point or never show the sequence or pure sequence. U put or arrange it anywhere, any how. Sorry.
Good one but need some correction. ...when am playing its going black and won't getting back. ...and messenger should delete players using bad words nd making problems...u r irresponsible team.. delete ur  game man
One of the  worst game... Once we start and play the game we don't know when it will hang out.. We cannot play the full game...
Today is bad day...for this game.... when we play..this game suddenly close and screen is in dark mode.. I have loss lots of chips to this problem..pls give me solution. ..
i dont know how can declared Not showing declare button.very bad.
Yar It's to bad ply game its boot out  lose my chips
Screen turns black Suddenly screen turns to black on samsung galaxy s3... please solve this problem
Thevidia pasangala Thevidia pasangala correct show kaamichum declare panna mudiala neenga  team work panni puluthuninga neengalum unga game
High battery consumption When playing battery get down quickly
Wantedly stop between the best game and dissatisfied for this app Getting some problem ln this
Old version was good.  New version is.......  when I starting the game display will getting blank after booted out it'll coming back.  I lost more than 1500000 points.  Don't use this......  game
It is drawing too much battery
It suck while playing game screen go black n blank
Very worst app.always reconnecting otherwise gone black
bad apps 1 star is too good good for this apps
Good
I can't understand how to add one row
Booted out Problem continues
Why this game hanging
Worst
