In my tab 3  5200 It doesnt work at all Please fix it Then i will give u full star
It Says Can not satisfy your application despencies. Fix this then i give 5 star.
Help Ministro cannot satisfy your application dependencies keeps showing up when I'm trying to update the library. How do I fix this problem 
 It wont even let me open it only uninstall it I was really looking forward to root my phone.. If any one knows how to root my phone without computer plz let me know i tried framaroot but thats a no go lol
NO LONGER WORKS  You can't even OPEN the app  Really wanted to root my Kyocera Event that I'm using as a hotspot only with Virgin's 35 unlimited data plan.  FIX PLEASE
Won't even let me go in I was exited about getting root then when I download it I couldn't even open this app fix this and I will rate 5
bad after all things over its showing some errer and ask to download another app which is 85.50 but after downloading also its not working simply waste of money and net pack and time it hatte this
DOESN'T WORK Cant open using Galaxy Note 4
It worked perfectly fine on my old kyocera hydro, now I got a blu studio 7.0 and it doesn't work. When I press to poot it just says the the first su was found and that's it
Hate it I have C4Droid Pro and it require this service for qt libraries. This service download libraries but at the end a error pop up QT not installed
I installed it but it doesn't say open. Please help me and I'll give five stars ...
i cant open . Its useless.. kindly fix it then ill give u 5 star..
Complete rubbish Won't let me open all it says is uninstall
Doesn't work Please fix it
Root r not work and It not work
Help me It sayscannot satisfy your depencies please give me the solution to fix it.
Eww Didnt work on poot. Says invalid qt version
I CAN'T DO IT I downloaded this app for poot i clicked the root button and it says error. FIX THIS NOW
Can't satisfy your needs It wonk let me update library's  Fix this
Wtf It wont let me open poot at all please fix
 won't open It does not open for me
Complaints After format my mobile dkout  not working  
Don't need it Stupid app don't get it waist of time
