Almost useless to me I signed up through my doctorit lists her, shows my condition, but I cannot send her a message, and none of my lab results show up. What is the sense if all it does is tell me what I already know.
Nothing but headache Can t use of it waisting time .
APP IS USELESS Can't login despite changing passwords 4 times and setting up an alternate login with Google.  No logins work.  I quit
Have had this app for quite a while...since the updates it won't let me sign in OR create a new account...NOT happy
So frustrating I can get to the homepage and that's it. Is says Loading, please wait....then freezes or says there was an error. Please fix this
Useless My providers aren't listed and I have no way to add them. None of my results or documents show up. Can't add my personal info. Why bother
This app is totally useless. I'm able to login via a desktop computer but never via my Samsung Galaxy S5. Clearly I know my username and password. However when I try to use the app on my phone I get a message that the username and password are not recognized.
Absolutely doesn't work. Just like many other reviews I have read, I cannot connect to my info. I get an email from my Dr. It tells me I have to log in to see the msg, once I log in there is no msg to be seen. I read somewhere that you have to be on a computer to access many features. Seems pretty pointless to have a mobile app if you can't do anything with it.
Pretty Useless Loads appointments made with doctors in their system, but doesn't show any other data at all.
Useless app Crashes when trying to set up provider connection.
Cannot add connections Had alot of potential but the providers and connections section doesn't work which is the whole purpose of the app.
Impossible to use. Impossible to get the doctors' office to inquire about lab work. SAD on all fronts.
Worst med app Tried to do basic stuff like entering gender, doc, address Should be no brainer. No setting no explanation just waste of time
Crash after update It worked fine till it updated.... Now it's useless.... Please fix...
James This has to be the worst to be installed in phone or computer. Go to the Doctor , he does blood work, gives prescription, but nothing shows up EVER in follow my health app. This app is gone from all my computers and phones. It really sucks. App builders should go back to school.
10 screens I have to go through 10 different screens to get to my records. This is completely ridiculous what a horrible app.
No appointments,  no history, no results.
Cannot add connections even though they are sending me email reminders to add them
Won't link other family members
