NOT WORKING ON LG G3 Crashes every time I try and use it. Works well on my Samsung but not my LG G3. Make sure you try before you buy. Also note that updates stopped 18 months ago.
Completely useless Great idea, but it doesn't work. Tried on two devices. After a reboot every time a widgetpad shortcut is called it gives the error the widget is deprecated, please add it again. Even when this does work widgets cannot be resized. I already replaced swipepad with the superior and more customizable glovebox. Kept this for calling widgets from shortcuts. Sadly it doesn't do a thing. No support from developer.
Sort of useful As others have noted, selecting the widget opens up a new screen with the widget. Totally not useful if you expect to select the widget to use it directly, as I wanted.
Not recommended I bought it to annoy me whenever I want to use it as .... need to check your Internet connection for license
 this has never worked for me on any of my phones, which makes me 
Hmmmm.. Not working Says Unfortunately setting has stopped
No response Regarding the keypad s so am i giving one star here.
Not working in lollipop, need to update page
Crap Do you ever plan on fixing this.
Rest in peace. Any suggested apps similar to this Thanks.
Useless for my purpose without the possiblity to change widget size
The launcher is great...but Got a new phone the app works fine but the widget addon no longer works
Lg Gpad Crashes when trying to add widgets
Support nonexistent Widgets deprecate on all reboots. Needs option for one function widgets to work from pad instead of pulling up in new screen ie tesla flashlight
Disappointing Love Swipepad, but this doesn't let you launch a widget directly. By the time I had figured that out, my 15 minute refund window had expired.
Crashing... Every time i selected poweramp large widget... even reboots my phone. refunding 
disappointing SwipeIt is a great app in general, but WidgetPad is very limited in what it can do.  All it provides is the ability to add shortcuts to the launcher that will then pop up the widget.  What it should do is allow the user to add the widget directly into the pad itself.
