App not working What's going on I get notified that Tarheels won so I get a free coffee and when I try to use it ,it's saying it's already been redeemed wth This app needs to be fixed I've lost 3 free coffee's now thanks to this issue ,I spend a lot of money at DD this is rediculious
Need to fix Doesn't load when you into dd today had to pay cash What's the sense of money on your account if you can't use it. This I has happened alot to me if you can fix it is will change to 5 stars.
Credit card issues I put in my credit card and the app changes the numbers.. this new update has screwed me. Went online to do it and it won't let me do it either... you should fix this before you lose customers
More than upset Just updated the app and I still can't access my 25 on my card. Can't even get the card info so I can try to uninstall and reinstall. It's been over a month Get it right
No option to turn off push notification Why would you not have the option to not be disturbed When I am in a meeting I really don't need to be bothered with your next sales promotion.
Used to love it Can never use my cards through the app., reload money on the cards or even just open them to see what's available.  Always says it's stopped working and closes.  Love the fact of earning points, getting discounts and free coffees just wish it would allow you to open them on the phone as I can't always use a computer to print them out.
QR code does not work... Crashes Cashier is unable to scan the code for screens with high resolutions. The box does not line up with the code causing it to intersect and throw the scanner off.  Cashiers aren't happy to manually enter the long number 1 digit at a time.  Please update for different pixel densitys. Updated to marshmallow and now it crashes all the time
Never works I'm not sure what happened to this app, but it never works and I end up having to pay for coffee instead of using my free perks coffee. The only way I can use this app is to uninstall it and then reinstall. It's frustrating.
Bad update So now it works again...but when I tap to pay with my card, it force closes. When are you gonna fix this
The app is still unstable and fails regularly. It has difficulty detecting data connections and then stops working altogether. The app is basically unusable. Can I get a refund on the money I loaded
Barcode does not show up for scanning perks Barcode shows up for payment but not for perks. Eventually the workers give me the perks deal manually but only after trying to get the barcode up on my phone.  I guess I win out because I can use things more than once but it takes me an extra minute that means a lot when I'm already let for work
Does not work App doesn't FC anymore since last update, but it errors out when trying to pay or update balance. Samsung GS3
Never updated Never gives me the perks. Even today Patriots won. I did not get free coffee. This is an example. Also many times says no connectivity when trying to pay. This is all after I updated App. I uninstalled and installed again. Worked great for 2 days  then back to inaccuracies. Very disappointed. Point of getting App is for the perks so what's the point.
Broken App This app is littered with problems. First off I was not able to add a card to the app. Now that I added a card from within a web browser I am experiencing two different problems. The app tells me I have an invalid token. Or the app quits when I tap on the card to pay. Therefore, they have taken my money and I am not able to purchase anything.
Since I updated I can't use the card I have money on anymore. Won't connect even in WiFi. And when I try to pay with my card it I click it and it says unfortunately Dunkin app has stopped. This is ridiculous  I put money on it and can't even use it
New update is faulty I recently updated my DD perks app when I updated my phone. Now I get the error that im not connected to a network, even when I am. I can't use my perks at all with the update. Please fix.
Luv  DDs  but hate this app I'm a loyal follower to your brand and I would appreciate it if you guys get this bug fixed as soon as possible. I've been using Dunkin Donuts app for quite a while and recently it started messing up. I've been losing my world coupons and would really appreciate it if I could get them back or just get this app fixed as soon as possible have a good Day Guys and also I think if you guys drink some coffee you know your brains might little just a little little bit better
IT ISN'T WORKING I don't know what it takes for a girl to get perks off her dunkin app but it will NOTTT WORK Im honestly ready to delete this USELESS app.
App crashes at the worst times The app does give you perks like a free drink on your birthday which is very cool. But after they've taken your money, the app crashes when you try to pay with it so I have to keep paying with cash or credit. This is ridiculous
Offers are invalid or redeemed. Most mornings an offer pops up for a .99 dark roast coffee hot or iced. But when I try and redeem it, it says the offer has been used or is invalid. Wth
Refresh and connection issues Refreshing and obtaining account balances is delayed often to the point that the balance is as much as a day old.  The Connection is an issue as the app will say there is none even though I am able to chat to ask wife for her order.
I go to McDonald's now Update still using Samsung Galaxy S5, the new update allows the app to open but I cannot pay, it just stops working.  Poor customer service.
App crashes when I try to pay. I'm not sure if it's an issue with Android M or my new phone nexus 6p. I've had Android M on my nexus 5 for over a month and haven't experienced any issues with the app. Now it's crashing when I try to pay, even after force stopping and restarting the app.
Doesn't work I tried paying with the app but every time i click on the card to pay the app closes out so i had to pay with my debit. Really annoying
Can't pay App won't connect to server. Can't use money on the card. Did a reinstall and now I can't  login. Forgot password just says invalid email. I would like to use my money. Don't keep your money on this app you can't access it.
Half a star UPDATE I loved, LOVED the app. Then the update happened and it suddenly doesn't work Insecure token No connectivity Every day since the update It's been more than a week and nothing has been done to fix the issue ABLE TO USE MY APP FOR THE FIRST TIME IN OVER A MONTH AND A HALF. PERKS WERE LOST AND POINTS  BECAUSE I STILL NEED MY MORNING CUP WERE NOT ACCRUED. NOT HAPPY.
