Package Sent to the Incorrect Address I used this app after signing up for UPS My Choice that is supposed to give the flexibility of switching address destinations to its users. However, the package was still sent to the wrong address even though the change had been accepted by UPS. I highly don't recommend this app after this experience.
The biggest reason I got this app was becuase I could sign for my packages to be left at my door. Sounds good But it doesn't work The drivers still  dont leave the packages and make me drive to a local UPS station. Worthless.
Can't even log in Really started liking this App when I started using it. But it asked me to log in again to get to my information and has said Login service temporarily not available. Well it's been over a week and still saying same thing. Your a worldwide company UPS. Get it together. Definitely well be a 4 STAR. App if it worked the way it should.
Horrible service. Don't deliver packages on time, don't follow delivery instructions, no way to get someone on the phone. Use another shipping service.
Unreliable and awful Changed delivery of my package to a UPS pick up location, in the end the destination listed inexistent address and of course my package was never delivered. Support was awful as well.
Horrible So my tracking number on the ups receipt had fade out except for the barcode. I go ahead and install this app and see if they have the scanner for it and they do. I scanned it and it put down the receipt number id instead of the tracking number. I thought it would still track but it didnt Whats the point of having the scanner if it is worthless
Cant even log in Says login service unavailable, too bad, try again later. Major corporation based on getting packages to a certain place at a certain time but try our app again later to see your package being delivered today. Like every other bigger corporation app, bit off more than they could chew and the basic services for customers suffer because of it. Fun fun guess Ill use my phones browser.
Needs work eta a month later no comment Everytime I edit an expected delivery with a nick name, it doesn't save, even though I click on the check mark and it says, nick name saved. Also, I don't need to see packages that were delivered a week ago....you should be able to remove them from the list.
Pay More Good app but paying more than what I'm already paying for making their job easier Bwahah Never Good try You're not getting 40yr from me
Appwebsite not very helpful. I've been trying to change the receiving address for a package and it just takes me in circles.  I called customer service a few times and just as unhelpful.
Service The service is soooo bad they mess my package up all the time  shame on them
Note to developers A  sign is a valid character in an email address. Your app thinks an email address with a  sign is invalid. Please research RFC5322, section 3.2.3 and fix your app to accept the full range of standard accepted ASCII characters in email addresses.
This app sucks I know my password. But after 10 minutes of resetting it and changing it the app still won't let me log in. Absolutely useless app.
Handy but tracking updates aren't reliable Tracked a package as it sat in the same place for 6 days. Called in and aparently it had been moving along and was scanned but didn't update. No point in tracking if location scans aren't reported.
