The whole thing isn't working due to new update. I can't watch any streams, chat doesn't work, can't sign in its all broken now.
Would be better if I can sign into my account I sign in with my Facebook account and there is no option at all to do so. So this app is pretty much useless to me. How had this issue not been addressed by now.
Chat doesn't work The stream works fine but the chat just says connecting... but it never connects
Ugh.. It keeps buffering and buffering, I can't watch any streaming at all And my internet is fine. I use a zmax 4G, so please fix
Chat is NOT WORKING Updated chat and now it only says Connecting... Obviously a lot of us are having the same problem but yet we get no response about it. The new chat would be great if it actually worked If you can't get it to work how about you revert back to the previous one until you can.
Rip Chat The chat works about 10 of the time. Logging out then back in doesn't work and i restarted the app many times. Please fix i only use the app for the chat.
Bug C'mom chat does not work for me at all pls fix and your the dankest app ever oo
Chat issue, again. Chat still proceeds to say connecting but doesn't connect 
Rip chat, forever connecting but never connected. 'Till next update, or after that, or maybe after that one, possibly
Bug Every time i hit the back button, the screen orientation is upside down.
New update messed it up Ever since the new update I can't open the app at all. Please fix this.
Chat doesn't work with new update I have to keep uninstalling and reinstall the app because the chat always breaks. It just stays on 'connecting'
I cant even go into a follower since the new update. Pls work it out. Ty
Update sucks Ever since the recent update chat won't load or chat emotes won't work. Wtf did you guys end up doing to it Please fix.
Huge Problem This is a very good app and I have had it run well on other devices, but my Asus ZenFone 2 has a problem with it. When in landscape, hiding the overlay will cause the screen to go black, and makes anything unviewable. A patch to fix this would be appreciated.
You broke chat on Android 4.4.4 with the latest update. Stuck on Connecting... forever.  UPDATE Logging out and back in fixed the chat, but the list of emotes is blank. Restarting the app broke chat again.
