No help customer service I spent real money for up grades on weapons and I can not get it back it seems since my original phone broke and no back. I asked them for help and received no response.
I can't get money now Ok im in region 1 and I never bought the assault rifle because I used my money on my rifle and shotgun so I finished the rifle series and have 975 cash and I was playing shotgun levels but now it is two assault rifle levels I'm stuck because I'm not wasting my money on game money.
Loved it My glue coins were lost since the last update I had nearly 1000 coins. I have to lower my rating until u return my coins
I update the game and it did not help. It still dose the same thing comes up and said unfortunately deer hunter 2014 has force close
AARRGGHH LET ME PLAY THIS GAME FOR ONE MINUIT. I tried to play it but it took one hour to download half way, then it turned off and went back to home screen. Then it came back on and deleted itself. Please fix.
Please Fix this problem ASAP Yet another update hoping that ya'll would have fixed this problem with the GLU Coins but still yet haven't I've been stuck on 0 GLU Coins for the past two updates I once had over a few hundred built up and ya'll have taken them from me that I have worked hard to get I deserve my gold coins back and this issue needs to be fixed.
Messed up since the update It won't download level 15 no matter what WiFi I'm using please fix ....but love the game wanna continue
Updated  is totally  suck When downloading  region  always  kick  out  of  the  game  when  download  haven't  finished. I have to  log in  again  to download  than same thing  happens
Used to like this game I used to love this game. I have been playing it for almost 3 years now. In the Last few months, I have been unable to even play the game because it shuts down and kicks me out when I go to play. I have spent a lot of money on this game and i am upset because now I can't even use the money I spent because the game won't let me play.hope this gets taken care of soon. Also the game has taken all of the M Points away so now we can't even do that
Hate it it sucks need to much signal then they charge you a bunch of money It need to much signal it would be better if it needed less signal to play the game
Game takes my gold i earn. I had over 230 saved up. Opened the game today and had none. Game steels my gold. Over 230 gold gone.
