Ok so Good graphics. That's where it ends. Glad I bought this on sale for 50 cents. I mean if it were to make me feel nostalgic I might have given an extra star. It plays quite okay for me, and the gestures are as responsive as I thought they would be, but that's okay. Thing is, this is getting old. The Nokia platformers were better and more involving. 'Nuff said.
Garbage. Don't insult me as a gamer using a MOGA controller with wooden gameplay.  Give me a real PoP game. Uninstalled even after buying the game.
Very disappointed to find this a pay as you go game after buying it in the first place. Not only is it pay as you go its full of that bloody awful Facebook and advertising stuff. That would be fair enough if the game was free but I paid two pounds for it.  Two pounds that to be honest I would like back because the trash is spoiling beyond use an otherwise fair game.
Nothing compared with original Lame storytelling, levels where awfully designed, just not that nostalgic feeling..battle system and movement are not fluent. This was the basis of prince 2 back then..now just a quick game...sorry ubisoft dissapointed could have been better and awwsome
A potentially good game bogged down many glarring issues PROS Great graphics  controls are intuitive for a touch screen  CONS A revive system which dates back to the NES era and it's outdated now  combat is too easy and is not deep
Not challenging, game too short All fights are the same wait, wait, block and strick. At least every enemy should have its own unique way to be killed. And there should be many more diffident kinds of enemies. How about more weapons, not just a Sword a one time use spear to make a kill from a distance, or a dazzling bomb, how about a special enemy who won't respond to the special weapons The game is too short and too easy, the original DOS game is much challenging. Good graphics though.
Almost Malicious The game play is ok.  The graphics great.  The problem  The save system borders on malicious.  You manage to get past loads of tricky little obstacles having revived a couple of times but need to answer a call or do something else.  The continue is from the start of the level.  This is 2015 not 1985.  Simply no desire to replay a long and difficult  level only to get wiped out by a boss and need to restart the damn level next session.
POP  shadow and flame For a real gamer, this is the worst game ever...a real shame for those who truly like the PoP serie. Making the prince move is a pain,  l burn my finger on the freaking screen before the Persian even run, jump or go down a clif... and forget about combo combat or fighting 2 skeletons at once.  got frustrated, not worth 2.99 for sure, No wait,,, it does if you like great graphics.
Awful game control'a are so bad very annoying something so easy to do makes it so difficult wouldn't recommend this game
Horrible controls Game could be good but the controls are lacklustre. Disappointed as it looked like it could be a good game.
Not very impressive Boring story and dull gameplay. Really wanted it to be better, but at this point, it's just not enjoyable.
Terribly designed. Consumer beware. The controls on this game are horrible. Character will not turn around when climbing down multiple cliffs so you end up falling to your death on one of a thousand spike traps.  If you try to move slowly forward towards the wallfloor spikes, the controls will always move you an extra step when releasing.  Fighting is dull, repetitive and extremely boring.   Paid for game but it's filled with micro transactions  Boring.
Disappointing The extreme casual customer is absolutely ruining the mobile industry for gamers. The potential is so great but companies insist to plague their games with micro transactions. I would rather pay 10 for this game unlocked than to deal with a game restricted and modified to feed the need of micro transactions. A shame....
Dear Game Makers Have Purchased the game but its not getting installed in my phone. Kindly advise. Am a POP fan. Like to play it.  Thanks in advsance.
