Does not work in my Galaxy s5 I have installed on my kit Kat 4.4.2 version but does not work It give me massage that update the new version. So I am trying to update the new version but can't I have used this application b4 It was good
Not working properly After installation of this app when I lock my applications and again open locked applications after this apps are open simply without asking pattern or password.
What happened Use to work fine..LG g3. This update and even before the update NOTHING WAS WORKING... The devs got back to me but it still DONT WORK.. I had to delete it... I found SMART APPLOCK APP PROTECTOR by spsoft... and it's EXCELLENT AND FREE I will be GLAD to pay for this app...
Confused It worked perfect, but suddenly stopped working. Now I have already removed its icon and the dial pad can't even launch it.. And neither can I deactivate it because it's now a system service admin... Please help
Not working in 5.1.1 I have enabled the lock...its not blocking the applications as its suppose to... I have locked installuninstall feature.... Still I'm able to uninstall applications under settings..
Help me I had hidden the app and i realy need to change my password because my little sister figured it put. Now she doing things in my tablet that i didnt want her to do. My tablet is a Samsung Galaxy 3
Sad  App lock is not working when I open my app first time app lock appears but when I do back n reopen my apps it doesn't works
App Lock SCAM Looks GREAT and best thing is it didn't require ANY permissions at all but when I clicked to install it took me to another screen where it says I must download the  updated version and the permissions required by the updated version was EVERYTHING  The devs of this app want to get into YOUR phone and have access to all Don't download. . . .  this is a total SCAM
Does not work I installed Applock with Advanced Protection and activated that , but still on mu Xiami 1s when I do clear tasks from my MIUI taskmanager the Applock gets killed. This despite the fact that I have installed Advanced Protection and activated that as well. Did not face this problem on my previous phone but Xiaomi is killing that.
Wrost app It does not work properly at all and got hanged and I have to do factory reset my phone because of this. I have to pay big cost for this app. Needs lots of improvements and efficiency to work properly. This app was not getting uninstalled when I tried.
Not working properly I'm using this app on my lenovo k3 note which is Android 5.0  lollipop. It is not working properly. Msg,contact s,call details are not protected by password even I set the password on this also..some time every  applications opened without any password.
REply is must from reputed app like u  How to deactivate it as its not anywhere on home screen and when I open play store it asks for deactivation of the same n thn only I can uninstall it. Maha bakwas app.
Very low privacy, data can be hacked or theft I have stored some private videos in vedio volt. After a month or two all those files are automatically vanished from my volt as well as from memory. Utterly disappointing.
Need help....... Not able to deactivate advanced protection as u described in description i want to uninstall applock but not able to do it
Behaves erratic on my moto E This app is behaving erratically after updating latest update to Android 5.1.  It pops up password screen randomly. By the time I typed this message, I got password screen popping up thrive. Fix it immediately. I'm already planning to uninstall this app.
Waiting for an add free update... Everything is fine but ads are creating nuisance...   Please remove ads from app....   Thankyou
The photo vault is of no use  I've installed Applock on my Xperia L. It's working good but there's one problem. I've added some photos in the photo vault so as to keep them safe. But with the Clean Master app, when I go to Advanced Cleaning mode, I find all the pictures from the photo vault there And when I pressed the Clean Junk button, all the photos got deleted Please fix this problem Applock
Can't uninstall Keeps saying my phone has it as a active  administrator even though I have deactivated it
Difficult application I've cleaned or deleted play store in my setting phone then i installed again. Up to now it is saying apdate the last version to apply this app. Please help me
bad I downloaded it but it itself deleted itself pls don't mind my english but hate it coz it said this app does not exist when it showed its icon on my home screen n when I redonwloaded it , it said app already exists when I uninstalled it myself . I would change my rating of u fix these problems
Very bad Please help..after uninstalled this app i cant remove in my handphone system and still running app. what shud i do to remove this app
Wont let me deactivate I do not have anymore space on my phone and I really want to delete this so I can update my Wattpad. But every time I press 'deactivate' it keeps on saying 'Must deactivate before uninstaling' and I dislike it. 
I am not able to find the uninstall option to remove  this application. I have installed applock advanced and applock. Please help
