Still Broken 112015 Still broken after today's update. Zmodo DVR with Media Port Nexus 5 running 6.0. Cameras keep dropping out every 2 seconds.
Crapped out after update 1120 I had been using it for over a year. After update both up cameras and my dvr camera do not work. I noticed that on my zmoto h.264 setup the user and password changed. I corrected that but still doesn't work. I have no idea where someone would get tech support.
Ok app I really like this app, but on my galaxy pro 12.2 when i have widgets on, it will stop working the next day and i have to tap on the widget for it to work again. This happens everyday. I heard you need a notification to keep apps alive, so maybe thats a fix. Also, the cameras are all frame by frame. I wish they were smooth stream like atleast 20fps. Continuous motion, not like pictures.
I paid for beach, traffic, and college cams. Now they're gone.  Don't support Dev's that lie and steal.
Costco biggest seller is Lorex, zero good drivers Still no Lorex Drivers....No different .. ......... ..  need lorex 1080p series from .costco. widget almost never works. Not reliable enough for daily use. Tried for months. Get Lorex Drivers PLEASE. Or ask me and I'll help you program them in
Last update killed it Great app for years but my widgets stopped working after the last update and I just get fast spinners  while waiting to load for most cameras.
Still with the latest update, the widgets aren't updating on my Note 5's home screen, even after removing them and replacing them several times.
Not working after last update Cannot connect  since last update please fix
OMG It is still constantly crashing. WTF   Will they ever fix it
Disappearing highway cams Still no fixes for missing highway cams. This has been a great app but what happened to the highway cams for USASC They were working great but now are gone completely.
Linda Lost app on android phone. And I purchased. It
Lots of cameras supported, but ugly and unreliable First, let's start with the positive A huge variety of cameras are supported. Now, the negatives. The UI is very dated and hard to navigate. Material Design would be nice. I'm not sure what the purpose of the frequent updates are, since there's no proper changelog.
Nexus tablet Doesn't work on my nexus tablet. Did a few months ago
