I don't understand why I've had to install this widget as well as the main amber app. Not only that but when I tried to pick a widget to put on my home screen it led me to another app I had to install.  So I think I need to just find a simpler widget app to install. Wouldn't recommend although the widgets look nice.
Not the best Insists on downloading 2 or 3 apps to show the weather, and not as good as the basic weather app from Samsung.  Avoid.
Where's the widget First, you won't find anything if you look for Transparent Weather. For some reason. The icon is called Glass. When you open Glass, it says to go to widgets. It's nowhere to be found.
Doesn't work , I wish it did it was just what I was looking for. Just couldn't get it to work.
Poor This widget is nice. but this widget is back from system time. sometimes 1 minute and 2 minutes. please fix it.
Amber is buggy Tried to install and open many Amber widgets. Wiggets will not install or crash every time. Don't bother.
Data Failed To load Data Always Fails to Load when I add it to my home screen.
Avoid Doesn't work. Trick you to download multiple other software. Used before when it was good. Now it's rubbish.
Disgusting .... You can't force people to download another applications ......
Not worth it. Don't bother it will download other crap that isn't needed.
I dont know why is hidden
Inappropriate app I want a transparent clock with the date and time on it for my home screen. I don't want amber weather Control your own phone not mine.
Why i need to downld a anthr app WTF
There is no weather I can't find weather
Time doesn't update on the widget
Fullish   Widget  
Did not work
Glass App name is wrong when downloaded please ammend.
Awful. Won't expand on screen only a widget.
The temperature is only in Celsius.
Samsung galaxy note3 It is not opening..
Lots of options re styles Nice array of styles but  this thing has crashed 14 times this week. Buggy.
Eyesore orange star That dropping orange star is annoying.
No. Just no.
Worst app Do not download it.
Scam for amber weather Just makes you download amber weather
