Easy to use. My only issue is if the various effects were more available without going through so many of menues.  Perhaps if I could customize by placing the effects I used most on the main screen. Other than that this is a great app.
Too many Menus Too many menus random spam integrated into the App as inapp purchase.  Focus more on camera stuff, please, instead of the stuff that happens after pic is taken.
Slow on 5X. Needs work Photos go into gallery upside down. Can't use as default camera, orientation is mucked up when I do.
5.1 Android, Added access to extsd DEVELOPER WILL NOT RESPOND Finally added ability to save to extsd card but won't save to dated folders Devolper WILL NOT RESPOND TO EMAILS Access to extsd still doesn't save to dated folders Up one star can save to extsd card but lumps them
Doesn't work good on nexus 6p . waste of money This app is under performing than the inbuilt app. Slow and sluggish. No proper auto focus even if you set that on the option. Too many complicated settings but all of them are unnecessary. 6p has inbuilt auto hdr. This one doesn't. Bad UI design and no updates for a long time. I think the developers just dropped this product. Not worthy of a purchase. Going to stick with the base Google camera.
Little Sticky In the recent weeks, I have been having trouble with the selections not wanting to function.  Example I click on goodies  but the menu won't budge.  Love this app,  for all of great options and fun with taking pictures...  But lately it's only frustrating.  I'd like it to work smoothly again for the upcoming holidays,  which I have paid for packs to use.  I really want to love it again.
Front Camera Issue Front Camera is taking pictures upside down.  Even when I change the  setting to 180 degree it still taking upside down.... Please fixed it
Focus is not great and sometimes hard to find command that i need. Have not been able use any video recording since I installed it.
Bug which is not resolved When launching, it shows black. You have to toggle between front cam then back cam to restore to normal.  But when launching native camera app, there is no problem like this. No response to my email on this.
Paid but advertisings are  there Paid full amount for pro version. But still links leading to advertisements of  beautiful seasonal card packs are shown inside this application. They are not free. Each one cost 0.99. You have to pay 5.94 more to get them all, when apps like them with  ads are freely  available in the  play store by other developers.
Lamest App ever purchased... Not clear, blury.  Effects are very cliche  Cameracamcorder options only get in way.   Unimpressed so I'm Uninstalling  Editors who chosen this are stupid, I'm now skeptical of their choices.
