Great game, but the characters... A majority, if not all, of the characters are based of of League of Legends champs, like Samurai and the latest hero... it's just, get ORIGINAL ideas, please..
Way to much for characters It is designed for you to have to spend money to continue to progress in the game and the game itself is very repetitive. All in all it would get 5 stars if it didn't cost an arm and a leg to unlock characters, it's basically 40 for a good character and another thing is the events don't work nor do the challenges. Thumbs down.
Crashes Crashes just before level select during the loading bar. No error popups. I'm using a Samsung Galaxy tab s2... It was fun while it worked. Edit I reinstalled, and lost about 6 hours of my game time ggz
Samsung Galaxy note 3 SMN900 Please fix the loading problem in this game version 1.3.1.... i can't play this game because of this problem
Pay2play One additional star because the game itself could be pretty decent. Yet, the amount of gems you need to buy anything is so much higher than the amount of gems you earn that the fun is killed. And the iaps are not one jot better. 40 for a single character. That's a hoax in my opinion given that the app itself is not even free2play.
Can the game developers or somebody contact me about this issue I bought about 25 worth of coins and diamonds for the game and when i downloaded the full game none of my purchases were available. Also all of my progress was gone and i had to start over. Can i at least be refunded so i can get my money back and start over. This is a pretty awesome game though so i dont mind starting over, i would still like to buy coins if you guys dont restart my game again
PLEASE HELP  How to transfer free data to paid I've already purchased the Paid Version of the app and when i opened it my data is not there, it was not transfered, my data is still in the free version.... I had tried clicking all the buttons in the game but no luck of transfering the data... im stuck... please help
Crashes I try opening it, but immediately, the app force closes. I'd love to play as I've heard it's great, but I can't do that if I don't have access.
Nice but... Played till far earlier , purchase gems and heroes...Un installed it and now I get back to the game everything restart...Please fix and don't waste my money thanks
Lost my intrest  Game was fun but heroes cost too much not enough heroes and should have made a halloween hero for free for peeps who paid gonna uninstall maybe if they change i will install again guess they made their money nothing new sad 
