Never got any password I am tryi g to log in from my number but unable to login. When i am doing reset password still not getting any password in my sms. Poor app service. I am going to uninstall the service.
Unable to login Never sends the passwordfor password reset. I have money in my meru account, is there any way you guys can help to login into my account Please respond.
Unreliable Got an acceptance confirmation for booking done via confirmation 45937546. Just 30 min prior when the vehicle was supposed to reach their call centre called and told not due to unmentionable reasons booking has been cancelled. As i was not at home my parents had to arrange for an auto and we're barely able to reach railway station on time. They don't have any backup plans available to handle such emergencies.
Cab was not on time, charged me more Cab was not on time, I called driver, he told that he can't come and told me to call meru. Meru has provided me Meruflexi cab same type of Logan car but charges are high just because of category meru flexi. Because of their problem I was about to miss my train and on top of this I had to pay more because of meru flexi cab category. Why the hell do I have to pay more because of their issue. Meru is no more reliable now.
Very bad service Booked cab for airport drop and at last moment when called the driver, got to know that my booking got cancelled without my knowledge. Horrible. Very bad.
Trip started and money deducted from wallet without driver picking us The complaint was lodged the very same moment but money has not been refunded yet.
Stupid Hopeless no advance booking no proper location pls upgrade u fools cheaters
Almost Nil Availability Everywhere When your competitors are going in a jet, you are just trying to learn bicycle. Every time I try to book a taxi, it's no cabs. While your competitor has large fleet of taxis plying around the city. In addition to that they also have very large number of autorickshaws which can be booked, with real time locations and wallet acceptance.
Worst app ever App won't connect even with 3G net...at least don't rely on its app
Worst service Worst cab service ever. They can cancel your cab without informing you. Don't use this app. If you are using ride later option then it will not fixed that you will surely get cab on time. If even they accepted your cab booking. They can cancel at the time for you book.
Not available at any time Pathetic experience. Booked the cab and got it confirmed. They have cancelled the cab without my notice and without any intimation. Always shows no service available.. What is the use of this app when we are not able to book any cab.. Finally useless app with no service.. Sucks..
Unreliable Drivers denied to come at last moments, call center guys don't have any control on them...highly unethical service..don't rely on them for serious outing... I confirmed 7 hrs before the trip, still three drivers denied me one after another..thanks meru for terrible experience...
Password I tried to register but didn't get the pwd through SMS.Then I tried forgot pwd option still didn't  get the password.Please check with your system and rectify this ASAP.
Worst app I have ever seen Never ever able to login.
this is useles were bad service that app is no use this is time wast
Tariff Tariff is low so that drivers did not  do the duty....
Had to type my address 17 times before I could move forward
Not available Whrnever i try to book its always unavailable.
very difficult to for selecting the
Not good It's costly as compared to ola cabs
Not reliable Last minute you are telling cab not available and asking to arrange my own transport  Happened 3 times on advance booking. Friends, never go for advance booking.
