Pls fix the bug which creating a mager prob. This app showing Some of my gallery images on others profile tweets..but the web page there is a blank image on those frofile tweets..this very serious issue pls fix this asap.
Twitter is worse than Facebook On FB i can block Rrated and Xrated posts and users. On Twitter no matter what i do i still see porno tweets. I am about to delete my account.
Notification sounds not updating NOV 17twitter updates every week on the dot but haven't seen changes in months. The newest androids STILL can't update notification sounds,  they revert back to default. This has been reported for MONTHS without resolve. Can you please fix this
Omg Lost all my favorites with this new like button I am extremely upset, because there were lots of tweets i wanted to save and now they are gone
Can't watch videos Every time I click on any video it always says content is unavailable. Videos only work if I close the app completely, but it will start up again so after.
STILL Can't See LikesRTs Thought it would be fixed with the update, but I still can't see who likedretweeted someone's tweet when I go to click on the liked and and retweeted of a tweet. It's such an inconvenience Please fix this
The new update ate my likes... That's really the only problem I have with it. Every time I push that little heart button, the app crashes If that could be fixed, I'd happily change my rating. Until then I'm gonna try my luck with browser based Twitter.
Twitter ads every ten minutes I can't believe you accost ppl with ads even when they aren't using their application. Im trying to watch a YouTube video or play a game and I see an ad every ten minutes. I followed the instructions to turn off ads and im still getting twitter ads. That's insane. I'm deleting this app, unsubscribing from Twitter and telling everyone not to use this service.
Was great until you started with the lets change fav stars to exploding hearts your last 2 updates ruined a perfectly functioning system, whomever cooked these up needs fired, seriously twitter is not Facebook
CONFUSED I dont know what exactly you guys have been updating in this app. There is really nothing new. Yall should put up something special that blows our mind and stop wasting our time with irrelevant updates. Better still give us an ios feeling. Ugh 
Too easy to follow people When you don't even want to follow them. The follow icon shouldn't be placed where you scroll. Why can't you see who's retweeted or liked a tweet Just shows up black when you click 'retweets' or 'likes' once you go onto a tweet.
Please read and fix COMPLAINS  1. No notifications shows up on mention tab or direct message. 2. Video and Vine keep turning into green or broken. Sometimes it said contents not available. 3. Why is every favorite tweets is gone There was like thousands of them.  WISH  You guys needs a button where i cand download videosvinesgifs directly into my phone.
No one will ever read this... But it doesn't flow well... Newest tweets go to the top but then conversations go reverse of that. Auto play videos are annoying and don't display correctly. And if I'm scrolling down thru tweets, why is the compose area visible Takes up space... there should be a compose button somewhere else.
Please take a look over here  Everytime it try uploading a video the audio is always in slow motion or just bad in general. Could you please fix this Its been like this for a VERY long time.
Not impressed Too much promotion, and disabling retweets from annoying retweeters does not seem to work. When I decline while you were away and say I don't like it, I still get it pushed at me despite my clear preference. It seems as if I am just along for the ride and my actual preferences mean nothing.
Design not good Please make it like iphone or blackberry design. It more beautiful and easy. And fix the bug and problem. Tq 
Notifications and Speed THIS APP IS TOO SLOW Also, push notifications never appear, nor do pictures sent through Direct Messages. FIX THIS.
Text limit. Corrupt twitter Why is there such a low text limit. Now twitter is helping politics stay corrupt  by deleting honest accounts that save and post deleted tweets by politics that end up deleting their tweet so like it never happened.
can't see icons why can't I see pictures please fix this asap I've been suffering this issue for weeks so please fix this
CAN'T SEE ANYONES LIKES OR RT What happened....Ever since You changed from favs to  likes , Nothing has Worked Right NOW,.. I CAN NOT SEE ANYONES LIKES OR RT's ON THEIR TWEETS
hate the refresh I read some post and all of a sudden it refreshes and goes to the top of the list. Sometimes I am far from the top and can't find where I was at.   Please make it so that it refreshes and stays where you are. If I want to go to the top, it's easier for me to just scroll quickly to the top than it is to find back where I was.
Its not good Ever since the new update I'll be using the app and after like 5minutes of being on the app my phone resets. This doesn't happen with any other apps just Twitter.
Just a horrible app They will never fix it. Keeps getting worse. Loving the demise of Twitter. Soon we will mourn the loss of Twitter.
Return where I was scroll position ...after hiting Back, when returning from a tweet to tweet list main screen. Seriously, Twitter, stop breaking scroll position
