Doesn't work in my Samsung galaxy note I've used this app for a long time on other Android devices but it just keeps crashing on my Samsung galaxy note.  Hope you can fix this as I'm really used to access my apps with the swipepad
Very essential to me but broken in Lollipop I've never switched apps faster than with this app used to rate this 5 stars, but now in Lollipop it only lists your homescreen apps instead of listing all recent apps. Please fix
This app WAS kind of amazing, now it doesn't work since I updated my Galaxy S4 to Android 5.0. Hopefully there is an update planned soon
NEED A FIX FOR LOLLIPOP ASAP Love this app when it worked on kit kat. Does not work on lollipop. Advised not to download until fixed. Hope they are working on it. Will update rating when fixed.
Doesn't work on lollipop.  Still no fix for lollipop After updating to lollipop,  apps don't appear on my recently used list. Only the home screen appears in the recent tasks. Is this a bug or what Do fix this as it ruins the purpose of paying for this add on and the entire experience of using swipe pad.
Was great But after upgrading to CyanogenMod 12 Lollipops, there are only 2 apps in recent apps pad launcher and swipepad. Pls fix
Lollipop Error Recent tasks doesn't work. Please fix it. Will rate 5 stars if you fix it
Lollipop flaw I love swipepad, but as other reviews have mentioned recent apps does not work at all.  I used to use just this app for multitasking, now stuck with the nasty laggy touchwiz multitasking button.  Have the devs completely stopped supporting this app Can't find any responses for a paid feature, if it's impossible on 5. I'd like to know
Disappointing Unable to enter the desired contacts. The contacts it has chosen with prefill are random one I haven't used in a year Love Swipe Pad though.
Requires other paid add on. Requires More Pads add on. No indication in documentation, but this is useless without another add on to allow more than the default pad.
Samsung galaxy note 4 I have the same problem as everyone else who has Lollipop. Please fix it.
Missing features Users are complaining for missing features and noone from development department  responds to any of them. I'm very sorry for buying this app, it's really useless for it lacks any kind of customized view of appscontacts.  I just don't get it why people with similar complains rate this app with 3 or more stars...
I'm using Samsung galaxy Note 5. And the ''recent tasks' pad only shows Swipepad all the time
