Really needs an EXIT option. Currently it runs 247 which is a big waste of resources. Will uninstall it as soon as the competition is over.  Actually it now lost my login details. I try login with my ID number like it requests but it no longer accepts my ID.
Lost my login details Despite using the app for about two weeks. It wont allow me to login in saying i am not in the data base. I uninstalled it previously for the same reason. What is the point of having an app that does not work.
No longer accepts login I have used the app for more than 2 months even received 2 rewards, now it says that I am not on the database. I AM STILL a Discovery Insure Client with a DQ Track
Deceitful This app tracking is incorrect and when I have logged 3 calls at the Call Center nobody has com back and it's been 2 weeks. Clearly not the same service as the Life division. Don't waste your time
Many bugs I have only been using the app for the past 3 days but have a litany of issues. App just stops, depletes the battery and phone gets so hot that my camera starts malfunctioning, it misses whole journeys, says I'm doing harsh cornering when I'm driving perfectly straight on a straight road and, best of all, has me speeding on off ramps and doing uturns on those off ramps when I'm traveling under the speed limit on the highway.
Trips don't record  constant buzz I turn on my GPS before starting my car and turn it back off once I'm parked. But my trips haven't been recording.  Says no phone connection made. Both on Samsung S5 and now on A1 ace. What's the deal Also my phone vibrates every minute or so while driving not notifications either. No clue.
New update issues 21 October 2015. Since the new update i have a driving score of 7. I have consisten 5 star ratings. How is rhis even possible.  Also i am unable to see my vehicle location. And other features also do not work. If i want to add friends via the facebook link it does not want to open.  These are all very frustrating issue. Please sort it out. Thanks
App doesn't work anymore App doesn't record any of my trips after the update.
I was a passenger in two trips Have been unable to update trip status to I was a passenger on two trips today. Help directions aren't any help either. As no matter were or in which direction I swipe I don't get the option to change my status to passenger.
Trips as a passenger All of a sudden now I can't login and view my trips after two months of using this app    
It's not accurate It states that you have accelerated or braked harshly when you did not ...I dislike it
Won't accept my ID After a couple of months on this app. It all of a sudden he won't accept my ID number and has locked me out.  Says account not found.
Terrible Can't login even though I'm with Discovery Insure Uninstalling now
Suddenly logged out again Does not accept my ID anymore... Did i die
Scam spp Half my trips lose their trip info. Immediately  after a drive i can see the route and then it  magically disappears. I have 5 starts for every trip. My score went from 830 to 421 overnight.  I am very likely to cancel this insurance which relies on my data and my phone to run and then it doesn't even run right anyways. To me it's a scam. I think they have run the numbers and it's in their favor to have lower scores to lower payouts. I call BS on this product.
Can't use it So my Samsung A3 is not compatible with the app and therefore cannot be used. Thanks for nothing.
Why is it permanently in the notification bar It's annoying. Let it run in the background like normal apps.
Account not found App crashed and logged me out and now when i type my ID to log in it says account not found... How do i fix this
Waste of time After last update it is simply not working  need to sign up again and the validation on my ID fails
Sort Your Shit Out Tracker is recording at your offices, yet the info is not syncing to the app properly. When I uninstall anf reinstall it shows for a few minutes, and then reverts back to not showing recorded data. You guys are a premium company. Act like one.
Just got a new phone and cannot use this APP as my phone does not have a GYRO  Is there any other way I can take part in this challenge  Also, I will be with Discovery Insure from  December 2015. Seeing that I am gyroless will the standlaone DQ track still work   Update 11 November 2015. No reply ffrom Discovery or the app developer. Really 1 out of 5 rating due to lack of response from Discovery 
Doesn't work
Inaccurate It's just not good enough
Account not found After updating, device was deregistered. Trying to reregister but app is not finding my details.
Not what it seems. When driving racing style i get full points but when i drive in a responsable way my points drop. Wtf
Driving score fluctuates Driving score fluctuates frequently.
Not a discovery client So was working to all and now I camt use it cause im not a paying client really over small app like this nah no.thanks
Can no longer log in Can't use it if it won't let me in I am a user with a DQ tracker, and have been using it for about a month. WHAT HAPPENED
Crappppp
DQ tracker I cant get my DQ tag linked to the app. i have followed all the instructions  but still cant get it linked. what am i doing wrong
not accurate since I downloaded the app, I've made 5 or 6 trips but only 3 trips are recorded. wifi..bluetooth and location high accuracy is set.. and the trips are only half way . thinking it was a gps issue but then i had my navigation on for a whole trip but no full record. .disappointed. .its a good app if it works ..samsung galaxy mega
