I can't change the color of the clothes in tge beginning of the game Nd when it starts the color is there.. Plz fix itwhen is the next update8302015... now the new update always crashes. cant play it for at least 5 minutes before it crashes also had a world  saved in the cloud and it was also deleted
What happened The game updated and I lost my character, weapons, armor everything.......I put a lot of time into this game and you guys just erased it. I want it back, now I'm in hard mode with no armor and copper tools WTH
Eh I really expected way more don't get free version because it's only a little tiny toutorial but it is good on PlayStation 3 and 4
Can't open game I go to open the game and it doesn't.  Please fix. My Samsung tablet worked my daughter loves it...  I can't play it on my LG g3 please please fix it  Update  It's been a while since they fixed it, it was good up until the Easter update, now I can't create a world.  When it's not one thing, it's another. Update September 2015 this game is becoming junk.  Now my progress and characters are getting erased. I'm losing all my weapons armor etc...
I git RIPPED OFF I bought this game like... 2 or 3 updates before hardmode, now when I play it, it sets me at the TRIAL version, instead if the full version. Either I want my money back, or I want it fixed
Ok I guess The full game is probably quite good, but is it worth the money I clearly don't think so as I'm not buying it. This version is essentially worthless, maybe try it to see if you're willing to part with some money for the full game, but don't expect to get any real enjoyment from this free version.
I want it updated I relly want terraria to update couse you dont get to chose your skin and you have to listen to the intrusion even you arledy arledy know how to play i waeted updated
can't control character at all Also I always have the same recipes. Workbench,torch.
Bad game Game is great, I absolutely love it, just when I get off the world, it resets automatically, plus I bet the company won't respond to this problem
MY TURTLE ARMOR AND TERRA BLADE THE NEW UPDATE DELETED ALL OF MY CHARACTERS AND ITEMS. FIX THIS FOR 5 STARS
Trial I don't play trials ever on Android but.... LOSERS STOP COMPLAINING ITS A DANG TRIAL NOT THE FULL VERSION GO TO THE FULL VERSION A FILE UR NOT EVEN GOOD COMPLAINTS THERE AND ITS TERRARIA NOT MINECRAFT 2 YEAR OLD LEARN TO READ AND LEARN WHAT THE HECK MINECRAFT IS 2 YEAR OLD CAMPERS
Hate I will put 5 stars if you make it full version because it was in the full version spot but not full version plus me and my friends was supposed to play Terraria tomorrow together but we can't unless I buy the full version so please fix it plus I can't control the person I will try to move and it does something else and makes me furious I will rate five stars if you fix it.
I created a cloud save character. I log in to play he and all my stuff is gone. I loved this game until now. His name was Jungle. I want him.
Fix your game 505 Used to be great, but the latest update deleted my character and world. After grinding through a new world, the wof was defeated and did not drop the essential PWNhammer. The guide also will not respawn and the game crashes frequently now. Please fix the game.
The hell is this Bad controls, crashes all the time on older and brand new phone. Did i forget to mention horrible controls No option t o create controls. Game is garbage compared to pc version.
Still Buggy Biggest issue is that the item buttons aren't responsive but also I purchased in this app before they released the standalone paid app. When you make this kind of change you should provide the paid app to the users who paid in the free app. Sick of playing Terraria Free whether it's in name only or in feature too. Annoying. UPDATED Now every time I take damage the game crashes. Unplayable. I love this game but this version just won't work.
This game is horrible. Skip the tutorial please it's annoying and unnecessary. Crafting is dumb it takes too long to break through anything.
