Worst app after the update This is the worst app for sharing after the update cannot find nearby connections and nor those who have it are .. It really suck big time now why do u guys make updates when things were running perfectly before
Not performing well I m micromax yuphoria user. I can't send files to my frnds becaz the menu keys of the phone are located over the two options of the shareit that is selected  send. Please fix the bug early as can so I give it 5 stars
Lost interest gradually... Never thought I will hate shareit, even in dream. This version entirely changed the purpose, earlier it was 10times fast than Bluetooth, now, it feels users 10times slower. Improving app never be at the cost of its original and main purpose. Developers don't sacrifice app reputation, now many apps are available in market for alternative. Option to save our own apps should be there just like in cleanmaster.
M using nexus 5 with latest android 6 version and i am unable to use shareit from last update...uninstalled shareit and again reinstalled it but still m unable to send and receive files from shareit....speed is good app nice too but from last 2 months it sucks..
Data not showing up It has happened a lot of times . I received files from my friends using share it and they arrive but cannot find them in the normal music and video folders and specially in the file manager.  I have to run everything though share it and m pissed off ... please help
Worst after last few updates Was my daily fav daily sharing app but Has been waiting for a month to get the app fixed after every update since UI has changed no permission to write on SD card and main is doesnt send anything from my phone karbonn titanium octane and takes too long time to get connected m just uninstalling it for better alternatives
Unable to Transfer.. Gives an error Transfer failed.. Older version used to work perfectly.. New version is worst I've seen.. Note I use miui
Still the same This app is useless it didn't let me download file from my friend so I have 3 friend another one is Samsung device and the second one is HKV device the third one is venox and I can  even download an app from my friend why isn't it working can the creator fix this app can anybody fix this app because I don't have Bluetooth
Highly insecure I am an android app developer.. when u r sharing files on hotspot, u r creating a hotspot hub without any password and that moment if our 3g is ON anybody can connect and use the internet services from our phone. How u guys didnt check this problem I am not sure whether it happens in all the devices, i have tested with my note 2. Issue is there
No Transfer Speed For older version i use to get transfer speed of 4mbps and now not even 1mbps.....
After update it useless Even other have some version but it  shows no friends even we try same WiFi, Bluetooth, hotspot not connected if I send someone invite friends it also gives problem please fix even your first before 1year version was much better easy and simple just transferred speed slow but that version much better.
Worst update The app was awesome before the updates...... about a year back. Now it fails to connect most of the time. You ruined a good app with unnecessary updates.
This app is crap It doesn't transfer my file to other devices... I am using Redmi Note 4G.the prob is nt wid my phone its actually share it with lots of bugs.plz fix this issue
Its not working My friends gets my symbols as we select the further process stops....plz give me solutions as I want shareit very badly....
