Not liking it much because they only have 1 or 2 stores in my area that I can use.
Pointless No one wants to carry around another card.  I tried to login and forgot my password.  That's my fault.  In order to reset it you need the card number not the email you registered with.  Whatever.  Done with this app and card.
What's the point Nice idea, pull many stores and promotions onto a single program and card. Now let's get some real stores and offers that aren't onetime shots or from places that everyday people don't shop at, visit or even consider in the course of a typical day. Highly disappointed, I will keep it for a little just to see if you care enough to redeem yourselves and this application. Thanks Eric
The app is ok to use, however..... Att monthly spend points don't even get posted automatically. I have to email them every time to get my points posted. Sometimes when you email them, you will get a reply saying to call them instead in order to get your points posted. Not worth the hassle. In addition, it is harder to use points at the merchant than earning points
Bad service I had 2 cards had signed up with att and direct TV. AND ask the service department at plenty. To drop the card that don't have the points from att on it. And now I can't even log into my account. They don't know what there doing.
Points did not transfer I had a Rite Aid card and was informed by a Rite Aid associate that my points would transfer over to the Plenti card. Well, just finished signing up my acct and it says I have a zero point balance. My Rite Aid receipt from 2 days ago says I have points. Very reluctant to use this reward card since points may not be accurate.
Total lack of privacy It should not be necessary to contact each individual partner there should be a setting on Plenti's app.
Plenti barcode The stupid barcode on this app won't pop up on my note edge.
Can't log in Won't let me log in even tho I put  the correct information and even talked to a worker smh
Stupid app Lock me out and doesn't let me reset my password, frustrating, poorly conceived, uninstalled
Dumb. Won't let me put my card number in, keeps saying my email and password don't match
Real crap onlyifyou participate in their offers such as ATT Whole lot of those
I don't like that a product points are only good if bought at rite aid. There are no rite aid stores in my area
Worst app ever I wish I could get it off my phone
I didn't get any bonus points for signing up. Boo hoo
The app need a lot of work because what ever you put in it doesn't work and I like the app please fix the app thank you
