One of the worst standalone podcast apps out there. It frequently crashes tried on both the Galaxy and the Nexus, doesn't remember where you left off in an episode, and is difficult to navigate.  For such a stellar program, it's a hugely disappointing effort. Much easier to just subscribe through a regular podcast app.
Arbitrarily refuses to play when the screen turns off Which essentially makes the app useless. The most frustarting aspect is that there seems to be no rhyme or reason, just random episodes will not work if the screen is off  rendering this app useless. Save your few bucks and just stream it online
Crap, buggy, poor features, not worth the money Nearly a year on and not a single bug fix  update. Such a crap app. The app regularly crashes on my nexus 5. When I re open the app and try and scan forwards in an episode there is no feature that lets me skip ahead. I have to listen to the whole part of the show I've already heard AGAIN  FOR A PAID APP THIS ISN'T GOOD ENOUGH that's right, ALL CAPS. One star until it is fixed.
Buggy There seem to be a handful of bugs. It resets to the beginning if you pause like others mentioned. The download for offline listening feature doesn't seem to keep track of how many episodes you currently have correctly. Sometimes you have to remove them all to download at all, even if you're not at the five limit. Currently, it won't even download or play anything for me.
Needs an update Omg It does not refresh to show the latest story and when i do hit refresh the latest one i have is pretty tyrant from 2010... ill say it also. Please update Extremely annoying when u cant pause or the episode will go back to start position if you need to take a phone call This is on the Samsung S5. Such a shame because i would love this ap otherwise
You had one job By far the worst app I've ever used I bought the app two years ago and it has never worked. Old problems like shutting down all the time have never been fixed while updates add all new problems like playback of episodes saved for offline never working. This American Life should really just scrap this pos and try again .
Love the show, hate the app App is buggy 1 Says you can have 5 episodes saved for offline use only lets you save 4. 2 When scrolling through episode list, keeps jumping back to the top. 3 During playback, hit pause, then play, and playback will resume at some random point way before where it was paused.  Also crashes occasionally for no apparent reason.  C'mon...this isn't cuttingedge technology anymore
Truly Awful Constantly freezes or refuses to play the podcasts entirely. Its 2015, and you can't make an app that plays mp3s without messing up every time Use my 3 to make a better app or send your programmers to Devry. Get it together
They need to do a show about the app I would listen to them interview people that have the app. Why is it so bad Funny stories about how it has ruined people's days. How is this the greatest show but with the worst app.
The show is OUTSTANDING. The app has som issues.  Sometimes the Bluetooth  listening to the car doesn't work and when playing it pauses and restarts without me doing anything. It's annoying , why have I payed for a app when other podcast players are for free
