PLEASE... Game is ok and some cool new ideas like upgrading the movers but PLEASE add a mode to play till bankruptcy instead of the stupid 2 million limit Monopoly should be about taking over the board and bankrupting your opponents but this isn't possible with the 2 million limit. Would rate 4 or 5 stars if bankruptcy mode was available but as it is can only give it 2.
nice classy game just starting to play and its fun to play...shame cash limit cant be any higher to beat the players off the board or mate slightly better improved digitally perhaps
Needs fixing asap Sony Xperia z1 does not work crashes every time u even attempt to buy a property please sort it out. Thanks very  much
Very short gamplay 2 Million is wayyyy to short..... Make an update where we are able to choose,  Insert Number Million or Last man standing sorta thing... Fixing this and a few Crashes that happen during the game will bring the game up to an average or 45 stars
WiFi games don't work So installed this game to play with family. They are on iPhones and we are on Android... Can't play together which really is disappointing.
Freezes after load up Start up game before even gets to title screen the screen goes blank and i cant get a refund... I hav also uninstalled and reinstalled twice...
Crap This game is a waste of time it keeps freezing get feed up with it reloading. It's as much use as a chocolate fire guard.  Don't waste your money.  It has a lot of improvement to be done  for it to be a good game.
Crashing ... It just repeatedly crashes. No choice but to uninstall it. Previous to this download, I have installed this before  The game is over very quickly and actually very boring. Now it can't even run without crashing  HTC One M8  UPDATE Again, I have just downloaded this again and on the new HTC One M9 and exactly the same thing with the repeated crashing. Uninstalling.
Good game stupid limit I had hotels on brown, purple and blue. I also owned 1 off each other so no one could get a set but I loose beacause the boat reached 2mill first. Probs cause i invested my money in properties.  Sooooooo stupid to have the limit, pretty much ruins the game. I'd give it a 4 or 5 if the limit was removed.
Awful app crashes on brand new z3 device can't even do first move... Refund please... Love monopoly very disappointed please fix
It would of been good but keeps closing after each turn I have an Xperia Z and have have read more reviews that are similar to mine and you need to sort the problem out and my problem is that It would of been a good game but it keeps closing the app on its own after each turn and it gets really annoying so I carnt even play the game properly  A update is needed quickly  As people are buying this app and it is not working So fix this problem quick
2 million limit No need to build houses or hotels because after a few tours, game ends. Cool game but deserves much better...
Its meh.. This version feels very bland and the game even on 2million is just way too short even with 4 players..  Still it was worth playing a few times but original monopoly is far better.
Disappointed Should have read the comments first...put it on Xperia z...cant play even one round  atm dont bother
Doesn't work Roll the dice and the game cuts out and closes. Fix please and will review my rating.
No choice on refund Installed didnt work went to refund in google store just said uninstall very dispointed plus cant contact company terrible customer service wont use these again
What the Played this game this morning and no issues. Now saying it's not authorized on my android device   ummmm wtf My android device is the same as what it was this morning
S2 Fail.. I purchased this game last week and have tried several times to Play it using both 3G and Wifi.. All I get is a Black screen. Whats the go  
Good, but need custom game options Good game but needs the ability to pick cash limit andor last man standing. Playing the game on hard, the computer always wins due to someone else going bust, which leaves the simple way to beat it is to not buy properties... What's the point
Game rules need attention The score limit needs to be increased andor play until all players are bankrupt not just one. Also the sly deal card is a little ruthless and should be altered. Cash in trade should be allowed. Change these faults and will be a 5 start game. Shame really.
Doesn't work. CTD on touch. Moto X 2014. Pretty annoyed that EA is making the same mistakes as tiny studios. GIVE ME A REFUND
