I don't know what you're doing fb I can't see my notifications and pics disappear if I like them. Please fix.
Update fail After I updated it won't let me open the app and keeps crashing. Please fix this.
Can't even open the app on my phone now, the one touch doesn't work keeps asking for password when I put it in it goes to a page asking if this is my account. When I click yes it goes back to the one touch page and NEVER lets you change your password, just does that whole thing over an over.Wtf There is no way to get you directly, can't post anything obviously, this has been screwed up since the last few updates, over a month now, when will this be fixed
Reactions on like button They said they have a new features but after 2 updates nothing change, i dont still havr that new features in my app
Craziness I usually love this app. Now I'm finding it harder to navigate, my news feed is always the same posts even when I go to most recent. Now not even 2 minutes after I searched for someone, it's saying to check my Internet settings. Seriously I have used this app for years, now I'm getting disappointed and aggravated.
Updates Nearly every week there is an update but the updated info always says the same then during update plays havoc with my phone loses all screen info apps etc turns screen black unusable for ages and then doesn't say app was even updated in list of recently updated apps why is this and what the hell is going on
Wtf do I have to crop profile pics Why do social media sites think we want to crop ALL OUR PHOTOS. GARBAGE
Buggy Please stop messing with this app  Aggghhhhhhh now I can't play videos, it's so frustrating.
Can't install any more This update would not install on Samsung tab 3 8. Get error message 504. Tried all troubleshooting steps, no luck. Uninstalled, still nothing. Seems to be a common problem with this app. No problems with any other apps. Update same problem with today's update. Still broken, same exact message. No response or help from Facebook.
Awful programming Updates uninstall the app half the time  they also unset my lock and home background pictures  on a Galaxy S5 it's already by far the slowest app despite factory resets every 4 months  it messes with plenty of other settings. I expect much better programming from facebook's wellpaid, wellfed staff.
Unable to update Worst ever update for fb. Made us compulsory to download messenger app for chatting. That's ridiculous for a low end phones. Fb and messanger uses lots of RAM and phone automatically slows down. Please make the same use of chats over fb app itself thanks
Works ish thwOnly app available for us android users. Surely such a popular app should have someone competent doing the programing etc. Why so many updates and bug fixes Why can't you get it right surely it's not that difficult  Or is someone trying to justify there job out there
My messangwr does not work eny more I cant read my messages ..it sends me to.the browser ..it was  bad update
WHAT THE F   K Every update Facebook seems to get worse, seriously wake up think it over and give us an update that's actually useful.
synced contacts gone Yet another update and still no contact sync Seriously this is getting ridiculous Have lost more than half my phone book and just want the older version Bk, there wasn't anything wrong with it before you messed about, not a happy girl
Why 40MB's updates daily so far Just had an update yesterday. Not good for data plans...just sayin'...AND why does it take so long to load my news feed, pictures etc. Not fun...
Was great... until they took away the option to sync I'm not going to say much because I'm still fuming mad that Facebook decided android users aren't deserving of syncing their contacts to their phones. Not cool, facebook.
The new update sucks Your new update sucks  I can't open my messages without messenger I need to install messenger before I will be able to open my inbox I don't like messenger I only wanted to read my messages when I log on to facebook app We should have a choice if we wanted a messenger or not
Contact sync I don't like the new update now that you guys removed the contacts sync. I didn't save most of my contacts because they were already in my phone from that feature. Bring it back please. Also for the messages, you should be able to see your 'other' foldef. Not have to go to the full site  have to mess with it on there. Get your stuff together. As much updates as your programmers do, they make the app worse and worse.
Worst new update Wt the hell is this .. My phone is connected to 3g . nd when I use to open my timeline this app alwz shows try after some time or check internet connection .
facebook is porn Better Business Bureau does not recommend  Facebook , Porn Pics, Poor Rating, Poor customer service, privacy issues and violations,Facebook retaliates if you file complaints against them by threatening to close your account out on Facebook with harrassing emails, Facebook allows porn on their site.
 this is soo dumb Wtf facebookseriously  I already got the Reaction feature, then right after recieving this Update. Damn It's all Gone again.. its more like Outdating this app.. By the way im using S6Edge
I hate the update.   As a person who has two accounts one for professional associates and another for more personal friends to which I can mess around with and be stupid with the new update bars me from accessing the messages of the account that isn't attached to my messenger app. This is just horrible. I hate it with a passion. Please, fix this.
My facebook keeps saying that there is no connections to the inter net when ever I go on someone's profile or even mine You don't need to keep updating the app if there is nothing wrong, I never had any problems before I updated it
