same ol There have been no change in their coupons since I got this app. Also does the no specialty versions include not being able to add cheese  Also if you have issues at the window with the promo number being accepted it's because you need your location function on. Anyway would be better with more specials and cheese being included.
CUSTOMERS ACCOUNTS HACKED No longer accepts my password then can't reset password as not longer recognises my email address. Uninstalling  reinstalling made no difference. Have our details been hacked
Can't login Can't login, can't create a new account, always says emailmobile number is in use. Forgot password says email address not found... a very confused app...
Since the recent update I am still unable to redeem vouchers when logged into my account which makes the app pretty useless The team responsible for the development of the app clearly don't have a clue what they are doing Unless the issues are addressed I will stop using the app
U guys should b ashame of selling those rocks u call nuggets  They're nuggets alright and just as hard. Burgerking USED 2 b my favorite fastfood but not anymore all behind  Nuggets .
Can't get any of the offers when logged in or it comes up with wrong emailpassword or it in use
The offers are enticing, but the app is unfortunately glitchy. Since a few days ago, it no longer loads properly, even after reinstallation. Promotional codes will not show.
Unusable Downloaded to new mobile. Can't log in, says I've no account. Lies. Can't create new account no letters available to enter postcode only numbers. Thinks I'm in another country and takes up loads of space wtf This used to be good uninstalling and off to MacDonalds
Unable to sign in Does not recognise my login. Tried to sign up but the postcode field allows you to enter numbers only.
Stick w other fast food apps I have had it with this app.  This is only the second time I tried to use it and both times it failed to work.  Both times the employees were worthless and did care at all.  Each time I tried to use an offer I got authentication failed.  I turned off WiFi and got back on BK WiFi and tried again. Now there was a line and I already told my kids we were eating there.  So..my meal cost a lot more than planned.  Thanks a lot BK.  Never had one problem with McD app.
Good lord... Just the worst I've ever dealt with. Never loads anything and I apparently never have coupons, just a complete waste.
Hangs on login Samsung S4 No point in having the app if I have to force close it. What a shame. Carl's Jr. Here I come. 2 for 1 deals are hard to pass, and Whoppers are great.
Never work This app never works to top it off your staff in yeading are rude Kfc all the way i think
Doesn't work Absolutely rubbish. Doesn't allow you to click to get the voucher most of the time and the attitude from staff in your restaurants is disgusting when trying to show them the app isn't working. Very expensive food with poor customer service in return
Nearest burger king wouldn't except vouches Is it any wonder there are hardly any Burger king restaurants in Leicestershire, went to nearest accessible by car  they wouldn't except the voucher's.... Walked out without buying anything  cooked my son a better burger
No PayPal What happened to the ability to log in with PayPal It's gone with the latest update.
Why doesn't it work Get notification you let me know there's new vouchers bug when I open app, there isn't any.......... Please fix as I go to burger king every Saturday for dinner
Needs fixing When I click on forgot for my pass word all I get is a white box. You can't see the words in the box.
Buggy and inconsistent Constantly tells me I have no vouchers.  If I then log out vouchers magically appear.  Also, if the app is going to send me emails, then it should have vouchers that tie up with the email.  E.g. for breakfast or the latest specials.
Can't login Was trying to login but no luck reset password twice and no luck.  Pretty annoying I must say
Terrible The app won't let me reload my virtual card with my cc
Would NOT recommend this app to anyone.   Nothing but trouble trying to get it to work right.  I'll put on some other fast food app and go eat there.
Hasn't changed With the update the app still crashes and is slow for a redeem code. Basically have to start at the house and hoe I get by the time I'm there which is like 57 min away. It's useless if you can't use the coupons
Doesn't work when logged in. Tried to use voucher, says please wait then nothing Doesn't work when logged in. Tried to use voucher, says please wait then nothing. Crap. Only works when logged out. Useless.
FIRE YOUR APP TEAM,THEY ARE MORONS App refuses to load, updated 111815.... STILL DOES NOT WORK...... USELESS 
