The emojis have set this app back. I also have an issue with my texts disappearing after I hit send in the pop up form. I'm waiting for a reply to find out the text was deleted and never sent after hitting the send button.
Give us back the old emoji faces Can you just stick to the originals because it's much more prettier than the new faces they're not even beautiful, so please give us back the original emoji.
Stop changing the emoji Faces just keep getting worse.. Please stick with the way it looks on iOS. Give us the new faces instead of a new face design. GGWP
Leave original emojis The new emoji faces are absolutely terrible. Why take a step back and change something that was already perfect
Emojis are terrible You guys took a major step back with these new emojis. They are horrible  Looks like they were designed in 2005. Just please for the love of god go back to the Android 5.0 looking ones or IOS 8 theme. Please change it or else I'm getting a new app
Those faces These are great faces if you're a 14 year old girl. How about some better choices. What is with you guys lately. Rip all the features off the SMS app and now these awful emojis.
Ew Okay I'm 12 and I know that since I'm young I'm supposed to think these are cute and instantly buy them but these look stupid it was great before because it had actual iPhone emoji I JUST WANT TO KNOW WHERE I CAN GET IPHONE EMOJI AHHHHthey call this an update wow
Emojis just look weird There is already a standard in place for the look of emojis. There is no need to try and put your mark on it just because you have a popular app.  Stick to making your main apps even more awesome
Ugly... These emojiis are really ugly. Also I feel as if the emojiis on my galaxy s3 are different from the ones you have on SMS, which are then different for people who receive them on ios. I feel like I'm sending out the wrong feeling or tone when I send an emojii that looks different from what I send to what my recipients receive
Sucks OK so every time I send a message from the pop up setting which I love but now every time I reply to it, it DOESN'T send so I'm sitting there waiting for a reply to find that the message was deleted and didn't send it's really irritating and also what's with the emojis they used to be really cute now there terrible I can't even tell what emojis they are like they all look the same and there really ugly plz fix or I will just have to get a new app.
Couldn't be uglier, hard to see expressions... Please, please go back to stock. Or anything but what these look like now Been using this since the beginning, but I'm finally off to find another messaging app JUST because of these...
New emoji's suck New rounded emoji's suck they're nothing like the old ones that really express the faces we want. Put back old emoji's
Why It is now incredibly difficult to discern the emotions of the specific emojis. It was much easier before. I don't quite understand why the changes of the most recent update were even ever  considered, let alone implemented.
Awful icons Used to really love this app...told all my friends to install...not now  Why ruin a good things with these awful icons. ...bring back the old ones..they rocked...you need to see that this is something that none of your supporters want..BRING BACK OLD ICONS    thankyou
Old ones Please put back the old style of emojis. The original are much greater than the new ones
Pro Version but no themes I bought the Pro version about a year or two ago. I upgraded to a newer phone and now I have to rebuy the themes I already had along with future ones. I thought with the pro version you get all themes 1 star and I'd give less if it was possible. If this isn't fixed I'll just go back to stock. I only got this app for emoji's to begin with. And I gave you guys money because I ended up liking it and now it's ruined and stock android has emoji's now too
Give them back Give us our normal ios emojis back, yall are making them really creepy now
Ugh the emojis The gumdrop ones were adorable but now you changed it to some bloated weird looking ones that I absolutely detest. Can you please fix this
The suck emojis.. Helloooo Go Dev Team...where are you Dying.. your new emojis design is so great for 80's but absolutly not for now..worst than before. Bad reputation, SADNESS WHY... need to be fixed up ASAP...
I want old emojis back  anyone know of any other way to get the old ones back like a different app and plug in
Terrible You went from great to garbage. These emojis suck. I'd rather use  faces than these ugly things
I can't see their faces. It's not pretty or good at all. I like the old emojis.
What the Did ANYONE look at these decrepit little creatures before shoving them down your users throats Am not one to leave negativity  usually uninstall  be on my way. But these horrific faces  warranted the comment.
Love then I saw ... Thankfully y'all got the better emojis back. Then I saw there are gifs ... Such an awesome idea, HOWEVER ... there are a ton of vulgar ones. My son uses GoSMS ... I'm seriously thinking about uninstalling. I'm talking words that I'd never say even when I used to curse like a truck driver. Please fix this.
Ahmm Plss turn it back to old emojis beacuse the new faces are ugly so when I send to my boyfriend some emojis it looks like the faces are not so compared with my feelings or emotion so plss turn it back to old emojis thank you sorry for my english carabao I'm a filipino 
HORRENDOUS EMOJIS The face emojis are terrible. Ugh. Please give our iOS emojis back or just take a step back because those emojis are better.
DISLIKE EMOJIS Bring back the originals they were so much better then these awful looking things that u call emojis there more like a 2yr old came up with them lol... until the real ones come back im giving a 2 star an thats being nice ill give back a 5 if an when they come back hopefully u listen to all us cuz every post is the same it shld tell u developers something....
PLEASE CHANGE BACK TO ORIGINAL EMOJIS GO DEV TEAM. Please revert back to the original emoji icons that look the same in the iPhone. You do realize your emojis look drastically different when sent to an iPhone. This gives mixed signals when the user is completely unaware. Change in the next update please or I will uninstall and let my fellow peers know as well
Wtf I hate these new ugly emojis, I just got a brand new s6  the emojis are horrible looking on this plugin on my old s4 they even had the good looking emojis so I don't understand why they would downgrade
