 Since latest update app keeps force closing Need more ways to get Stars and energy.. When are you going to start addingdoing what customers want All these reviews basically say the same thing
K stars I re downloaded this game cause I have a new phone but using the same Google account its telling me to start all over again please fix this I am not starting at the bottom again                      still haven't fixed my situation on here I have to start my relationships and celerity status as well please fix it
 I was 2 on the stars list and my phone broke. When I got a new phone, nothing from this game saved. I had to start over. I've waited a few months to redownload it since I angry about having to start over and it just a black screen. Loved the game before but something needs to be done.
It's just the brand, this game sucks I finished a task and it's appearing as incomplete, and there isn't anyway to complete it. This happened after the weekend event khlo update. It's the dance off event and I did everything, but it's not complete. It's a bug. Please fix, I'm so upset about it. The game is getting very boring, takes too long for energy to fill up, doesn't give many chances to collect K stars. This game isn't worth the time.
Annoying ads Used to love it. Stopped playing for sometime and Uninstalled it. Thought I would play again but now there are all those pop up ads and it really is such an annoyance. Get rid of the ads and I would be a fan again for sure
Glitches I literally feel the need of 0 star for rating. After every single update the game stops from opening. It just hangs my phone. Your app takes so much space on phone. And these many updates for sorting out the problem is getting really annoying. Look into the matter. You really need to. Thanks.
Like it, but the kicker is.. I love this game. The only thing that really makes me dislike it is, with this new phone of mine I can't open the app  have it where my old phone last left off. even tho I can see my old achievements in the Google games area.  I had spent over 150 on this game with my lost andor broken phone, so that's really disappointing. I will continue to play, from the very beginning but my credit card will NOT be going to this sad game that can't even save membersmemory. 
Usually don't rate I usually don't rate but every time I download games or complete surveys to earn stars I never receive them. I've contacted costumer service twice and still haven't received them.  I would give a higher rating if they would fix this..
Fix it App keeps forcing closed I cant get it to stay open for more then 2 mins. I just wanna be able to play my game Please fix immediately
Uggg I just got a new phone and I needed to re download it and it's saying I can't restore my old game. This neeeeeeds to get fixed.. I am not starting over that's so annoying. And there needs to be a map.
Fan's  moving up So for a lil over a month I've been at 145...  I play 8 hours  per day So I'm getting money  fans but I'm not moving up to top 100.. please fix  spent 45 stars on an outfit. The new designers  I can't get a freaking gold star for any type of gig So I went n spent 7K on an outfit  same thing Please please fix I'm getting irritated  with this game already. Been playing since day 8 hours  everyday..
Can u lower the amount of stars the baby's cost it's not right to have them 160 star or wat ever u call them pls make them like 20 or 30 then I would give 4 stars maybe 5.if I stop playing game to take a break for a few days my husband divorce me on here and we where number 85 on the dateing chart I'm so mad because I couldn't get on because I had work people has other lives besides their phone u know
Not happy Keeps closing itself out, when you fix this then this will be a great game
Upset, I love the game but money n stars I want I love  the game. I add the apps for money or stars I open and I play and I never get the money or stars. I do the surveys I never get the money. It's frustrating. This needs to be fixed. I restart my phone or leave the game and come back. Nothing and honestly I shouldn't even have to do that. Thank you for your time and understanding.
Ugh My phone broke so I just got a new one and all my progress is gone I was so far and so close to having a baby. It makes me not even want to play this anymore now that I have to start over
Waiting  annoyed The waiting for energy is annoying. Going back and forth trying to get energy from the different objects at each location is draining my money. Ads freeze my game right in the middle of play. The concept of the game is fun but there has to be more rewards for playing. Needs improvement.
Lame Takes too long for energy refill and never gives me my free K stars that are offered for watching the video.  add a map with list of locations
Sucks Too many ads, I broke my phone yesterday and reinstalled on a new phone and lost all of my progress. I don't know if it's even sort playing anymore.
