App support discontinued The developer has stopped supporting  developing this app yet they keep selling it. Avoid on Android, dev is only updating iOS version.
Airspace and frequencies out of date Disappointing that SA airspace and frequency changes made some years ago are not up to date.  Still out of date airspace and frequencies.
Schlechter kann ein App. nicht sein. As bad as it gets  minus 5 Sterne GELD ZURUECK BITTE Uninstalliert. I WANT MY MONEY BACK  UNINSTALLED.
Won't work GPS signal is never found on my note 3 with loly pop.
It is not worth it To expensive and besides you have to buy the maps. There are many of free and good apps. I want my money back.
unable to install maps crash repeatedly and no response from support team
Not quite there Still has its issues.
Lots of bugs Xperia Z2 Needs a lot of work before 5 
no thanks bad ratings are rarely justified, but if a developer ignore the Google rules ... as other users reported before and I should have seen it as a warning you won't get a refund, even when you request it within less than an hour. Not acceptable
Maps not installing proprly
Unable to download error 905
Huge delays Moving map touch screen has delays so bad app cannot be used as intended updates make it worse have contacted xample many times with no solution I have ios version on ipad it works well android useless dont buy
All gone wrong It all went wrong with the update ,paid map lost,direct to or custom waypoint ,causes position error, no longer usable,no reply to my e mail,not like them.I did love it, so it,s sky demon,if no improvment   soon this is
Still poor years later I purchased this app after seeing the iOS version, although at the time it wasn't as good and missed many features the developer promised eventually it would be to the same standard. Years later the app is no where close to the iOS version, has seen very few updates and just an increase in in app purchases. Don't waste your money There is better apps out there.
Stopped working well since 1.5  Paid for this one but now it's all messed up PLEASE FIX ASAP. I'm on LG G3
Problems with ver 1.5 This updaite was disaster all roots have instaled with the priviuse ver disapeared the programe in ver 1.5 is unstable please revers the old pruven V.
Since update not running on any of 3 different devices. No support.
Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Update caused app to stop working My app auto updated on my Galaxty Tab 3 and now the app doesn't run. Freezes up the tablet completely and i have to reboot. Any suggestions on how to fix the problem
