Use the website, this is a waste of money The app has several problems. The back button doesn't work. It takes forever to load results. Now it won't open so I am reinstalling. Maybe I'll just uninstall and use the website. Edit to add only being able to select two cities is a major negative. I am within an hour of four so I have to change settings and search twice.
Let down I was expecting a bit more from this app. The filter options and search settings I was hoping to at least mirror what the website offers. Looks like a very rough draft beta testing version. Don't waste your money. Just go on the website which is amazing by the way.
Not great A little easier to get in than using the website from a phone, but it won't let you back away our site off with your phone's controls.
So Close I use armslist often. A well coded app that pulls data from it would be great. Problem,  at this point this is not well coded. The location section doesn't match the available localities , and the categories section flatly does not work. It's also highly annoying to not be able to see all of a user's listings.  If you complete the app and code it properly,  I will change my review.
Back button doesn't work, can't exit app. Doesn't turn up any results for my region, .com site does though.
Needs a lot of improvement Not worth paying for. The pictures are all messed up and you can't scroll through them. It's faster and easier going on the site.
Phones back button does nothing, backspace key adds words instead of backspacing. No sorting options, works better in browser.
Search Sucks 1 State or 2 Whats the point unless you can do a US search. Armslist is a good site but this app needs serious help.
Will not upload pictures to post I have to go on my internet browser just to upload photos to my post, if I have to use my internet browser to post stuff why do I have to pay for this app
Can't select options App displays half a white screen when attempting to select region or category which doesn't allow me to even search for anything maybe its a bug but I already tried re downloading twice waste of time and money Update  region select fixed but the category select is the exact same thing so its not really fixed
WTF....... I use Armslist quite a bit, so I got the app...doesn't even show in my apps that it downloaded,  thou it did..4 minutes after entering search criteria. ..nothing..opened ft I'm buyinstall screen...waste of 1.99
