Cubed crap It should be called that as it will take a long time to load and then an ad pops up and then you press back it takes you back to the game then it's like survival but creative at the same time, yep it's a load of crap
Littlec It's not great, I got bored really quickly because there is like NOTHING to do.
Should rename to how much can you do before game crashes Would be great if the save button worked I would regularly save but the moment i get a new axe it crashes due to adverts and then im taken back to near the start. The game is a waste of time
Stupid ads Every time I try to place a block it takes me back home. It takes for ever to load and a stupid ad pops up every to time. So bye bye stupid app.
Kinda liked it but when it goes to my home screen i go back to the game and all my treasure is gone fix please
WHY Why do you have to make your own blocks I mean why can't we already have the blocks
Nope Womt open      i can make a world but cant get inna it                  aaaarrrrrrrrrrrggggggghhhhh
DONT DOWNLOAD IT Dont download it because they all follow the orginal game call minecraft aand remember dont download it
CUBED PIECE OF CRAP THIS IS A CUBED PIECE OF CRAP BECAUSE WHEN I GET IN THE GAME IT TAKES ME TO THE MAIN MENU CUBED PIECE OF CRAP
Dear drae apps Me and my niece where enjoying game until It restarted
Rubbish It goes out of it even when you don't want it Then you loose all your stuff
Shutting down It keeps on shutting down after a few minutes really annoying please fix it it would be way better.
1 Problem... Please fix it to where the app doesn't boot me out in the middle of the game.
I hate it...... You have to min one thing at a time sercly what kind of app is this. 
I LIKE IT BUT IT IS HARD I've been trying to find diamond sand,glass     and it is to HARD
No game I try to play but each time I click play it loads a little an then just goes back to home page. Delete it or not get it .
Spoil Alert Guys just so you know, all of the diamond, gold, iron, and copper blocks are dug deep in the dirt
How How do you make doors. This it what happens i play for five minutes then it just goes back to home screen please tell me what do
Cube crap alright I got stuck because no ladders and I didn't listen to everybody that said it just sucks well I downloaded it is awful please listen to me I'm not kidding
