Its waste of time It doesn't work most of the time and when it does the time is wrong so if it was up to me don't go wasting your time just go to the stations and ask there much better then this app
Unusable At this stage the app is unusable. Many graphics and layout changes needed later. Now functionality needs to work. One can't directly import a Web app into a mobile app.
Great Idea, needs more work Great idea but poor execution. Its not user friendly at all. The interface is poorly put together. I like the idea of it so thanks for that and hope u make it a great app. The ads seem to be the only thing that works. Which we dont need. Please please remove the ads. This is not for the people like you say it is if there are ads.
Unreliable. This thing is a bit stupid though, how come does a train from Kopanong to Pretoria takes 167minutes whilst other trains take 47. Secondly.. Always the last train from Pretoria to Jo'burg during the week is 0678 not the one this app keeps giving us
The worst 30 seconds after installing it, it stops working. I'm also late for work as we speak. This is unacceptable
Adirritation Please remove the adverts Otherwise better app than the 1st one, except for the layout.
Don't waste your time App doesn't work. It's now 1633 and I am searching for the next train on my route. It gives  me the first trains of the day what I am looking for. The ads make it virtually unusable
Application doesn't work App only worked once and now it doesn't work anymore complete waste of time
Crap Since upgrading it says WC stations don't exist
BAD BAD BAD Keeps telling me it can't get me to my destination at the moment
Not a very user friendly interface Loads of room for improvements
It just keeps getting worse Such a shame for what was once a great app
The worst app ever.  Uninstalling it.
This app used to be helpful, completely useless now
Bad bad bad bad... The app is just as bad as the train service. ..just waisted data
Not usable at all The ads are intrusive, when you rotate the phone to resets to main page. It's slow. Screen does not render properly. Sometimea the app removes the status bar of my phone. Did this go for internal testing before you released to the public At least the data returned for routes seem to be accurate.
Poor service Always saying route not supported. Uninstalling. Its as bad as the train service. What a joke All routes are giving problems..
Adams Always no space 
