Used to be the best but... Now they have forced ads. Ads that will not close when you close them. I've had to force stop the app several times because  of it. It's also been crashing alot. As well the time stamps are messed up now. My phone says time correctly and yet the messages will claim to be an  hour or so old. Even b4  dst. I bid you farewell. You were one of the best. Now not so much.....uninstalled.
Incoming calls not working It does not show that I am receiving a call. It only shows that I have missed the call. I even paid for minutes. I can make outbound calls perfectly, but can't receive incoming calls. And yes I do have the enable incoming calls box checked in the settings.
Email Spam Since signing up, they have shared my info and now I am getting spam daily. Watch out and stay away
Use to be great I have used this app for a couple of years now and ever since the new app came out it hasn't been working well. Needless to say though the other app NextPluw doesn't even work for me. Either my friends don't get my text or I don't get there's. Its really frustrating and annoying how it randomly stops sendingreceiving text.
Needs work Basically useless without the option to use keypad in call. I place I call, am prompted to enter a number, and can't because the keypad doesn't work while in call. Please tell me how to fix this and I'll change rating.
It's not exactly free.. I feel that if an app designs itself to be a free app then it should be that but it's not.
Can't sign in After numerous times of uninstalling and reinstalling, I keep being told by the app I have connection errors when my signal is perfectly fine
Everytime i tryed to send someone a picture message the person said they never recieved a picture only a blank messamessage. And i couldent call anybody all they hurd was static and couldent hear me at all
Horrible App  Company First they come out with an app. Then they come out with what they call a better app. Then they harass you and force you to upgrade to the new app. And at the end of the day neither one of the apps works well or has an easy setup. Do not download this or allow anyone you know to download it
Cant log back in Can someone please help I logged out and cant log back in. I went to reset my password and nothing happened after the reset. Please Help
Its lost 50 stars It logged me out and saying plz try again and use your username i never set one up  and i have important people to talk about work on there.             So plz can i get some help
Im sorry its only 1 star or even lesser to me cuz it doesn't work with whatsapp
HATE WITH A PASSION Random people joined my chats and were trying to gain personal information
Rip off good thing i didnt buy this Dont give you the credits you earn
