Stuck on startup I could play it yesterday, with some lag I might add. Now I can't get the game to boot. I also preferred the old version of the game. There's always been performance issues for me, but the update hasn't helped... It might actually be worse. I love the game when it works Please fix it 
New update not good. Why would you make the enemies almost invincible Dont u want us to play the game My upgraded weapons felt like stone pellets and i got bored trying to get past these enemies. The older version was good and moderately difficult. New update now it is freezing. Uninstalling. Sorry.
Progress lost I use to lose this game until I reinstall it because it kept freezing up. And now all my progress is completely gone I have to freaking start all over again And please change the game back to the way it was because I hate being forced to do the tasks. I just wanna collect all the clues and find all the relics without having to do extra tasks like defeating the bosses or running extra meters. Stop making the game harder than it already is
I used to love this game.. Ever since the last update the app has been freezing. I uninstalled the app to see if it would correct the problem but the uninstall ERASED everything Apparently connecting my Facebook account didn't mean anything Now I have to start all over Just great 
Back to temple run then... This latest update has made game unplayable on kitkat as it does not do much apart from freeze on opening screen...tested it much
Cool Game But you SQUARE ENIX U disappoint me... I give you one star now coz i av updated my app relic run for the latest version but it can't open... Please help me.... Am an addict to this game
Lags too much  has become money conscious all of a sudden Lags and freezes, Square Enix do something about this please  why do I have to use so much gems to upgrade weapons Makes the game frustrating
It will not let me connect to facebook,also has bad glitches, and will not stay open while im playing the game its just closes please dix and i might give 5 stars
Glitchy The game's fun, but it insists on wiping my progress every three to four days. It's getting a bit frustrating having to start all over again and again. Aside from that, I thought it was a great game.
Lara Croft Relic Run Update Sucks I just uninstalled it......I love the game and it's  concept, it's really fun, but whatever update was used to make it more difficult  and more obstacles makes my phone freeze you may need to remove your update so I can start loving the game again
Idiot update process You idiot gamer, I lost my all completed levels whenever you updated this game, this is last time, I will never play this stupid game again  again if I lost completed levels again. Idiot's
It don't work..... It never works when I go on it ITS UNBELIEVABLE Until you fix it I won't get it. Do something about it please
Meh..... Having a higher end device, this game sure does lag a lot, perhaps severely. The game has a tendency to hang immediately upon opening. I've run other games that are far more taxing on the cpu and ram, without issue. Once in the game, the game seems fun and with much promise. However I couldn't help to notice occasional stutters here and there. I'll rate higher once a fix is implemented. The crashing and severe lag issues that plague this game earned it only one star for now.
Loved it until latest version I loved this game until I upgraded over a week ago and now it freezes every few seconds.  So disappointing as this game was really great.  I like the upgrades so so would have been better if you just let it keep going after the 3 stars were achieved. Can you please fix the lag issue.  Just an fyi  I gave this game an excellent rating until the bug you installed has been sitting here for over a week.
Buggy Game. Plz solve it When i try playing Lara Croft Relic Run, the games stops at one particular screen Combodia map screen in my Zenfone 2 ZE551ML and after few mins, I get a pop error saying Relic Run has stopped working
Freezes Fix this update ASAP Disaster. I often can't log in. Then if I can, there's a lag in time making it v difficult especially during combat, or it frezes. Would be 5 stars if fixed
Love It This is how a running game should be. Difficult .... Yeah, But I wouldn't have been hocked up with this game if it is any easier. Temple Run, eat your heart out.     BUT... the update kill my save .... all achievement gone .... had to start over .... and the continues run is gone too .... and the game now LAGs A LOT and it's an absolute NO in a running game .... IDIOT ....
wonderful graphics but pathetic to play i was amazed to see the sharp and beautiful graphics. it is a tough game which really needs a good eyesight and full concentration. lara has been concepted as a sexy woman and her moves specialy the slow motions while leaps is simply breath taking but recently the game is crashing a lot and sometimes it becomes very slow or even unresponsive while trying to open it and  after uninstalling it my phn ceased to hang now.
Game freezes Before this current update I was able to play this game without any issues but now after updating to latest version, the game is freezing and I am really annoyed by this. If square people don't fix the game soon I would definitely uninstall it pretty soon and would suggest everyone else the same.
man wth this game was good now after a few months i get back to it anf has this 3star candy crush crap and freezes like crazy im using a moto G 3rd gen and a galaxy tab S and same crap i it freezes alot and game force close fix it and i will fux my rating
Disappointed This was a fun game once, but now it runs terribly lots of freezing and stuttering, and they basically altered the structure of the game to monetize using in app purchases. It's pay to win now. I feel sorry for those who spent money or logged many many hours such as myself to power up equipment before the update and are now stuck with weapons that barely make a dent unless more money is shelled out. Sorry, but uninstalling.
