Great but You guys took my glu I had 10k and a hacker gave me 25k and u took it all plz give me back my glu I don't care about the 25k I just want my glu that I bought back
Won't work After I downloaded it it won't even work. Its just keeps saying preparing dino hunter and it just keeps loading but I've waited almost half an hour a yet it still won't work deleting this game because I think it has a virus so if this happens to you don't wait to find out if there is a virus or not
So bad Nice graphic.nice game but.one thing's.why the EXOTIC SERIES than must to buy the wapon use the glue.the glue is very hard to get.why not use the money to buy the wapon...im stuck here becouse of the wapon.i can't buy coz.my glue not enought to buy the wapon.pls fix.don't give hard to up lavel and spand many money bcoz of only this game.UNINSTALL and give 1 .
Don't waste your time Ads everytime level changes and upgrades... Like every 2 mins it's a total joke 
BLACKOUT I can see all the options and stuff like that but the background is totally black... and when I go to a mission I can see my gun but can't see anything else....plz fix
Irresponsible Customer care support I have purchased 4.99 glu on 16may and 16jun , the glu credits on both cases remains zero instead of 300. When contacted customer support always receiving an automated email.But after that no responses from them, Even after so many reminders. I have never seen such a poor customer support team and will never purchase anything hereafter and I would also suggest other customers to avoid purchase from this app.
Impossibly slow It was a fine game until i got to part two of the second region, now everything is horrendously slow, which is the opposite of what you want in an actionshooter. I find myself re, and re and replaying the lizard killer level because my game basically freezes in between shots.
Stopped at Level 12 It was a fun game but I was stopped at Level 12.  The game required me to pay 480 coins for an exotic gun. To obtain the coins I either had to purchase them for 19.99 or watch a video for 1 coin 480 times. So basically,  my fun is stopped at this point because I can't go back and play completed missions nor can I continue without completing the mission.
Problems receiving credits for videos GLU, every time I watch a video I'm supposed to have received credit for it but I don't. The game says I've received the credit, I hit the o.k. button, but then it doesn't reflect it, please fix or I will unistall. Same thing applies to DEER HUNTER game. You guys used to be good but you take too long to respond back to players and fix the problems reported DO SOMETHING
Great game if........... To many popup ads and always trying to get you to spend money to continue playing the game.
Its ok Its not a bad game but its just not for me. All the hunting games they put out are the same game. Need to mix it up some and not just change what we are hunting for.
Complete black out.. The game will load normally.. But wen loading is complete.. I can't see anything.. I can see the gun..and all the tutorial..dats it...I had the same problem with my Samsung N8000 tab...now same problem with my Sony Z ultra...this is really annoying... Please help me out..
Slow why ads Not under standing why there are ads. It slows down then game take away from the thrill and is irritating
