No support No settings button to access importexport options. No idea why. Have emailed developer numerous times with no response in months, despite the claims there is support in the app description.  Fix this and you get the full 5 stars.
It's great but annoying STOP taking the decimal key off the main numberpad  Geesh.  I can recall multiple updates adding this to the main screen and other updates taking it away.  So ANNOYING to have to hit SYM to get to the decimal point.  Why the  and  keys are on the main number pad and the decimal is not is beyond me.  The decimal is the only special key used when entering data, not the  and   Fix that and you get my 5 stars
Not so Pro anymore It's been two years and nothing has been done to update,  upgrade or improve upon this app. Most disappointing, shows a lack of motivation, with a great deal of laziness from the developer. There is no reason or excuse for this.
Seems Pretty Good, but... App looks good but I have a lot of data from a similar  BlackBerry app that I am having trouble importing. The about screen says developer will assist with imports if you email him. I've emailed him 4 times  not 1 response. TOTAL BS. False advertising... Thanks for nothing...
Old phone to new phone  Until now I loved the app. Used migrate to carry the app to a new phone, but the data did not come along.  Bought the key, but it came with lengthy instructions, I still can't figure it out. Help   Can't even find the data.   I WANT MY MONEY BACK  It's the principle, of paying for something that is useless unless you are a tech person
Annoyed I had to buy this Just so that I could back up my data to move to another phone.  Charging for importexport capability is LAME
DO NOT BUY. This is a nice, simple app but, unfortunately, developer has abandoned it. He no longer updates, provides support  will not reply to paid customers. But he will take your money.
Total waste of money, no support. Was a great app until I got a Galaxy 5, now it's useless to me and repeated attempts to contact the author has fallen on dead ears. One of the few apps I have actually spent money on too.
Getting long in the tooth The UI is really getting dated and needs an overhaul. Still uses a  menu option. No cloud backup CSV is so 1998
What happened I loved this app when I was using it on my Motorola Droid RAZR, but I upgraded recently to the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and there is no way to import the info from the old phone.   I have the backup file,  but there's nothing.   It's over a year and a half of film ups and costs that are pretty much scrapped. What's the point of this log off you can't track it over the long haul
Developer hasn't gotten back to me. I was satisfied with the app and recommended it to many until its outdated method of transferring data to my new phone, failed. I've become much LESS satisfied now that the developer has failed to get back to me for a month. Not what I'd expect from an app I paid for.. but fortunately there are other, more advanced,  competing apps with developers who don't ignore you.
Good App, but Apparently when you reinstall this app into a new or replacement phone, all your stored data is lost. I was very careful to backup it every possible way available before activating the new phone, but Fuel log pro simply opened as a brand new app. I wouldn't trust it for business records. Using it for any other purpose simply makes it a toy. It would be a great little App if this was corrected or at least explained and simplified.
Used to like the app when it worked. I paid for the app.  I have a new phone and transfered data from my old phone to my new one and now can't open the app.  How do I make it work on my new phone without loosing my old data  It says it's already installed.  Please help and I will rate 5 stars.
