Please help me play store I play the game story mode and then it just goes to home screen or it just says this game is unfortunately unavailable. please help I deleted all of my apps just to get some room on my phone for this game so please please help me.If u guys don't tell me why or if I can get a refund.I will report to you and I no that a lot more people are gonna contact play store to report you and then this game will be down.So fix it up gamesoft.
It sucks When ever I use It frezzi my tab and then n no thing works and I have to wait until its dead
Great game, except... Whenever I get even somewhat close to the story mission marker it's the one after following the Lizard to the gigantic skyscraper my game keeps freezing. It has happened every time. I can free roam and do side missions but I cannot continue or beat the story mission because of this bug. Please fix this issue Gamesloft.
Brooklyn Bridge Mission issue I don't know what's wrong with this game. I downloaded it 3 days ago. It runs perfectly. As I have reached the Brooklyn bridge level where spiderman meets the lizard first time, as soon as I complete the chase after lizard the crashes and I have to that mission again again. I have done that mission 4 times and the same thing is happening again and again. Please fix thus issue Gameloft.
Always crash, when swinging Dear gameloft, i want refund. My tab is samsung galaxy tab s t705, if i can't refund please give solution. I have uninstall and install it oncemore but its always crash
Was good once upon a time. Was going great loved the game. But one I got so far the game stops. It says unfortunately it quit working. Then it made me restart the game, so I gave it another shot. And.... it stops working again Please fix.
This game cost me 6.99 and it is a complete rip off, When I downloaded this game I really liked it It really got my attention and I was hooked The next thing I know, the game freezes up on and off Then as I am playing the arrows to move the character disappeared and jow I cannot play the game My advice to you is to save your money this game is not worth the trouble
Update killed it. The last updated erased all of my progress and awards.  Then this newest update killed the game. I can't move or do anything. All I get to do is look at Spidey. NEW UP DATE I had to uninstall the game and reinstall it to fix the problem. Game loft never did. But now today the game all of a sudden crashes every time I try and web swing. I remember playing this game for hours and loving it.  I also remember when Gameloft used to make the best mobile games too.
A good game... Its a great game but could you add peter parkers first costume It used to be on the game but isnt now and could you add some extra missions and a few more suits And please fix the problem with the disappearing controls its getting on my nerves and im not able to play the game.... '
Ok but.... Game worked fine to start with, when reloaded spiderman just stands there and cannot be controlled,  map etc. can be accessed but no control of spiderman. Reset the save data and game worked, but once relloaded same problem again. Running on SMT530 android 4.4.2. Will be 5 star if fixed as my son loves playing when it worked if not then a waste of a fiver.
XMON I FRIKKIN WASTED SIX DOLLARS ON THIS AND IT DOESNT WORK I CANT EVEN GET A GLIMPSE OF THE GAME IT SAYS THERE WAS A NETWORK ERROR PLX FIX AND I WILL GIVE FIVE STARS AND I GOT THE SECOND VERSION SAME FRIKKIN THING HAPPENED PLEASE FIX OK
I paid 6.99 HELP GAMELOFT HELP REPLAY TELL ME WHAT INTERNET I NEED TO cheak required files I kept installing the game and it says something went wrong with your INTERNET what internet do I need help REPLAY BACK and tell me whatt internet I need and it said download the app againeven I buyed  batman and samething or update it please fix
Not compatible Doesn't respond to touch controls on the Galaxy tab 37.0. I'll update my review if and when they fix the problem.
Fix it preety please  The controls are very stuiped its not what it looks like worst game in the frekin world
Needs fixed please I paid for this game and now i can't play it as the button to control spiderman has gone, was good til that happened
Please fix the game The game is brilliant but keeps crashing and sends a message stating unfortunately the amazing spider man stopped.. I Uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times, still keeps crashing. Either fix or refund me.
Automatically exit It says ' unfortunately game stopped' when i am level of lizard.  Could you please fix it up. Please help....
Game does not work Do not download Waste of money. You are making a bad choice if you get this game. The pictures look like thegame is fun, but now I just wasted 7 freaking dollars. I can't wait until someone else makes a game that actually works. If you fix this I will get this game back and gibe you 5 stars. You fixed it a little bit, but now i cant even move.
Amazing spiderman Constantly receiving messages that unfortunately spiderman has stopped and unable to play. Pay for a game you can't play...ridiculous
