This app is not able to locate Google Chromecast ever Even after every possible Troubleshooting step like patch update, switching of 5Mhz frequency, swapping USB cable, testing with 3 Android devices devices, giving power from socket directly and all what not, there is one constant message  NO COMPATIBLE GOOGLE CAST DEVICES WERE FOUND ON YOUR NETWORK
Loading forever Casting was working just fine until I installed the update tonight. Now..my show on Hulu has been loading for over 15 min. I've already rebooted etc
Hot spot screen cast After latest update can't cast screen from mobile hotspot please fix this issue as this was the main reason for buying chromecast so at moment its just a piece of plastic sticking into my tv
Hot spot screen cast Can't cast screen using a hot spot with the new update Please fix this issue And I'll change my review because I used to use it everyday.
0 Update DON'T BUY I bought Chromecast a year ago  I've NEVER been able to get it to work. Tried to return with receipt  was told had to return to maker, who has NEVER returned numerous calls  emails. Not worth the trouble Pay a little extra and get the cords
Lol I'm currently running a movie via thr Chromecast on Netflix and all of a sudden the Chromecast app can't find any chromecast in my network. The movie is still playing so I can't pause it, stop it or whatever.. Good job I tried reconnecting wifi and stuff.. no success
New update, really sucks After setting up ands redoing it for an hour, it finally works,  Oooh but look.  Now Netflix can't communicate with it,  So I uninstall Netflix,  re install,  nope still can't communicate,  but the rest do.   This sucks.   It used to work. WTF.
New update has many issues After the latest update I can't cast for more than a couple of minutes before I lose connection. I have tried to reboot it and still having the same result.
Loses connection. Able to watch onlyone video at a moment. In TV it shows connected, but phone has no cast option. Need to reconnect every time right from the setup. It's a serious bug.
No longer works. Forcing sales. Since the new chromecast has come out my first gen has slowly become more and more buggy. I can no longer cast successfully from webplayers on my phone. YouTube doesn't cast at all anymore, and now the app won't detect a chromecast anymore. I can't help but think that 1st gen users are being forced into purchasing the new model
Hotspot cast screen stopped after update The only thing that I bought chromecast for was casting through hotspot, after update now it lost that feature...  Instead of enabling casting movies not just screen casting through Hotspot, Google decided to remove this feature
Broken since update Please fix this... loved how it it was to use by now it can't be found from phonetabletpc.. Even though the network is shown on the tvchomecast screen. I even checked the connected devices on my router and it is definitely there... Come on google you're better than this.
Update created issues After the new Chromecast and marshmallow update I've been having a lot of issues. Randomly, and for no reason, my phone is unable to find the Chromecast. Even when I just used Netflix moments prior. It also randomly finds it, too. Unfortunately, turning my phone off doesn't fix the issue.
I just bought the chromecast yesterday and it still wont connect and its really annoying. i bought this so i could watch Korean dramas that i have on my phone on my tv. I just dont get it. i want to return it.
Needs to have bugs fixed Didn't even have the option to cast my screen, help desk was too complicated, and wouldn't work with my Google music player always saying it can't play I side loaded along remotely.
Why mess with something that worked The original software worked totally fine and never had any issues with it. Now with the most recent version I can't use cast screen and the recycling pass code means you can no longer seamlessly switch over to using it from 1 app to another. Plus trying to teach our 4 yo that he has to put a pass code in each time he wants to watch something is not going down well. If there is a way to revert back to the previous version I would gladly do it
Cast screen Anytime I try to mirror or cast screen my phone the screen freezes and then says can't connect. The main reason for getting chromecast and the feature doesn't work. The 1st generation is better and more reliable. Don't waste your money on the newer chrome cast... It's garbage
Don't care for the interface I have to say it is very clunky to navigate through the new chromecast app. The very simple connectdisconnect features don't seem to be there anymore. It feal like menu after menu and is a bit confused. To many choices and adds. While I will still use it it will likely be far less because it's such a hassle.
stream is choppy NOV 2015 new hardware has choppy reception with Netflix. total bug. legacy hardware has no latency issues. Glad I kept old one. needs fix.. QUICK BEFORE XMAS GUYS
Why change what wasn't broken Since update has been nothing but trouble. Have to keep logging back in, enter new pin etc. Keeps kicking out.  Problems galore. Please fix
Hot Spot Screencast Since the new update you are unable to hot spot mirror. I don't understand why this feature was taken out. This was the sole purpose of buying the Chromecast. Now it is worthless... If this feature is brought back then it would be changed to a five star review.
Does not work after update I was looking forward to watching my netflix and cable cast on my tv and we spent hours just to get its not compatible this sucks
Doesn't work anymore When I first got it everything was able to cast to it...now my galaxy note 10.1 2014 can't find it, and a message shows no compatible device found when using the chrome app.only had it about 2 weeks. Have factory reset and still no device found, reset WiFi still nothing, and new update has been done....please help
What Happened to Screen Cast So they take away Screen Cast and replace it with data burning, unneeded, and redundant features designed to make more money off of us users If Screen Cast doesn't return soon my Chromecast will wind up in the trash.
Casting freeze For some reason my samsung tab 4  samsung galaxy s3 freezes. The error reads android ui has stopped everytime I use chromecast casting a video from youtube. I don't have this problem casting to a streaming device like roku. Please fix this. It makes resetting my tablet extremely difficult.
