App work twice for me. Was so delighted, it brought me back into the Pizza Hut fold after years.    That is, until the app stopped working every time I try to enter my address now.  So I guess we were never meant to be.... Back to Papa John's
App keeps freezing I was dead set on getting delivery pizza Hut for dinner. Unfortunately the app kept freezing when I was creating an account. Looks like I'll be getting Domino's instead
New phone and now the app doesn't  work. I have always been a big fan of the app.  But I got a new phone and few weeks ago and the app does not work  When I try to log b into my account  it just freezes.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled  several times and no luck.
Going to eat Domino's for the rest of my life App wouldnt let me enter my address. I tried 5 times. Entered my full address then hit Submit and the app would freeze every single time on my Note 5. Im Uninstalling and I'm going to only eat Domino's forever.
Fix the bugs Too much lag was my main issue.  It would also be very helpful if the app had a more user friendly experience. Try taking a tip from Domino's
Convenient but ... Out only works properly about half the time. Today I had to log in and place the order three times. Often it tells me my store is not available or doesn't have the items I want. Often gets hung up on the final screen to place offer. Click on buttons to order items or specials and button didn't work. I use it anyway, but always with much aggravation.
Like even else crashes within 1 screen on note 5 Seriously a corporation can't make a pizza app that works.  Just hire some 16 year old who knows what the hell they're doing
Freezes on my samsung note 5 I had this app on my galaxy s 5 and had no issues I upgraded my phone to a note 5 and now I can't log in it always freezes
It freezes When I am about to check, the screen won't scroll down or shift to the payment page. The side menu works. Also the address won't display the apartment number at the check out please address those issues
Tell me the wait time before I order It never fails that I place my order and then it tells me the wait time is an hour or more.  Tell me that before I order.  Not ordering from pizza Hut again.
When working it's great Hasn't worked great but maybe once.  And we order weekly.
Worst pizza app ever I used to love the old Pizza Hutt app the first one. This one and the one prior are garbage. You should fire the team that wrote this. 20 minutes to order ridiculous.
App used to work. Two months later and even with an update it still doesn't work on my note 4.  The app freezes when logging in or doing a zip code search.  I guess I'll try back in a couple more months, but until then, the dominoes app works fine.  Used to be a 5 star app.
JUNK CAN'T EVEN GET PAST THE SIGNUP PAGE BECAUSE IT FREEZES UNINSTALLING 
WTF When I try to create an account, it freezes up. Can you please fix this problem for me Thank you I just downloaded this app and I'm already having problems with it. Please don't forget to fix this problem for me and I will give you more stars if you do. Thank you. .
Great customer service I'm giving this app 1 star only because every time I attempt to create an account when I get to the security question it freezes force closes gives no other option attempted to do it as a guest enter address click Continue same result app freezes no other choice have sent two reports about the problems no response back to either issue
Poorly made app App is very poorly made and designed. Lags and crashes on my new Samsung S6 Edge. Can't even sign in to my account, enter a delivery address, or access any type of menu without it freezing let alone place an actual order. Download the Domino's app and take some notes. I guess I'll just be ordering from them from now on.
Samsung Galaxy Note 5...still app doesn't work This app worked and works perfectly on my previous android devices. However it does not work properly on my current device. The app freezes automatically. It will not allow me to sign in nor will I'm able to do anything. Please fix this issue for Samsung Galaxy Note 5.
Never loads Always slow, and never able to place order. Always have to go to main website or call in order.
Crashed Used to work fine. Now crashes when placing an order.  Galaxy Note 4   UPDATE 102715 Installed latest version. Still does not work. Locks up on sign in. Based on other reviews,  this app  is apparently no longer compatible with the Galaxy Note phones.
Useless No matter what you try to do it locked up, order, lock up, create an account, lock up, when they fix it it may be good but now it is useless
The app is not userfriendly and always freezes. I think I have had a problem with every single version of the pizza Hut that they have released. For being the biggest pizza chain you would think it would be better. Take some advice from donatos mobile ordering. Much much better experience.
Lags terribly Used to work for awhile then just stopped working, could not get past doing a simple carry out order. Garbage app
