Money Is this a joke When i dont have money the tornament and he guardin is impossible and the survival is hard SO HOW CAN I GET MONEY and i don't Want to BUY money. Give a daily challenge or give everyday
Shadow fight Thanks for the police station and a lot more than a year ago by the time to do with my friends and family members and the rest of my life and death of a few years ago and have been in the morning and evening of my favorite part was the first time in my life and the
Got reset on its own I was in interlude  experrience 53nbut the game got reset on its own and where is the backup it is neither restoring which it did before and jot this time so do I have to play all of it again please help. Cause I am not gonna play all of it again
Unfortunately, Shadow Fight 2 has stopped Force Closed galaxy j5 and now i cant play this game. please fix it. Btw its a great game before
data  lost i have changed  my  phone and all my  progress  gone  even  when  I login  Facebook  and  google game no thing change .i want my progress  back please
Speed This game is really fun but while playing shadows attack speed feels noticably slower than that of the oponents, that coupled with lots of hits that should have made contact but didnt make it hard to play and frustrating at times, fix these and without a doubt I would give the game a 55
What to do   I've reached incubator survival and experience level 50. But challenge and tornament are impossible and in survival one hit takes all the health. I cant win in any round
It sucks big time Wtf So disappointed. Whenever i open the game without net it starts from zero and i cant even load game progress from google play.. Whats the use of such game.
Why If you won't solve the problem then at least create a backup system so that people can solve issues WITHOUT having to restart the game cuz I just reached the interlude and dont wanna go back
No payout, GIVE US MORE FREE GEMS AT LEAST 1,000 A DAY I would give more stars if all the free jem stuff actually pays out, I've downloaded 7 apps with all saying a 24 gem pay and received nothing even half the adds don't pay out, please give me what I've earned it's at least 200 jems and lynx is SOOOOOOO OP take the bomb out and have it so he doesn't hit like a truck when all gear is upgraded till having to pay jems
Good game, but crashes every time I'd give this game a 5 star, if only I could run it. I've played it for 2 hours and found it quite fun and addictive, but not being able to run it anymore on a brand new device is just... cheap.
Titan blue shield and blood rage enchantments Seriously You want us, from us I mean the gamers to keep on fighting with Titan and get defeated because of his unbreakable enchantments. For heaven's sake please make the game enjoyable not a mental illness. I loved this game but now it is just.... You know. From 5 stars to 1.
