Too many notifications despite turning notifications OFF Disabled notifications and still gets continuous notifications... even about people on my friends list that they are on the so but I've know for forever. Uninstall then reinstalled so that I can talk to my friend bc this is the only way he can communicate over seas. But I uninstall after every call.
Really It keeps saying mobile id not available m shuts down if it doesn't say that the app won't just move from the home screen what's the problem
Calls and messages Messages come 20 mins after it was sent and if someone calls it doesn't come in at the same time it just lags
I wish I could  give 10 Oops  ur registration was not complete .  Check  ur Internet  connection ... i downloaded road riot  and its a cool  game and friends play it but need tango  to send  keys and compare  results .. tried  uninstalling installing several  times .  Tried local  connection  .. connection  at gym and 4g . At friends house still nothing always tell me to check  my connection .. buggy app as hell .  Fix ur damn app . Sao Paulo  brasil
Update is bad It keeps telling me to connect with a network and I'm sure I am but it doesn't let me log in. Plus the update version is really bad mingling is not as fun anymore. U can't tank users for liking ur pics n posts anymore and I can't log in anymore.
Update make worst After last update game not working. Also some time your voice reach to other person after 1 min
Not letting me play games. My Tango is updated. I tried to play games while on a call and it won't let me, my screen just turns black, but my friend says theirs works. Please fix
Privacy Needs more privacy... Dun share personal info to other ppl we dun noe
The worst This app doesn't even deserve one star it just keep getting worse after each upgrade and has a very high CPU usage causing lagging and forceful shutdown of my device. Can you provide some information as to why the incoming call feature changed. By breaking the UI consistency you would lose users. Please fix immediately
Irritating I did download Tango apps but I m confused how it's works. When I dial or connect friends dial tone is not  ringing in friends mobile. but IMO is more simple and easy than Tango. Please assist me how it's work properly.
Not good. I thought this was like Skype. I did not realize it was more like a dating service. This was supposed to be for my friends and family, not the rest of the world. I even changed the settings on here, but I still get random people I do not know. Am uninstalling this.
Don't be fooled All the good reviews are from ages ago when this app actually made video calls. Its hit. Nothing works as it should. The whole app market is pathetic. App developers have really turned into a bunch of incompetent pathetic idiots. Amazing how many versions it takes just to make a garbage app.
Use to be my favorite App The app shuts off after 3 min of use, I can't block people, I can't contact my mom, and I can't access my road riot. This is my 7th time contacting you guys about this issue and no one as contacted me back or solved my issues. Where is Tito the Tango Rep. Tito is professional and efficient, he helped me speedily. I don't know how this app went from great to horrible but its sad.
Upgrade doesn't work You guys say you added people nearby back, but its not there. Should've left the app alone.  If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Photos don't load Like the app with the exception of the photos not loading. Not sure why this happens but it is extremely aggravating.
