Can't even load on 3G App doesn't load news even on 3G here in India.  Developers need to fix this issue.
WTF The app was good but the updates keep getting more worse,the timely notifications are there but when I enter the app,the feed is atleast 10a days old..Seriously WTF
Garbage This app is good for notifications, but that's it. Don't try clicking on them to read more because it will just force close. This app is a stale turd sandwich.
Notifications The notifications are horrible, they get sent out so late it's ridiculous. This morning I barely got the notification that the Cardinals won last night. Plus right now I got a notification about Kevin Durant possibly returning tonight even though the game had started already and he was already playing. Fix the notifications and it'll get 5 stars.
Alerts and news notifications are useless Alerts come so long after they're relevant they're completely useless. I get the scoring updates the whole next morning after the games are over Also opening a notification only takes me to the app rather than opening the article. Clicking the share option in the notification does absolutely nothing. WTF are you doing to this app
Buggs with the last update Probably one of my favorite apps  I've been using br for years without any problems. However this last update has given me a ton of trouble. I can open the app but none of my feeds will load even though I'm still getting all the br notifications. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but I'm still having the same problem. Really want to get this fixed seeing as I don't like or want to use the ESPN  thescore apps. Easily a 5 star app if this problem can get fixed
Crashes during startup I loved this app, used to work great. But since the last update and for the last two days when I open it, it crashes before startup is complete. I uninstalled and reinstalled it and still the same issue comes up. I receive the updates, but the app does not open fully. Please let me know what I can do. I really need this app to work.
Some problems, to say the least. Vines are half cut off 95 of the time, videos won't load, commenting is difficult and glitchy, it also doesn't load embedded pictures most of the time and for some reason has trouble loading multiple tweets. The hockey coverage is pretty damned awful too. Other than that its fine for keeping up with the score of games, at least when its not eating up so much ram that it lags your phone and can't load the updates. Its getting worse and worse with each update.
Best sports news app I havent had any problems until now. Ever since the new update when I try to open the app it says the app has stopped working. Please send out an update with a fix to thus problem. Could give 5 stars again once I can get some support on the issue.
Not working Articles were not refreshing so I reinstalled  the app. But it is now not showing any articles. I have chosen many topics but none appearing. The bleacher report website is also not working.  Is bleacher report now banned in India
After the new update, it will not allow me to open the app. It keeps saying unfortunately br team has stopped before this problem great app.
best to worst bleachers report used to be my goto app until lately the app has become a complete waste of memory on my phone.i get notifications but the feeds won't refresh at all.wish there was a way to install the previous versions but switching to espn, yahoo seems to be the only option now.shame
Previous two updates. The last two updates have ruined it. For one reason only. I can't see the headlines anymore. I open the app and there are no headlines to select. Please, fix this.
Uninstalling if prob not solved I have speedy wifi but this app keeps on loading and doesnt even display a single news even after the loading finishes All i get to see is the dark background with nothing in it
Ok The app is great when it works. The article never load when click on it. And my notifications are REALLY REALLY late. I just got the notification the Cardinals are at halftime in a game they played last night. Please fix
