Great potential but serious technical issues Love the concept. Scanned and loaded all my prescriptions and then can't get past the Login screen.  Just cycles in a hard loop each time you enter login and password.  Tried everything,  clearing caches,  uninstalling and reinstalling,  etc.  Very frustrated.
Could sign got new phone and can not sign again sad for I really liked this app
Aarp carezone It won't even allow me to register.
Worst app ever every time u click it u have to log on then reg it then won't let u in because already registered it stupid
Refuses to let me log in. Refuses to take .my email address Same as above
Worst app ever Won't  take my email address.  Tells me it is invalid.  Uninstalled and reinstalled thinking I did something wrong. It was not me. Unusable app.
Cannot log in Will not let me log in. Unable to use app. Second try. No support.
AARP RX After being shut out of my AARP account for hours, finally at 1129 pm it let me log in.
Aarp Can't get into website and save pictures of meds
Aarp carezone rx app Downloaded app on galaxy s5 a time but can't sign in. Get message already have account for my email use care zone app to sign in. Help.
Charles Byrne Using my CORRECT EMAIL ADDRESS AND PASSWORD TO access this application you will not let me sign in what is your problem   
Major BUG in app It says my email address is already registered, but tells me it is invalid when I try to log on. I tried to set up an account again but same message Caught in a loop This app is unusable.
Sign in is in a loop. Wasting my time. Uninstall and look for another.
Beware If you forget your password and have to reset, you will lose all your inputted info. VERY unacceptable.
To much information I hate this system I hate your program remove me from your site
Bad app Keeps saying I have already registered an account when I try to log in but won't let me log in with the account I created. The same error on two different devices running lollipop
Carezone Wont dl to my lg optimus 7stressing
