If it works Well its Big billion day today and seems like FK marketing guys have outperformed the DevOps... they managed to bring more crowd than their server could handle..once again I have been trying to buy some accessories for around 10 hours..tried 50 times...the products section didn't open once..am on a 3G network with Mi redmi note ph if you are interested to know...
No delivery option.. I chose an ethnic dress for my sis, but it said delivery option not available at the provided pin code.. So I tried around 25 pin codes of different areas in banglore but the result was still the same.. I just couldn't buy the dress 
I am a regular online purchaser.I have even purchased NIKON D3200 through online in flipkart.Recently because of it's volume of sale increased,the servicepromisr to customer decreased.Flipkart never takesback the damaged item as they promisr. The downfall is not far off,it is approaching very soon.
Can't rely on the App The aap doesn't load most of the time. There is a sale and I have not been able to check a single product. Can't blame the network as have tried Airtel 4G as well. If you don't have the products or the technical support please don't put up Sales
Not Happy It's not big billion days. Name it Out Of Stock Days... I have tried to buy the items early morning. Around 830 am.. If u place 2 3 item automatically it will be out stock
You guys are sending used products I have bought so many items from flipkart,, but 1 thing i have observed is that, you guys are sending used items that too specially electonic goods,, for your info i have recieved a tablet which worked only for 5 to 6 months and a trimmer which worked for only 1 shave.. people please be careful in purchasing electronic goods over here...
Zero star If possible i would give zero star for your app performance. You people advertise so much for big billion days. But not working for app improvement. I am trying to open the app but it shows unknown error. Its been 56 hours showing this. What are you doing now. Make some change.
No use of flipkart first service From few days I am not able to see any product with one day delivery which is free for flipkart first customers. For every purchase I have wait longer to get it. There is absolutely no use of this service.
Pls check price list online other shopping side Dear Pls check ur price list because so many time I m compare ur and other online shopping side price I found ur rate is high and ur 50 70 discount is just a joke because same time I have checked same model another side price is very different so Pls don't play with ur customer
Improper Order tracking details My order was at mumbai and tracking details was updated up to tamilnadu only, no message and nothing, before 2 days of expected delivery, got call directly from delivery boy that your order is returned as there is no person available for collection. Please please improve tracking and delivery prediction.
Big billion day sucks I am trying to access the app from the morning but not is opening up except the error page .. Don' t put down offer if you cannot handle it...
Trying order Armaf deodorant from last two days, but after clicking on buy now I am getting error web page not available.  This is not only for armaf deodorant i tried some products as well but every time getting the same error.
Wish I could believe you If you really cared for your customers, you wouldn't have made billion day offer app only. No matter what I touch, the result is error on page. I wouldn't have had to face this if I were allowed to access through my laptop. Edit I tried buying a laptop for 35000. As soon as I placed order, the price changes to 37000. Wtf
I had ordered a mobile phone micromax bolt 339, within 10days it's camera stopped working and then it's video is not working I went to service centre they're charging for that do flipkart sell defective product
Duplicate products and unavailabity of products in big cities like bilaspur Every item is not delivering by flipkart at least in big cities like bilaspur chattisgarh.Duplicate products has delivered by the seller.Flipkart should have to take responsibility for these matters because costumer want original product isteed of refund or replacement.
Poor poor ping option The new ping option shares product to any one..the product was shared with someone without confirmation.. I don't find an option of sharing via Whatsapp..really disappointing
Totally disappointed Recently ordered  sandisk 16 GB pen drive on COD whereas got only 14.5 GB storage capacity pen drive  now can not return since no refund for COD mode , being cheated straight away.
Worst and worst FLIP KART  I warn you that you go lose in market due to your rules. You people are thinking that you are ruling the market but you will lose the market by your PROUDNESS. from now I am not going to buy any thing from your your site.
Big billion day 3 I am opening the app since 12 am and till 8.30 the big billion day hasn't updated on the mobiles and accessories section. Every time I open it, it shows error.
Wishlist and category are not accessible Even wishlist and category are not displayed, everytime it shows please  try after some time Better u guys keep website  also open for this big billion day
Why have you guys made this app when you don't know how to maintain it I'm not able to open this app for like a week do something or sell your company because you can't handle it...... Beyotch
Bogous......due to its promo activity flipkart is now flopkart.....sry to say but it is.......no sence of big billlion day...as it not allow the users to even browse the app...offers are there bt for old stock clearence... as present era role n model stock are totally ruined from app..jst in suo moto for clearence....pathatic exprince it was last year and it is now..
Should deliver products at north eastern states too.. plzz make sure every customer gets the opportunity to get benefited by ths app. Instead of investing so much money in ads, plz make sure that u invest some money to reach every customer present in every corner of india
Big billion sale shitt Each n every thing with big discount is out of stock. If you don't have enough stock for India, don't call it india's biggest sale.
Not have much exciting offers I got a 16 gb class 10 memoricard 195 on ask me bazaar which is 350 on flipkart, shopcluse also have more offers than flipkart
totaly fake in Mobile sag ment I want to purchase one mobile but every phone and every model same massage this phone not available in this pincode each n every model may will be available only for metro cities not others m from varanasi.....
Big billion fail Couldn't buy a single thing.. As per app on my mobile offers for mobile n accessories will be tomorrow since past two days. Nothing updated in the app.
Slowest Buying Process M trying to buy sdcard bt... I got nothing on selecting buy now... M totally fed up of dis.. so m giving it only 2 star
Notifications This app is bypassing the block imposed on its notifications.  Don't understand how did they manage to do so.   Update I've been doing the same as mentioned in comment for the past 3 days
Keeps on giving error It doea not load and keeps on giving error try again later where as at the same time amazon and snapdeal works so no issues with the network connection
Big out of stock day Jst fooling us abt big billion days all the prodts is out of stock and the offers is not so good in compare to another sites so plz stop fooling us.
Stopped delivery I don't know why you guys stopped delivering to my town on your sale day. May be you are getting too many customers. You should block your app too on our devices.
Your app sucks Glad to know we can choose products with the help of availability by pin code..... When am putting the same... I can see result's... I can those products are deliverable..... But after choosing it description says can't deliver to this pin code...... Some kind of joke or what
I am simply not able to view the contents of my cart. Each time i tap on the  cart icon, i get a drop down list which does not give me the info i want.
