The new layout is a mistake I liked this app very much, but due to the new layout, the excellent synthetic preview for all days with each day in one line is gone on tablets at least. Please bring it back
Bad update I didnt use the tablet version because I hated it, now Im forced to and it is awful, please allow people to choose. The old layout was perfect, it gave you an hour by hour view, this gives you nothing but a vague graph
Weather pro Update 19112015 has lost me the rain radar why oh why do companies bugger up a good app Thank you meteo, I will have to look for another app now.
Was good. After update would not work on android. Company expects you to solve problem they caused, obviously update not properly tested. Would not buy again.
Hate the new layout I've used weather pro for several years, but I'm going to find something else now. The new layout is far too busy and it's much harder to work out ifhow much it's going to rain. Bring back the old ui please, at least as an option.
Really bad layout, destroyed the app Upset with new update.  Used to love this app because of the vast amount of info in a beautiful layout. Now it's just that data all stacked into a page. For that I can just go to a website...
Don't like the new version at all. Very difficult to get a quick picture of the weather. Far too cluttered.
new tablet UI is a step back i used it on a tablet with the phone UI. it was much better. now i cannot see radar data at a glance and can't reorder the graphs.
my 12 months subscription for 4.99 expired and now you want twice as much 9.99 for another year  Loved it, now hate it, uninstalled
New update is horrible Why did you have to go and change the layout  of this app. I don't want to know what the weather is like in other countries  so I certainly  don't want to see them on the main screen and that stupid cart for the temperature, please change it back or given the option  so I can change it back myself . I can see I won't be renewing  the premium when it runs out
Please don't mess I've been a fan of Weather Pro for a long time but this is a classic case of if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Definitely slower to load  UI is not as intuitive. Stop messing with something that worked just fine.
New update has done the opposite I've had the premium app on my HTC one android for years, and have mainly used the graphs, to see clearly how each element of the forecast varies each day. Since last week's update the graphs don't show precipitation probability or amount for me. I like to check various towns nearby before I go hill walking, but now can't see if I'm likely to get wet. Used to be 5 stars, currently down to 2 stars. I hope you guys at Meteo Group can fix this.
No weather radar on Galaxy S5. Why update something before checking it works Please sort ASAP
Von 5 auf 3 auf 2 Sterne Mit jedem Update wird einem ein anderes Layout aufs Auge gedrckt Leider wird es jedes Mal unbersichtlicher.
Useless 0.20 and I still feel ripped off.  Most options in the app just point you to buying premium subscription.  I would prefer interface entirely disabled instead of pointing you to premium. I don't want to learn what functions I'm allowed to use in your app. Wakelock detector showing way too much activity close to 200 over 18 hours next highest is system UI at under 50. No options to slow it's update frequency. Uninstalled
Widgets disappear I've been using this app since years premium  but lately the widgets don't work anymore. Dragging it on the home screen, set the location etc, click OK and it disappears. Any ideas Samsung Galaxy S5 latest software update. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Also with the new update no widgets on the homes screen possible
Just look out the window Absolutely useless, the forcast changes so often it makes the whole app pointless, it's like changing a bet as the winner crosses the line.  Hasn't got a single prediction further than a couple of hours right yet....
Summary not accurate ages Currently hiding in my van from rain that's been on going for the last 2 hours, summary says it's sunny. App seems to not have been as accurate over the last 6 months. Probably won't renew my subscription next time.
Paid app with ads Contains lots of menu items and hints and nagscreens for stuff you can't use but could if you paid monthlyyearly. Thats essentially ads. WHAT I HATE EVEN MORE IS READING THAT STUPID STANDARD RESPONSE FROM THE DEV regarding pro is not premium  that they put under every critique. YOU DIDN'T GET IT Nobody wants to pay to receive your ads I sadly can't get a refund anymore.
Don't buy Pay for the app but still unable to use a lot of its features as you need to pay a monthly fee Don't offer a so called pro app version if you need to pay more to get the full potential of the app to make it different from offers
