Not reliable For three days it said my daughter was 45 miles north, when in fact she was home. It never did find her when she was 65 miles north, then when she gets home it did as I mentioned
 When I was at school my parents looked on the app and it told them I was out in the middle of the state when I actually wasn't. It freaked my parents out and then my dad used Google device locater to find out I was in fact where I was supposed to be. I do not suggest this app if you always need to know exactly where your family is.
Good to break up couples It is often only accurate to a five mile radius. It also shows a person traveled without moving.
Used to work well Retracting previous glowing review. App stopped finding my husband unless he opens his app manager, pulls this one up, and clears the cache. Daily.
Never works It doesn't update location even after several hours. This is no good when I want to check my daughter is still where she says she is.
DUD APP App has issues. Only person it can pinpoint is me. Everyone else on my list apparently has their location turned off according to this app. Not true since my husband has his location turned on. He has the app too. Doesn't work for him either. Shame its a dud
not good for me location is often incorrect.  not a must have for me, but since it mostly give the wrong location, I don't need it.  thanks
Does Not Work I tried repeatedly to get this app to work. It doesn't email a code to activate a family member. Completely useless
Completely inaccurate Have been using this for a week now and it always says my wife is miles from where she is actually at. She is at home most of the time. We use Glympse to view each others location and this cm family app is completely inaccurate.
NEVER MY PHONE NEVER HAS  DIFFICULTY IN LOCATING WHERE I AM BUT IF MY OWN PHONE CAN NOT LOCATE ME THEN HOW CAN MY MUM            AND HOW CAN I TELL MY MUM THE CODE WHEN I DON'T HAVE IT MYSELF
Had to taste 2 stars to review This is crap  You can't use satellite to view maps   and u can't see history either.  I keep track at all of the person.  This sucks  Waste of time
Not working What the hell,i installed application but its not opening....i have cm security which is the best ever anti virus app.but locate family....it just not opening.could anyone fix this or I should uninstall this...
A CRAP APP I live in Pittsburgh and this app shows me in New York and still shows that my wife and daughter hasn't accepted the invitation to join me even though they have. DON'T WASTE YOUR PHONE MEMORY ON THIS CRAP APP
Don't work When I used it through cm security it worked fine,but now it won't even update others location  Deleting
Unacceptable Lag Reporting Position My wife and I ride our bikes to work. Last week I was freaking out because this app showed my wife half way to work 40 minutes after she was supposed to be at work. I tried calling her but got VM. I called her work to see if she made it and she had been there 40 minutes. All that stress for nothing. P.O.S.
Great concept but Technically very bad app,it never updates location,it shows a message relocating successfully but always shows wrong locations of family. Resolve it and get 5 stars.
Chip  Fortune This app is only accurate occasionally.  Never updated.  Relocate function doesn't have any effect.
Doesnt track Its always stuck in a location and won't refresh and update.  It always has the wrong time when someone leaves and arrives.  About a half hour behind.
Issue's Was working good for a month. Now it keeps showing family elsewhere when they are home. I uninstalled and reinstalled it. Same. Please fix.
 Avoid this app.  Way to much access required for what it is.  And it dont work correctly.  I think someone has spent more effort trying to get your info than making this work .
Not good VERY difficult and confusing process for adding family members. When you invite them,  they get a link to Playstore to install the app. What happened to the invite codes Also,  the perimeter alerts don't work. As an example... App says it will alert me when a family member arrives at school, but It doesn't.
Ok It was absolutely perfect when it was in CM Security. Now again a different whole new app. Hope it will be in the CM Security asap.
Confusing As title of app suggests family finder could really work it out to find out family instead it gets access to my mobile phone camera call details images my privacy is getting ready to be public by this app
