Paid for the app Paid for the app now buy addons for it these games are costing more than platform games when your all said an down.  Better off buying a 500 dollar PS4 an 65 dollar game it be cheaper.
crap im using a quad core tablet. over 5 force closes in 5 minutes of play time. you can buy a full batman game for less then this pile of garbage. shame on gameloft. pretty graphics dont make good games.
VERY DISSAPOINTED This was my 1 Game on my Note 3. I upgraded to a Better Note 4, downloaded this HUGE GB, TDKR Game  it won't even Open. It attempts to Open  Immediately Force Closes. I've emailed Gameloft several times  I have received Zero Response. I spent  on this game  now I can't even play it. Get you Crap together Gameloft.
Won't open on my Asus MeMO pad 8 This game deserves between 4 and 5 stars but I can't open it without it crashing Please fix and I will change my rating.
Closes at startup Update from original post...STILL BROKEN    Brand new Galaxy S5 with 8Gb of available space. All software updated. Android version 5.0.  Game doesn't even get past startup process before errors out with Unfortunately TDKR has stopped. Nothing else before I am kicked back to the home page.
Won't start at all Crashes when starting first level, tried reinstalling a few times and clearing cache etc but it just crashes as soon as the first cut scene begins every time Nexus 6 running 5.1.
TDKR I'm sorry I purchased this game because of the in app purchases. Also the lock picking is kind of hard and is difficult to advance to the next level.
Love it but theres a stupid glitch i cant get past When i throw the rock at the buttons that it tells me too hit it dosent do anything so im stuck
Why I cant use my jet and motorcycle freely, only in the mission can use Pls fix it
Frustrating lack of control Was going OK but now have reached a stage where all controls vanish so can't make any more progress.
Low game play There is no diversity in the game no diversity on levels. From the beginning the character just runs stupidly in Gotham streets in searching of more stupid missions. It's my first game that I'm buying, so i had to finish the game but honestly i haven't felt that I'm playing a different level,the first and the last level are exactly the same.
Meh It only takes you like 3 days to complete the whole game and the story is so short but free roaming is the best. The cost is way too expensive and the story is ok. But I can't restore my save which Is bs
WAY TOO MUCH MEMORY 2 gigs is a hell of a lot of memory for a phone. I can't even download it on my LG Optimus L9 because of how big it is. Please fix aka condense. It was a great game.
 My god, this game wont download it says insufficient space on external storage. Does the same for other Gameloft games.
I paid for this game an tried it on 3 different devices and it doesn't work I've sent numerous messages trying to contact Google and nothing what a rip off 6.99 to just take up a whole lot of dam space smh you suck was not gonna write a review but since yous won't even fix or refund issue here it goes HORRIBLE business
couldn't even get past the first mission because of a glitch where the controls wouldn't show up. So so so disappointed because it looks really good and I love batman
The game is designed around in app purchases Don't expect to get any of the upgrades without paying for it. Stealth is absolutely broken so don't expect the sneaky Batman. All you do is fight, defuse bombs and save hostages over and over the entire game. I actually beat this today. Story wasn't interesting either.
Crashes or invalid license Bought on sale a while back and still feel cheated.  Will not run on my KitKat tablet.  Runs on Fire TV but can't control it without a Moga controller.  Typical Gameloft.
Nexus 6 running Marshahmallow 6.0 I bought this game for my Nexus 7 second Gen and had no problems. I downloaded this game onto my Nexus 6 and for some reason it gets stuck on 'checking licence', I uninstalled and reinstalled it twice and still the same problem.
I want my money back I tried the game for 5 minutes now I want my money back. The refund policy said 15 minutes to decide whether to keep the game or to recieve a refund. I tried it and it was lagging and it was boring. Now I want my refund but it doesnt give me an option to recive my refund. I WANT MY REFUND OR WERE GOING TO HAVE SOME PROBLEMS.
I paid only 9p and that's too much Only game I've ever bought, and on principal alone still feel like demanding a refund Vile piece of junk best uninstalled. Gameloft produce more junk as time goes on, are you going bust
Unplayable on Nexus 6 Completely unplayable. Every time I try to move, it freezes and skips around. The most powerful phone and it doesn't work.
Good game But I downloaded it on my tablet aswell, which it then charged me again. Which it shouldn't because I was logged in with my account and said I had already bought the app. So have ended up paying 10 for the game but then there's inapp purchases, these types of games just take your money.
Broken mission Overall fun game, but there's one mission that is completely broken and once you start a mission, you can't back out of it. Its the mission when you have to save a group of people from Crane at the court house. The objective is to take out all of the guards, but two of them are stuck inside walls and you can't get to them. If you fix this problem then you'll get a much higher score. But until then my save file is completely useless.
