Always makes email verify App is decent. Does what it should. Needs a widget and also why the hell does it make me email verify every time I open the app It's a freaking thermostat not a bank account Please fix those two things.
What happened Now history playback not working properly All this after the your cameras are overheating nonsense. Do these people even beta there own software Another great service killed by Google.
Incomplete App The camera itself and the installation process is great. The app is horrible and incomplete. The app when using on a tablet or cell phone times out after an hour. You have to hit a try again button to return to viewing. I've contacted support and they said that they are aware of the issue but no estimated time for correction. Without the ability to view continuously, this camera is useless.
Latest update has serious issues Thermostat on Wall says it's online.   However app on phone says offline for 9 hours... Rebooted phone a couple of times.  Same. Please tell me how to reverse latest update.
Needs more work The app has a very poor notification and it also needs a widget for easy switch between home  away.
Split screen 1 star until the basic functionality of being able to view multiple cameras at once is added.
Nice app but... Every time I open the app it forces me to reverify my email address.  Just opening the app can take upwards of 2 minutes....
Buggy versions recently Only synchs with my nest about 40 of the time since the last 2 updates. Get clocking and doesn't show up.
Poor performance Takes far too long to connect to a nest cam on WiFi, often fails. No problem on web.
Slow slow slow... Takes too long to load video. Somehow I need to switch to screen orientation landscape to portrait visa versa for video to load. Still happening to latest update. If you are using it as security camera, then you'll get really frustrated with all the delays...
Just ok It is functional. Would give 5 stars if it had a widget.
Terrible This app used to useful, now it's terrible
Keep asking for verification Keep asking for email verification each time I open the app, and the only way to do that is open it through my email.
Doesn't function like an Android app, and requires everyone connecting to a thermostat to use the same temperature scale
Switzerland is not listed in Europe...
App needs issues fixed Changing settings in the app doesn't work half of the time i.e. rotate image won't work, one camera is stuck on a zoomed image and won't zoom out, recording lights on camera won't turn out could be great if problems were fixed
