Just ads and no content As soon as I open there was a good minute long annoying full volume ad I could do nothing about. Then I clicked category.. again 2 minute ad and then... nothing The category was blank UNINSTALLED
Horrible Just bids uninstalling so use less u could just go on utube
BAD Didn't like it. It was blurt and I don't have bad eye sight.
Only youtube vids 
Ugggllyyy Not only was the layout of the app itself an eyesore, but it spammed with ads as soon as I opened it, and they were long video ads. I couldn't even click on anything. Immediate uninstall.
Good idea but It's a collection of presumably good YouTube video tutorials. But they won't play on my Tegra note 7, and there no way to go direct to YouTube from the app, so not too useful. If next updates change this I'll change my rating. UPDATE it appears that this is a more general problem with android not supporting flash anymore. Still given the app relays heavily on flash content, a workaround should be provided.
No offline play I don't have WiFi. Everwhere I go, and to have to use online service every time I get on Lame. It sucks I have limited 4g use 
What a joke This app is a joke, there's ads every 5 seconds I counted and after every ad you're sent back to the home page of the app. Its entirely unusable, such a piece of trash.
Why Did I gave 1Star I gave 1 star because its videos and I hate it. If I can give 0 star I would
The best free app that doesnt work When i pick videos its just color black nothing is there
I dont like it You mine as well go on YouTube because all its shows is youtubers people showing you how to draw i thought that its show you but it doesn't and you skip to a part .that all the complants i have
Disappointed  There only a collection of YouTube videos to watch, which don't even work I could easily just go on YouTube and watch Mark Crilly without having to get the trouble of video's not working '
No offline I don't have WiFi even though I want it bad
It would never let me watch it. Waste of my time. I don't care how fast it downloaded Plz fix
