What happened This app was 5 stars and free but now I'm getting the no media playback in progress message when using both showbox andor downloaded video to my smart tv. So I went ahead and paid the  to get the premium app and it still won't work like it did before.
What's going on Can't stream youtube, videos on the web, downloaded purchased movies. The only thing that works are photos. Nexus 6. When I play a video it go's through the motions and starts to load then go's back to the roku screen. But on allcast the movie is still active.
Not happy This is the first app I have ever paid for and only a few movies that I had downloaded is what I could watch on my TV and now whatever I download does not seem to be working  feeling cheated having paid for it...
Road xs2 Has not worked on the Roku xs2 for some time, as said before it starts on the Allcast screen on the TV then goes back to the Roku home screen after less than a second. Please fix. As like many, I paid for  this. Please fix as not fit for purpose
DO NOT BUY slow with pictures, sometimes works with songs. Does not work at all with videos. No point wasting your time and money.
No media playback in progress I bought the app but there aren't any differences and I still get pop up ads. I read that you pushed an update on another review but that hasn't seem to do have any effect. I'm using HTC one m8 android 5.0
Not Happy After Allcast update it dose not work for more then a second on my Roku . Would like to know why and how long is going to take to fix it or is it ever going to be fixed. I would of pick my rating on this as a 5 before. Now not even a 1 except I have to pick some thing so I can post
Doesnt work I upgraded it to preumium because i was using it to watch show box movies with my chromecast. After the last update stop working. Is not working for the movies but for anything else is working. Need to be fix or I want my money back
Doesn't see Win 7 media Great idea. But this thing doesn't see my media. My Windows 7 media PC has a second hard drive for videos that is also the only point set as the video library. This app doesn't see the video library at all.
does not work bought the premium app and it can't find my chrome stick. i use chromecast and it finds it fine, but when i try all cast it sticks on trying to find device.
Not everything worked with my roku When I first downloaded this app,  I could watch movies with it via my roku. Now all I that I can view are photos.  Please let me know when they are able to be used together again.
On HTC desire 510 brought the premium version and then I play from phone to tv over WiFi an still shuts down want a refund or fix the problem have the TCL roku smart tv  it's suppose to be compatible for that 1 star playing from show box app
Stopped working.... Come on guys.. What the heck All of a sudden half my movies doesnt have audio This is after a recent update Fix it. Also, why cant i choose which audio stream to play with This is a basic feature of any dvd player
Help. I paid for the full version too cast big files but its not working to my Chromecast, plays small files good. Adjusted bit rate but that had no effect effect.Help..
Not working My all cast app starts to load Xbox video when I am streaming videos from my tablet, then the Xbox video app closes and all cast says no media playback in progress. This has only started recently. It used to be amazing definitely worth five stars now it doesn't work.
Poor Very dissapointed was working great update destroyed it. It keeps foreclosing and won't let me play anything unless it's on my phone already. Sucks just wasted 5 bucks
Unreliable Used to be reliable...  Now isn't working with my ezcast as well as it used to.... Freezing lots and not finding DLNA easy at all. Not impressed
Doesn't work very well for me, hardly at all. Getting a lot of no media playing in the background  not getting a good response from the phone to the TV, can't seem to just pick a episode, hit play and watch it. It takes a few tries to get it going. And some buttons on the phone don't give any response to the episode playing on the TV.
Won't open. The free allcast version is pretty useless.  I was hoping the premium version would work better be able to streamwstch a full movieshow without having it be so choppy but now even tho the app is showing in my phone I cannot open it. Any suggestions here Or can I get my 5.39 back
Trouble I purchased the liscense but with every videomovie ive tried it still only lets me see 15 minutes of it and then it shuts off ...for a paid app there should be a big distinctive fix between 15 minutes and the full videos using with my samsung galaxy 4 casting to xbox one....edit 91914 now it no longer recognizes or detects my xbox one....i paid for this app ...when i have to pay for an app i expect for it to work .........edit 92014 i tried it again today still not working
Hey what happened  Free version worked just fine, purchased premium version and it keeps saying no playback video found No play icon Help or refund me
Used to be good Not sure what happened but everything on allcast lags now from Dropbox. Used to work great. I know it's not internet since this is the only thing I use that lags now.
