Many problems One issue will only show speed limit if have a destination loaded. Such a rubbish nav system. Poor choice by Holden to team with.
Stick to Google Maps Google maps offers so much more and its free. No up to date traffic.  Voice over stops the music playing.  Maps are also way out of date.
Fail 72 to download to my phone, then if my wife wants GPS in the truck she has to download it to her phone at a further 72. This is a fail. Unless there is a solution I dont know about
Stupid app won't let me register. Why would holden pick bring go
Yep holden definetly screwed up here i had nothi g but problems i changed my password for it to continue to tell h me its incorrect how many times do i need to change this. And also when i do i takes forever to load.  Not happy  holden  needs to get a better provider
Don't waste your money. Maps need upgrading. Internet search doesn't work. Shame on GM for adopting this platform. You can only look at POI around your own gps location. Volume while interfaced with MyLink is too quiet. Won't install NZ maps. The flag icon for Australian maps is the NZ flag Insulting national pride. When the problems are fixed, reset my map subscription back to day 1.
Waste of money 25,000 on a new car yet I need to spend 65 on the app to use in my brand new car. Holden.....you need to tell people the cost. It doesn't just cost 0.99. Misled and the app never works anyway. Google maps for us
Bringo Bringo is the biggest mistake Holden has made. It worked for me for one week, from that point I haven't been able to open the app. Habitually reporting the problem has got me absolutely no help or support. Absolute joke.
Dont buy I bought the app it won't link with my Holden Colorado I would advise ppl not to waist thier money on this app just go out and buy a navigator from the shops on a Sony z5
Nexus 5 Did not work great with android 5  not at all with 6.
Bringo, is data intensive, slow and have an overall poorly designed data architecture, with an outdated interface design, perhaps why the offer the short term license.   Would rate 0 if I could
Ripped off What is wrong with google maps its free and works great   why did holden put bringo in my ute , to make more money out of us of course
Why Holden Why Installed bringo on my android to use with my new Mylink system not really impressed but it worked, dealer told me that i will have to pay a small fee to buy the license once the trial expired, didnt tell me it would be over 70 Far to expensive for everything google maps can do without any price tag
Expensive Buy a new car expecting maps to be included like any other new car and find you have to pay an outstanding amount for it to continue ridiculous, never used it, Google maps is free remember, why would I want to pay the amount requested, too expensive.
Just downloaded on my phone and this application refused to load. Looks like full version is out of the question.
Can't even navigate  to a town centre Ok maybe this app can go to a town centre and not need a specific address but can somebody tell me how
Purchased trial of this app today to use with Smart Link in my new car, but it  doesn't work at all . Message on phone says that license has expired.  Not keen to buy full app at all
Still has issues Still cannot register an account on a telstra device. Fix this so I can register and use the app and maybe then it will get a better rating
Won't be buying subscription After trying for a month to get this to load so that I could use it with my car. It finally loaded only to tell me that my subscription has expired and I would need to pay 50 to use the app. I will be making a point of telling holden australia they need a better app to associate with as this one is ridiculous.
Won't work at all... Registered for an account and app tells me that 'may have entered an incorrect email address', even tried the forgot password link and to register an account again. Paid for an app i can't even log in to, let alone use
Crappy app...use Google maps The directions are solid....but cant stop voice directions....I have silenced the voice guidance, but the guidance still interrupts the ipod thru usb, so now alI get avout a 10 second silence...just poor design...at least Google maps or a NavMan doesnt screw with the music. Save your money
GARBAGE 1. Requires email and password to operate app each time as well as pairing Bluetooth phone. 2. Required to pay for trial version. 3. Consistent with previous feedback, app password continually not recognised. The app owner can't or wont rectify password issue but continues to take peoples money. Holden spent millions on advertising this feature, but it continues not to deliver. Don't waste your time and money.
Bringo Bringo will not let me renew my account. Cannot use navigation in my Holden Colorado 7. Wish i bought an Isuzu MUX with inbuilt satnav. Fed up with Bringo will be purchasing a Tomtom for navigation.
The dealer won't tell you how bad this system is Bought a new Holden, download app, no trial period just like everyone else. Got a automatic response from bringgo. Working now, but don't expect voice commands, just an annoying pause in the audio. ETA is always way out of accuracy. If only I had done my homework before buying a Holden with this rubbish third party system. Now I've got to fork over money for a system I'm stuck with. Not happy.
Bought today and expired today  Zero star Why holden chose to partner with you is a mystery.. your app keep disconnecting me saying license expired. I purchased today and it is meant to give me 30 days of PAID trial. Holden if you're reading this pls get google maps.
Sorry but its crap Expensive. .. gives directions after you have past the intersection. .. doesn't show traffic and roadworks.. you need to know the suburb before it finds the street useless when you dont know the area.. crashes on my s5... had to pay for a trial ... slow to find a route and if it needs to re route you have to pull over to let it catch up otherwise it never does... sticking with free google maps.. holden dropped the ball on this one
Won't let me log in to join, just bought a colorado and is frustrating not being able to try out the sat navigation system because this won't let me sign up
Samsung galaxy s4 I thought my phone was compatible but no to my vf commodore and I want to upgrade to s6 edge don't have much confidence in this app
