Notifications can't be switched off. Will make life hell. Everything else is alright and the app provides new based on your interests. But the worst thing about the app is that the notifications alerts can't be switched off. Whenever I try, it says there is some error an it hasn't been switched off. Pls try again. I get 15 notifications every 15 mins and its insanely irritating. Client ID 825390242
ur app is not working properly in my mobile and i am not getting any update for andorid m after complaint u for so many days
Better before update Hi Newshunt Team...The application was better before updation. Earlier it was easy to see read books. I didn't find the updation useful. Regards Jas
Previous version was more convenient nd useful than this version. ..categorisation is not too good as it was in previously. ..
App stopped unfortunately honor holly. Android 4.4. In app only newspaper opened. eBook are not opened app stopped unfortunately. what should i do. I purchased so many books.
Getting stopped. when  I am opening this app it is showing a notification containing  unfortunately, daily hunt has stopped. Then application automatically stops.
There is no instant notification for updated news,which was earlier provided in Newshunt. In this regard I wrote a mail but no answer I received till date. My Client ID is  733978728.
don't want Hitler's modi news in bihar elections result shows how respect pm. they create there own rules in market which distroy middle class family lyf. i request in this app should shows everything except modi
Language problem I have selected hindi news but this app is showing some different language, which I couldn't read it..  So please fix it.
I don't like this app from the time of his new updatenew update means from the time of his name change. New update not useful for anything specially for books and also you can't be able to download the book or can't be able to check your book cart which you had added in past.
Slower then expected No news fully loads due to ads. Even on 3G and i think its a failurefor 2g. A big failure
