Ingredients listed The app did not mention that one of the burritos had guacamole in it. This is a pleasant surprise for most people. Unfortunately, I'm allergic to avocados. This meant that after 2 bites of burrito I was feeling sick for the rest of the night. Thanks, taco bell, for putting me at risk by not including avocado as a listed ingredient or as one of your allergy options. To summarize, y'all are trash.
Getting there... Navigation is a bit of a chore with the vertical layout.  The menu itself still takes way too long to load even on WiFi my main problem with the app.  Also, please make drink orders default to medium.
No different than walking in Yes you order and pay with your phone.   Once you arrive, hit the I'm here button literally saves you 1 maybe 2 min.   I was expecting to order, show up, and get my food.   Instead I show up and wait as though I stood in line an ordered
Combos Stop making a large drink required to add a combo deal to your order Honestly it's not how the combos work in store and I don't want a large drink with 3 tacos No one is that thirsty This is so frustrating.
Dumb app Doesn't work, no matter what type of credit debit card you use you can't get the 50 off deal and I used a visa,  the slowest And most useless app ever.
Slow..... The menus take forever to load and it really makes me mad that when I pull up the app and a new version is available I have to use my data to downli ad it at that very moment or not use app at all
Worst app I've ever used Terrible app, it freezes all the time and kicks you out of your order. Also it will show offers then the orders disappear.
Don't get this app, it doesn't work Good idea, and menu and ordering is easy and good. That is where it stops, the offers area doesn't work at all, and if you order, and hit the I am here when you arrive, they don't start the order till you come in and check in at the counter. The employee says everyone is having trouble with this app, but heard they are working on it. as I sit around for 35 minutes waiting for my nonexistant order. Pull this app till it works please.
Taco Bell Disappointed that only a select few Visas get the 12 off deal. Fix it  I'll give you guys 5.
Visa Checkout promo Downloaded the app to use the Visa Check out promotion and although I didn't have problems with the app itself their promotion didn't work so after spending all the time placing my order had to cancel it
This update sucks I use to use this flawlessly often and now its crashing and unable to function. I can't order anymore...guess I'm skipping on Taco Bell
CAN'T ORDER The app NEVER lets me submit my order. There's always a problem occurring, please try again later
Lost my order So I paid, got to the instore or drivethrough screen, went out of the app while I was driving, and when I came back to the app my order was lost. 7.00 down the drain.
Lol Ordered.  Hit I'm here when I was a couple blocks away.  Got there.  Waited 20 minutes.  Watched a line of 10 people order and get their food before I was a given a TIME ESTIMATE of how much longer it would be.. Maybe i just caught them on an off day or something.  But probably will be my last time using it.  If nothing else, you get half off on your 1st order.
Pretty pointless My location doesn't allow walk in only drive thru and the girl had me read my order back anyways. ..soo besides saving half off my order I'll never use it again.
The new update will not allow me to place my orders. It was really convenient up until now
Whaaa... Why can't I look at the menu items without closing an OPEN store That's dumb.
Oh Taco Bell, what have you done Got a new phone and thought that would fix it not knowing that I've arrived. I still have to check in manually, and if I go inside I still have to wait in line to make sure it went through. Maybe if your mobile guy had spent less time getting drunk and beating Uber drivers it would be better. Maybe his replacement can fix it
Update killed check in Used it twice since the latest update, and both times was unable to check in from the app... using GS5
Sad I do not use the location service app won't give an option for me to say where i am it's sad i will be uninstalling
OK  But No substituting...BOO  A fatal flaw, as a vegetarian, not being able to substitute beans for beef on overpriced Mexican pizzamy fave renders the app basically worthless 4Star app if they'd fix it
Visa Checkout failed Tried to use Visa checkout through the app. App said it couldn't locate my user or password so I couldn't get the half off promo. You guys owe me 9 
Keeps Crashing Constantly crashing, won't work correctly work Visa Pay, lost my order three times, doesn't accurately reflect the local menu
Can't claim offers. I've tried to claim multiple offers and multiple locations.  However, I continue to get an error stating I haven't met certain requirements. It then tells me to check offer details and I dont see anything. Would give the app 5 stars if someone could tell me how to resolve this.
