Its great if working correctlyBUT ITS NOT IT IS ALL KINDS OF FlUXed upSTUCK IN SOME GLITCH CANT CALL OUT CAN ONLY TEXT HALF THE TIMEI HAVE PUT IN FOR HELP W CUSTOMER  SUPORT 5 TIMES
REALLY BAD SERVICE I called to delete my magic app account and they transfer me 5 times to the same place and hung up on me twice and had me on hold for a hour I waited because I really wanted my account deleted and they told me they have my personal information like home address and card information they could listen to all your conversations this company is all bad i don't trust them and they told me they can remove my email off their systems. I M SO DONE WITH THIS COMPANY
Its main purpose is great,however it has many malfunction and lack of features. It doesn't show up the calls from the others plus u can't get your voice mails and a lot of times doesn't access to your network to go online while all other apps are online already.
Poor Call quality I have been using different mobile VoIP app. First time I have tried using magic jack. The quality of the voice is  not good and audible.
A poor call quality A lot of time it doesn't work and doesn't access my network  please fix these  problems .I can't wait any time more it stills broken please fix it quickly
It worked great on my Galaxy s3 but sucks on my s5. WiI need this app badly to call home living oversea in Thailand. It worked great on my Galaxy s3, but it sucks with my s5. You would thjnk with better a processor it would work better but it does not. There is no help on the website to fix it. Now I have to look for something else so I can stay in touch with family. I will be happy to change the review when they fix it.
Error no audio device When i try to make a call magic jack stops me and says error no audio device.. Its really annoying because it makes this app completely useless..
Cannot signup When i signup on start of the app never replied me for account i tried a lot if times its a crap so i am going to uninstall
It would pop up and wouldn't close  too annoying to be worthwhile. LGG3 Uninstalling
Not connected to the internet Funny how the app claims that I have no internet connection and yet lol and behold I'm able to complain about it. On another note I don't get call notifications, just voicemail.
Not getting calls. Don't work anymore. All I can see are voice mail notifications.  sucks
Keeps ending my calls Every time I'm on the phone for a while, it all of a sudden disconnects. It doesn't even give me the pop up when it ends. Sometimes it still has the icon on my bar when its not even on a call. I don't know why, my connection is great at home.
Needs tweaking Why does it say Magic Jack starting.  I don't want to see this unless I'm using it.  Bad update.
I'll give you five stars if you help me I can't make calls out but I can recieve
Offline I have a great working WiFi connection and a good working data connection. But it currently still says Offline please fix this issue
Issue I jave an issue where I can't go back into the app once I press home
Other person cant hear me They receive the call and i can hear the other person just fine, but they cant hear me at all.
Has a mind of it's own The app activates itself randomly when it wants to, but never when I need it to work. Also randomly calls people... It is so very frustrating
