Very bad app When I tring to read news It's is start to blinking ponds add and the text is being unvisible so this app is Waste to use better download news hunt.
Sudden popups I love this app but today play store popups are ruining the reading experience. 6 popups in one minute.
Annoying add... I think I would be better to read articles in Firefox browser in reading mode... app is the best but animated add makes it worst....
Please stop auto refresh 5 stars for the content, 1 for the app. Please stop auto refreshing the page when readers are on a news page. Its irritating and inconvenient, not to mention useless as refreshing same article again and again do not add anything new to the article.
Update bad Updates. Also waste..Hindu was a great newspaper but app full of adds... Crashing app
Adds make it irritating Each time i open for it, adds get opened automatically. Its very irritating. They blink all time on lower bottom of the news. Even sliding become difficult. Please sort it out.
Crashes alot and stupid adds Although the news is perfect but the app crashes almost every time i open it on my Samsung galaxy A5. And the adds are annoying. Why does a newspaper app has an add for 'sexy photos' Please fix it.
Hugely battery hogging It is expected that an official app by Hindu should b developed by professionals...this problem remains persistent despite the updates...my battery goes down 10 in 5 mins of usage which has made the app practically useless...though content n layout are nice but the egregious problem needs to b sorted out n quick...Also the choicest annoying apps which blink continuously n comes like a barrage has degraded the user experience...
Good app but very bad because of the animation at the bottom line which disturb and irritate the reader lot
Slow, crashes often and quite bad UI FIRST slow coz everytime ul have to wait for the app to load the contents esp when u have an superfast ultra bolt wifi SECOND off lately crashes after freezing for 3 min.. WTF and THIRD User Interface could have been better... lacks a systematic view and link below and article changes if u miss them while clicking others. No BACK button  Developers wake up time...
It should be available in hindi also .there is no option to make a pdf file for any Article or news.u should add these 2 features ,i will give 5 Star
Sheer Waste Stupid app. Why am I supposed to switch on the location  still be shown the city as Chennai. Really fed up of changing my city... This app simply promotes the news of Tamil nadu..  is a sheer waste for others. Biased news.. Please do not install.
Too much ad interference Clicked a news link, goes to an ad in the browser. Better fix it sooner before hindu loses all loyal readers
Notification settings Please provide an option to disable the vibration in the notifications settings. Would rate 5 star.
Annoying ads. No pro ad free version Why can't the app makers give us an ad free pro version The flashing ads on the bottom are annoying and the new full page ads while scrolling between articles is even worse.
Notification Vibrate Drains Battery Though it keeps me update with latest news but Notifications Uses the Vibrator too much which causes the battery to drain and there is no way to disable the vibrator. Please remove the Vibrator control from the App's Permission.
Only aap start not responding after some time.... Lot of bugs need to be fixed. But very good on content front
Great update functional app please make ad free version How about a no ad version make the upgrade option available thank you
Please add Epaper download. It would be nice if people with online subscriptions could download epaper directly through the app.
