Please fix I can't do much I can't past the map mission it closes on the spot yes that it tends to crash alot plz fix
Crashes and lags Crashes and get laggy, free games are better optimised Shame could be a fun little game... Note 4                             Never thought it was possible to regret spending a 1... but once you've paid you then have to buy stuff in the game to have a chance.
Looks great play terrible Really regretted it, this game is a bit like StarCraft and a little bit of a rpg. However the difficulty is ridiculous with the waves constantly getting harder when you near the end of each round, its not really hard to keep up with it but it milks the crap out of your time and really repetitive when it could of been more satisfying if it was shorter. This game also REALLY drains your battery life so if you dont have a charger next to you don't open it up on a train
UPDATE was a 5, now a 1. Game freezes constantly and caused me on several occasions to forcerestart phone because of overwhelming amount of enemies. Could not make progress in defeating the enemy castle and was stuck in a stalemate for 40 minutes while enemy got stronger. Seeing how I have to defend my castle or I can't progress in game, I am effectively unable to continue playing. Will change rating when fixed.
Game crashes Dear devs, please fix the game.  I am tired of the game crashing constantly.   When I travel via map, the game will crash, when I try fighting a wave, the game will crash.  Once you fix the game, I will change my rating from 1 to 5.  But until then, the rating will be 1.
Won't let me play the game. I really want to play this because it is totally my kind of game. Fix this and I will get it again. Still won't work on my Samsung Tab 3 after the update. Come on, guys. I paid real money for this.
Terrible The worst optimized game I've ever seen on the app store. Updating my review because evan after the updates and I went back hoping it had been fixed. Nope, Evan on a galaxy s6 I can only run it on low setting. Worst developer ever.
Crash happy Love this game but crashes way to much on my s4. Paid for it so please fix and I will change to 5 stars
 1 frame per second and all graphics are low. A serious disappointment.
Well Saw the trailer and wanted to play, hit install and left it alone. But I've haven't even played the game because it crashes instantly. Plz fix. Dont wanna have to put this under the waste of time list. Well that and im too late for refund
Clash I play till finish fighting than clash . Keep clash . Help fix it
