Not 100 reliable This app works as advertised sometimes, but fails often. About 50 of times I check it with the indicator clearly showing Microphone Blocked, i find multiple apps with mic access working normally. I have requested a fix or a refund. Update No response from developer drops rating to 1 star. Update 2 Uninstalled. No response no refund.
The voice recording will be saved automatically when you accept the call I recently purchased the Mic Block Pro app.  Once the microphone block was installed,  I kept getting the following pop up on my phone for all incoming calls The voice recording will be saved automatically when you accept the call. I know that it is the microphone block app because when i disable ituninstall it,  I don't see those popups anymore. Sent email to developer to no avail. Uninstalling and requesting a refund.
Don't work. This will work for about 30mins and after that the microphone will be activated again.
Blocking legitimate microphone use I need to manually turn off the app in order for people to hear me now. This seems to be a recent thing. When the app turns back on in 5 minutes, other end cannot hear me again. Please fix this. This is a paid app. It is a using me business issues.
CAN NOT MAKE CALLS OR HEAR WHEN ON I had the free version, loved it, so I decided to buy it. Since then people will hear me for a few seconds then mike and speaker goes dead. Have to turn it off before making a call, tried turning off during a call and it still don't work. So if you have it on while getting a call you can't use the phone.  Please FIX this Galaxy S4  Lollipop.
Fix or I will Uninstall I brought the pro version an I cannot make a call without turning off the app. This app states at the title page that it does not effect phone calls that is clearly false It would be great if we could choose which applications we want to block This is so frustrating  latest update version  reedditted 290615
Worked fine until i bought pro Now i have to turn it off everytime i make a call and on some incoming calls, also didn't turn off while I was recording after I'd unblocked it I'm gonna have to uninstall
Don't automatically turn off on phone calls, and not to mention about the messengers... Garbadge App.
S5 problems Worked well on my Galaxy S3. Does not work well on my S5.  Incoming and outgoing calls cannot hear me all too often on any of the three modes available. I have to deactivate the program to be heard. It's gotten ridiculous.
Doesn't work on SamGalNote2 Says it's blocking, but any voice recorder app showsproves that it ain't.. there's two microphones on that model..
Waste of your money It doesn't work. The app doesn't do what it claims. It just doesn't work.
After checking logs this shows that the the microphone was used by apps or the system and there's no warning given you have to check the logs to see. so you don't know till after the fact. so that you can't shut it down so that is no type of security at all just a waste of money and I have a pro version absolutely useless
Good idea, but buggy. As another reviewer pointed out, it fails silently and you would not know it. False sense of security is as bad as no protection... After purchasing the app, I tested it and it was not hard to break it by toggling it on and off a few times. Uninstalling it until fixed.
Keeps interfering when talking on phone All of a sudden my mic goes mute and im no longer able to talk to my clients. Very frustrating since I have to reset my phone to enable communicate again
App is bullshit. I was able to answer my phone when mic block was active. It sometimes block my mic from me speaking to my caller I couldn't unblock my mic and my phone was hacked and someone had activated my camera while the camera blocker app was activated. Dont trust any app that you have to pay for and dont trust any apps from Better Tomorrow apps
