This app is starting to get really annoying cause it keeps giving me notifications every couple of mins saying my phone isn't protected fully so I go into it and it says it is. I can't turn notifications off, and when your phone battery doesn't last very long and avg keeps going like it has been it really doesn't help.
App is fine its the stupid ads I have the pro version but every 30 seconds i get a helpful  you are not fully protected message. I dont want the cleaning app which is separate ok I had ot but it was also constantly heckling me.Stop the stupid messages or I will uninstall all avg apps. I paid for them so no ads please
Widget... ...is now tiny. Um, thanks Are you hoping by now taking up a third of the widget with your logo you'll advertise your company better if people happen to be looking at my phone Crazy.
Like a shit update Nothing good left on this app. It was a wadt of money buying it. Was using it the past three years, but maaan, this is one of the wordt i say .
Update Just updated... new interface looks bland and boring looked soooooo much better before. The widget icons have been made so tiny you need a magnifying glass to see the so they can put a big stupid AVG logo on it. Guess what if we installed it WE KNOW WHICH COMPANY MADE IT Also your stupid notification icon... whoever come up with that need sacking it looks crp
It second time to prove itself zero . I am going to uninstall it,as it does not work properly. Total waste of time, money and faith. Dot try it, its personally review to all android user.
Fix the Widget after update FIX THE WIDGET it's tiney and can't be customized. Used to be the most used widget on my phone... And now it's useless.
Crappy update I hate it  Widget is very bad   No customization or use of it now... pfft. I don't want it now  Uninstalled
I like the recent update and look but.. I love the way the app looks now but I can't change the widgets buttons like I could on the last one. I also think there should be a setting to choose whether or not the widget should be transparent or not but overall it's a good app
