Won't load Game loaded the first time. Then hasn't worked since. Tried to uninstall and reinstall a few times with the same result. Sticks on the Downloading Profile screen and won't go further.  I'm very disappointed
Doesn't work Bought it a long time ago and just downloaded it again and doesn't work on my Note 4, I'm pretty sure it didn't work when I first bought it either, please fix
Please update Tried to download on on my Note 4 and doesn't even bother. Keeps giving error when I tried troubleshooting. Please help so I can download it. I don't want a refund.
Buggy but pretty Good story, decent learning curve, you can grind to build your skills. Camera views are awful. Like I can't even talk about them without wanting to cry. Repetitive dialog. End boss bug where if you lose and retry, you don't get your potions back and you can't escape to go collect more bucks to buy more. Gameloft support hasn't responded. Uninstalled.
Terrible The controls don't work half of the time which makes boss battles nearly impossible to win.  And it would be nice if there was a better tutorial or even just a tutorial for the boss fights.  Thank goodness I only wasted 0.99 on this.
Store broken Every time I try and access the in game store to upgrade, it just stays loading and doesn't show anything. Can't play if I can't upgrade. If it doesn't get fixed, I want my money back
Standard Gameloft Controls poorly, appears to have little depth. Visuals are competent but uninspired and lacking direction. Optimal graphics settings are a complete misnomer.
The game does load but once it loads the game it won't let me play. I payed money to get this game I would really appreciate it if you would fix the bugs in this game.
I use to love this game This gem was fun but it won't work on my HTC I install it and it said unfortunately amazing spider man2 has stopped I tried shutting of my phone and it still doesn't work I even uninstalled it and installed it again but it says the same thing please fix it I don't want the refund o want to still play it
Keeps kicking me Was a fun game till it stopped working, now everytime I wanna play it it just says 'a network error has occurred' then it kicks me, please fix
Back up the camera, Jesus. I played awhile ago and the camera was so much better. now it's too close and not setting to back it up.
Love it but... Keeps crashing on my ares 8 tablet please fix I really love this game I paid 7 dollars for..adding to this cause it seems the bugs STILL haven't been worked out for tablets so this will be my last notice and will never purchase another game from u guys game continues to crash no customer service to atleast inform me you are working on it so whatever
Used to work good. Now force closes on 100 chapter 2 boss. Sent email to get this fixed.
