Would be a great app but the information is ridiculously inaccurate. It is sunny and 60 outside and it says it's 9 lol Wait what YOU HAD ONE JOB
Diane The app is not updated when I launch it. The weather is also very inaccurate for my area. For instance yesterday we had clear skies all day not a cloud in the sky but every time I checked the app it said partly sunny. Also the temperature didn't change towards the evening when it cooled off. I checked my outdoor thermometer it was at least 10 degrees cooler than what the app said. I should give this one star but I do like the look of the app being transparent.
Does not work The widget only lasts until the tablet is powered off. When I power the tablet back on the widget is gone.
Used to be the best weather app I used to tell everyone about this app.  Then I got a new Samsung Note and now I can't get this app to to set up for anything.
Current place Picks my location up as 7 miles from where I actually am. Other widget's pick it up fine
Doesn't work without location or amber weather installed Cannot use without amber weather installed and your location on so no privacy on movement. Stuff this country.
No humidity reading. I need to see the humidity.  It's important.  I can't believe you left it out
Asks u to download more apps Doesn't work otherwise
App does not update This app apparently doesn't work with 4.4.2
Doesn't work correctly This app will not  find  my city. It only finds my  state. They said they fixed, but they didn't. As far as accuracy, it's just as good as a meteorologist, 5050.
App looks nice I love the animation.. but the weather is inaccurate I'm in NYC it's like 80 degrees and the App saying 28degrees..I gotta install this bullshit
Time  is not updating automatically, every time I have to refresh it.
REMOVED You guys sux, you ask to download your Amber  widget to use this weather widget You should be banned from play store.
Why it doesn't work
Suraj I would rate it zero if it is possible
Says it's 19 degrees actual temp is 68
Poor design, requires two apps installed.
BS It wanted me to download other apps, it never had any weather forecasts
Doesn't show the right weather
