At first I have given it 5 stars, but then the application started to switch languages on its own, started with english OK for me then went to Portugus Ok too and at last Spanish not Ok. Also it indicates the car make as Mazda inspite of telling it Mitsubishi....... I am not sure if I can trust the data that is coming out ONE STAR IS TOO MUCH FOR IT.
Very limited The free version does not allow you to select the ECU in the car. Cars have multiple ecu. Without the ability to select them you can't see all the error codes.
Ok BUT Doesn't like the Mazda RX8 ECU disabled my traction control when it connected so sticking with torque pro
Car doctor Does not work on ford festa 2011
Doesn't connect Doesn't work with 38400 baud odbii Bluetooth
Doesn't do what I actually need I have a 2002 Mitsubishi Galant and although I was able to connect with the app to the onboard computer, and get some data off of it, the moment I connected it the speedometer stopped working and the software itself is not giving me the MPG info I want. Tell me how to fix that and I'll even buy the pro version since that was the plan in the first place anyway.
Using a high spec genuine dongle and this app lights my dash up like a Christmas tree. Throws up all sorts of dash light issues as well as lowering suspension and gearbox lock out from low ratio etc. Not advisable for Land Rover canbus systems
current data fail. only one pid at a time current data doesn't show values unless you click on them individually. useless for diag on most everything
Poor It's rely cost me to take my car to dealer to calibrate my traction controls system . This app is a joke don't come near it.              12042015                     Your response is worse than the app. As if you know what adapter I'm using to connect. Well, allow me to say bt I'm using a good brand and a cheap one. Both works perfectly with another app. You may need to know Warren people and tell them more about what to expect. Your app cost me 259 to fix my truck
Crashes tablet Tried installing multiple times e with the same result.  Freezes up and sometimes crashes Galaxy Tab 3.    to dev I no longer have it installed and don't want to reinstall it.  But showing you care deserves at least another star...
Waste of time It doesn't work. And it's not the fault of ELM327 which I successed to connect with another Torque app
OBD 2 not flashing green I can pair up bluetooth just fine but my adapter doesn't flash green it just stays with a red light. When I connect it keeps saying test protocol over and over I bought the right adapter for my car so I'm guessing it has to be this app that's causing problems
Couldn't get it to connect I tried so many things but couldn't get this app to connect. Other apps had no problem connecting to my device. The app suggests sending log data to the developer but even after enabling logging nothing was logged. Edit I have emailed the developer as asked. I will update the review when I get a response.
