Latest update Reduced rating, the newest update has made downloading to read now virtually impossible. Using three different WiFi services and still doesn't download the read now issues.
why is it... that this craptastic code bloat can't be moved to SdCard, run from SdCard andor store app data there why does it have to hog up Device Storage crapp stubbornly  stupidly remains SdCard unaware.
It's a tragedy that such a valuable service remains locked behind a buggy, unusable app.
Stopped working on my Kindle Fire HD with the 2.7 update, immediately crashes now.
When I open this app...I'm usually staring at a loading screen instead of actually reading comics
New update is buggy and slow
Not cool Marvel I left the app in the background overnight, and it completely drained the devices battery. I couldn't even turn on the device. It had no charge at all.  Please fix this drain that keeps the app awake on device standby. I just begun my Marvel Unlimited experience and I didn't expect this to happen on my first read.
Crashing like crazy IT KEEPS CRASHING TODAY 102815. I can't even sign in to the website, let alone the app. I enjoy the access to thousands of Marvel titles. That said, it is glitchy. If I'm reading several in a series without closing the app, it gets stuck loading page 4.
Offline mode is buggy after I download some comics for offline reading and switch wifi off the app goes bananas and shows my old offline comics alongside the new ones resulting in having 20 out of 12. Worst part is that sometimes comic is not stored properly and has only 1 page downloaded...  Or my favourite when downloaded comic is marked for download right after connection goes away
The service is great. The app is horrible. If it worked the way it is designed it would be excellent. They have not patched it in a long time to fix simple issues like only half of the pages loading. You expect the full comic, not skipping every third page because it doesn't work right.
Junk compared to the iOS version This loads pages flawlessly on my iOS devices, but apparently can't on Android. Something particularly stupid is that if I watch my bandwidth utilization on my Nexus 6 whenever it hangs on a late that won't load, I see a constant stream of 700Kbps in download activity. This disappears if I skip to a page that has loaded, and comes back when I swap to one that refuses to. WTF
The content is great but I can't believe that making all that money from your movies you can't chip in some cash to make a decent app
Sounds good but terrible execution I love the idea but I use multiple devices and this doesn't allow you to pick up on one device where you left off on another.   This is needed   Also, needs volume rocker to turn page option.  PS the battery drain is really terrible. Even in the background while the device sleeps
The MU service is great, but the Android app is very frustrating often it only shows me the preview, even when I'm logged in and relogin, etc, and I end up having to go to the web version on my laptop.  Also, the offline mode is very unreliable if I mark 56 issues in a series for offline viewing, it's very likely to drop one usually one of the first couple, making the rest kinda pointless.
Great comics, worst app The app is awful... I have a lot of trouble reading offline  is almost impossible. The library of title is very good but have some weird abscences lile with the Xfactor books.
Ever since the update I haven't been able to read Any comics at all. It always logs out. This app needs serious work.
