c.e.williams I have an attitude because I decided to forgo the free ap and go straight to the full.  Paid for full version because it said it was compatible with my phone.  The phone say I just installed the full version key.  I must install Snother version.  So when I try to install that one the free one it says not compatible with your carrier.  That should be listed on the PAID one too and before the FREE one  Took my money and I can't even use it.  I want it back
Wifi mode stopped working I have used foxfi for several yrs now and subscribe to the full subscription.  Today it seems my phone has blocked it so I can't use it any longer.
Does not work after Samsung Galaxy S4 SW system update. The latest SamsungVerizon system upgrade to the Galaxy S4 killed the free wifi tethering capability. Please fix.
Awful Was wonderful until last update...i want my money back...getting uninstalled right now...change it back and i will reconsider
Was Great I loved this at first.  But when ice cream sandwich upgraded it quit working. They have a upgrade coming out for it but I cannot get in contact with these guys, Sent 3 emails  no response. Come Guys get it together  or at least answer your emails
This thing deserves no stars It doesn't work I can't set the connection up to my PlayStation 3. it Just gives you false hopes.
Was so awesome and handy but with the time limit now I'm moving on to a new app. Sad cause I loved fox fi
I loved it until sprint tricked me into updateing my phone now i know all updates are'nt good updates but yall are smart i know yall will fix this rightI need yall to fix this asap i new i shouldent have let sprint trick me into updateing my phone
Forces you to put a password on your phone with new update Previously I gave it up at 5 however with the new update I am forced to put a password on my phone. This is not a safe thing to force people to do. A lot of people such as myself want people to be able to access my phone in case something happens to me they can look up phone numbers in my phone and call a family member. Fix it and I will give you a 5 back otherwise please give me a refund
This used to work well Prior to the last update, foxfi worked well with few issues. After the update, if I can keep a connection up for more than 5 minutes, I'm doing well. Really disappointed.
Failure to name free Its very limited i have unlimited data and i cant share it with my other devices....sprint sux balls...u would think just register devices allowed to use my data...but i have to buy hotspot ...wow...would be nice if i could use it like it says  free
Sadly, FoxFi fails Ice Cream Sammich FoxFi Wifi Fails with Samsung Ice Cream Sammich on TMobile and Windows 7 64bit. I've seen it work great on Samsung Gingerbread and other cell carriers. Please get ICS  Jellybean working ASAP because it's awesome when it works
LoveD it I have been using foxfi for about 4 months and it has been great, until yesterday. I was watching Netflix on my iPad and a message popped up and said i had reached my limit  please fix
Loved it...then something happened Loved the hotspot...then Verizon forced an update that didn't allow the hotspot to work.  Please come up with update so it will work again.   I have droid RAZR maxx HD.  Otherwise please refund.
Att will get you At the time of this review I had just received an email from Att stating that they have noticed I have been tethering despite the hide proxy ability being on every time I used the Foxfi app. I started using it around 18 October 2012 and received an email on 19 November 2012 so basically about 30 days and they will bust you. Foxfi itself worked great but I'm afraid I'll have to retire this app unless I want to pay for a tethering plan...which I don't.
