Not too Happy I would have given this game a better rating but I can't even get to playing the game when it says not working then shuts me out.
Dont download Cannot play it my phone anytime l open always saying endless run has stop working , it sucks peeps
try it.. but not so good need more development...
More like endless ads Ads pop up right in the middle of your game, graphics are subpar. Avatar won't jump when I swipe up. Get subway surfers or something instead.
It so laggggg  I love it but its so lag can you fix it for 5 stars 
Horrible This game is horrible. The controls lag for instance I tap the screen to seeing my sword and it takes a second for the character to swing and that wouldn't be bad except the controls are the most important part of the game
Needs work It shuts me out when ever I try to play and its laggy
Hated it Horrible game Very laggy and the jumps are so off This game is pointless
Not good man. Not smooth at all. Why would I have to tap up so high on the screen to attack or collect treasure Just not good.
Sucks... Waist time Always says stop running..
App can't be closed. The app can't be forced stop as process a ignores you when you stop it. The game needs screen rotation
 If you watch the vid it's so cool but then the game is worse i hate this 
It started off awesome but then it started getting super glichy please fix it
When I open this game after about 15 sec. It stops working saying unfortunality game is not working
This game blows dont waste your time
Fed up The game is nice I like it but I can't get to kill my enemies or pick up my treasure need u to  look in to it
Don't like... It's too slow working game... I think it was designed for competition of TEMPLE RUN 2 but it can never work like such a game... Only waste of time and also foolish kind of slow moves after tapings... Need more improvements and more work in upcoming update... We can give it best ratings but if this game have abilities for a better rating...
Won't let me play. Keeps saying stopped running. I like what I got to play of it
Too laggy Tried playing but I swiped and my character fell right off the side every time.
Shit this game is worst Dont download this game this game is waste. After instal this says this game unfortunatly stopd sucks
Horrible... It is really very horrible game. ...I m very disappointed with this  .....pls its my suggestion that those who are installing it pls don't install ....
Sir Obinna Onyiriuka It doesn't work. Always saying unfortunately stopped working.
The worst game ever. It didn't even open. It kept saying unfortunately the game has stopped. Its the worst game in history.
Endless running stone Could not go a minute without any problems or ads
Steal It stole temple run the face and every thing
It starts then all of a sudden it stops working 
Game needs attention it will not load it shut me out ...
