This company gets worse by the day. System works then doesn't.  Website can't find anything on my phone and says location doesn't exist. App sucks now. No more PayPal. Switched over to Eat24. Their Website works and app. Get it together Grubhub You suck now.
What Even Happened The only option is to pay by credit card now This app has become entirely useless to me and everyone in my house.
PayPal disappeared Brought this from 5 stars down to 0... woops, can't do 0, so it's a 1 star No more paypal is no good for me with no explanation to those of us that have used in the past. At least they should have sent us an email.
why remove paypal for no reason, yet offer it on you website  i had to stop what i was doing and login to the website instead of mobile, to use paypal.  please address asap and will update my review.
No paypal No way. Paypal suddenly disappeared as a payment method for the app. Entering credit card info isn't my favorite thing when our relationship hasn't reached that level I've heard the website still uses paypal, so hoping this is a temporary glitch.
This is my go to app now its not Can't even open the app anymore after the update . so upset right now
No food It can never find food near my location unless I happen to be near a big city.  Even then the restaurants are not worth eating at, so Ive only ever used it to find a restaurant district.
Completely Useless Unless you live in a big city don't bother.  This app is woefully useless for anywhere else. Knowing who delivers would be a great asset.  Very disappointed and uninstalling.
This app sucks After receiving a 15 coupon I decided to install this app. It does not work. The pizza place I received it from did not even show up on the app. So i used the website with my location setting on  and ended up with a diffrent location then what i wanted.  Ended up having to re place my order and cancelled the first. This app sucks I just wanted some pizza.
Don't waste your time This app is a ridiculous waste of time. I am rarely able to log in, sometimes it will show restraunts near me sometimes it doesn't I only use it from my house so the location of search never changes and I try during known business hours, if I am miraculously able to log in AND find a restraunt to order from I have a 50 shot of it actually taking a credit card payment sometimes it works most of the time it doesnt. My credit card info has never changed .
Grub Hub Wanted to order Chinese food and I get a cafe instead. Not very happy. And to top it off I have to order a minimum of 20
No more yummy rummy or PayPal Decent app but getting rid of the only option that pulled me away from seamless was a bad move. The feeling that there's a chance to win something keeps people ordering. Too bad. Edit No more PayPal. Unacceptable. Slowly getting worse.
Bring Back PayPal I just ordered food today and saw that they removed the PayPal feature Not cool and no longer convenient. Update the app and I'll bring back the stars. Old post Grubhub saves my life When I'm too lazy or have cramps, this is the app I turn to
Paypal is gone The app could use improvements. Blurry assets, awkward and confusing user experience, and a messy design warrants some upgrades to a more consistent user experience.
No more paypal option for android users Way to seperate android and iPhone users grubhub  all of my iPhone using friends still have paypal option but I don't on my android. . this WAS a convenient app until paypal was removed now it's basically garbage and useless. . Won't be using until paypal is brought back.
