Like but Can't fault this app it does what it's supposed to. I haven't tried obd2 yet as I don't have an adapter. But it's  extremely aggravating when my settings are reset after every update. To make matters worse is by time I notice is after I want to review a close call it's in the lowest quality instead of 1080p. If this could be fixed it would be a 5 star.
GPS         .   GPS                 GPS        .        GPS       .           . The biggest problem of this app is forcing you to use GPS, which takes a lot of battery juice and generates a lot of heat. For people living in hot area, this can possibly destroy the device. Only thing I wanted was RECORDING of the event, but this app just cannot do that simple thing well. If only thing you need is just record, then look for elsewhere.
Utter Crap Since the last update everything has all messed up. This used too be an awesome app but now the quality of the recorded footage is garbage 0 stars. PLEASE FIX
Battery drain, cannot share video When I first installed I could easily upload to YouTube and share video, now when clicking the share option I get nothing. Video stuttering after 5 or 10 minutes of recording, and even when changing the drain on the battery is just crazy. I purchased the pro version and am not pleased. HTC M8 running lollipop.
Video is always upside down No matter what I choose, the video is recorded upside down. I shouldn't even have to choose anything. The phone knows which way is up. Until this is fixed, this is a useless app.
Regrettably, no matter what configuration I tried I could not get CaroO Pro to operate on my Note 4 with dash cam feature enabled without a VERY significant batter drain.
Constantly steals focus Great featured app but sadly totally unusable due to the fact it constantly steals focus from any other apps that are running. Not a brilliant experience when you are trying to navigate a busy, complicated junction and the app decides to switch to itself from your GPS. Happens with Google Maps and Waze.
Too unreliable. Galaxy note 3 The app has become too unreliable. It started out as excellent. Then the slippery slope downwards began. Screen brightness  slider inoperable. Either too bright or too dim. Recorded images brightness goes too bright then too dark. Battery gets slaughtered. Removed app and returned to a stand alone dash cam. Wasted money on buying Pro version. Sorry developer.
App closes without GPS This is the biggest, most stupid waste of power the developer could've put in. Pull the speed data off the OBD connection. Save the battery power, AND save me the waste of time enabling gps when my phone's GPS is dead.
