Warning I talked in person with several girls that work as chat agent for this company. I know it's scam. I only downloaded this app to rate it.
Fraud Alert It cast over 12 dollars a month and if you want to chat it cost over 10 dollars a min. The girls photos are fake. I noticed the pull different pic off the net and slap  them to a profile. Don't waist your money. I've done a full investigation and discovered the fraudulent pics after extensive research.
Expensiv You have to subscribe first 10 dollars a month. With nothing gained, you then have to pay 10 dollars for every mail you want to read and pay 10 dollars for every mail you sent. If you want to talk to them it's 1 dollar every minute....   this app is just out to make money.
Pay per minute date This is not a dating site.  There are no girls within the USA which means that for Americans this app is useless.  All of the girls are somewhere else in the planet and only want your CC info for  pay per minute sex talk.  So if you are looking for a true dating app.  THIS IS NOT A DATING APP.
This app sucks balls You pay a monthly fee only to play more fees I used a prepaid debit card that notifies me for every transaction, this site charged me 3.99 for every message And blocked ever attempt at giving contact info How are you supposed to date these ladies
Problems Doesn't let me open app, tried to uninstall and reinstall, but same thing plz help on fix that. Thank you.
Should be negative 100 What a rip off piece of crap. Fake pics, fake profiles  expensive for no reason. Stay away from it. What a waste of time and ... Lmao
I can't unsubscribe This stupid thing spams the shout of you With itself and it's affiliates I get 20 emails a day from phoney accounts Deleting but I can't unsubscribe and it makes hard for you to do so
After reading other ratings I am not even going to take a chance on this site as I am not wealthy enough to throw money to a site where meeting these beautiful women is more than likely not going to happen. I am very attracted to Asian women though so to bad there aren't good reviews.
Dont be scammed Dont waste your money on this. Its easier than this to meet asian girls. It cost me nothing to walk up to my wife and ask her out on a date. Now were married 4 years later with 2 children and another on the way. Sounds like a scam for money, my wife said that btw, shes philippina.
Date site All they want is money from you so don't never give them your card information they charge u so much money just to use the site lmao
It is quite expensive It could be a bit cheaper and you should be able to communicate other than chat I like to give my number and email this should be allowed. But this dating site blocks, so you can not give your own email. You have to spend so much money you don't realise how much your spending I think this dating agency is a joke I do not recommend this site avoid it at all costs.
Hi guy's ZERO STARS Im not a member of this app but I have to say.A friend of mine was and he got ripped offYou shouldn't have to pay just to read a damm letter.So here's a little advice,DO NOT INSTALL.And thats coming from a girl.Try some other app that wont charge you an arm  a leg lol Good Luck  boys
Scam I'd like to get as many people as possible to give this a 1 rating so people will look elsewhere.
Not sure it's worth the money. It's a bit of a rip off. It's cost an appalling amount of money.  You can not exchange email addresses or phone numbers. Everything is going through the website and is edited before getting sent on.
How can i delete the account...i have not see it anywhere
