App worked OK. But when free coffee week started all of the sudden it does not work. I stick to Starbucks thank you very much
Does not scan on Note 4 While everything else works on the app, unlike my Walgreens Balance Rewards card, Starbucks card and others, this app will not scan Note 4s. 3 coworkers and I all have the same phone and all of us have the same issue with this app.
Free what..... First of all this app doesn't work on my phone.  When I try to open the side bar it takes for ever and never opens.  The second thing is I got 6 coffees and no punches,  what's up with that 7 eleven  I will not recommend this app. Get it fixed.
Won't scan Using an HTC M8, the barcode simply won't scan at all. Have tried clearing cache and re installing the app several times with no luck
Doesn't work Think I'm gonna stick to Starbucks...or WaWa...the app doesn't work on my note four....the cashier got rude like I invented the app so it must be my fault or something I did wrong. Clearly because of all of the complaints, its an issue with the app....well I have to have my coffee and I was content on paying at 711 but I'll spend elsewhere...its something about good customer service that will make the price difference worth it.
Doesnt work This app continues to close on.its own when i log in for some reason. Amd now i am very unsatisfied
Doesn't work on marshmallow Android Marshmallow has been out for over a month now, and 711 still hasn't bothered to get their app working on the new OS yet.
It worked for a while then doesn't I buy three slushes at a time. And it said I have a free cup after a few visits and then the lady says no I don't but the screen says a free cup is available.   I've bought maybe 30 slushes  got 2 free   screen still says I have  a free cup  and they just made me pay again.   She also made me Pay instantly so this happens often and they are instructed make them pay don't even try to scan again. Which seems very fishy. Left a bad taste in my mouth
Problem There are times when I open the app and my note 3 backlight just dims really low, while using the app I can't raise the backlight. Other times the 7 star count would show lets say 4 stars when I know I have purchased more than that within that week. So far it has stayed at 4 stars even after a purchase. Fix these bugs.
So disappointed Have had to uninstall install this ap about 8 times since it came out. Doing it again just now I love my local 7 eleven even though there are two closer stores i walk the 6 blocks to 7 eleven. I wish you would just have cards like speedway and krogers. It's okay when it works.
Won't open Update on 111215. Won't even open anymore Keep in mind that this app worked perfectly when I first installed it. My previous review app worked fine until about a week ago. Now it doesn't show my drink reward count,  it freezes when I click on anything and only shows the barcode when I open it. I should have a freebie by now but showing no stars. Guess I'll just keep decreasing my stars until they fix it.
Not being rewarded Since FREE coffee week, the app has been stuck for lack of a better word. Have gotten coffee 35 times since and have received no stars of my 7th cup free. Please fix bugs or I'll just remove the app and start going to Wawa.
I have had problems  with this app before, everytime I buy coffee  I get my Barcode scanned for my 7th free coffee,  and my stars are never added. I Uninstalled  the app and logged back in. And now I don't have any stars. What's the point of this  Just take your money Never again
Locations Does Not Tell What Participating Stores Are Available To Use Certain Coupons Was Really Looking Forward To Give This 5 Stars Because I Really Like 711
Horrible......Cannot use I've cleared cache, uninstalled and reinstalled and app doesn't work anymore on my phones.... Sign in but page never opens or responds...,
Stopped working I've had this app since sometime in September and it worked perfectly fine for a while. Now whenever I open it I'm either not connected to the internet or it just continuously keeps loading forever. I can assure you, my internet is perfectly fine. I don't remember which email I registered with so I can't try uninstalling. What a blast.
After the first free cup downhill After I got my first free cup app doesn't add s to get to the next free cup. Always have a scanning issue.
Doesn't work Stopped  by store on the way to work, store clerk was unable to scan app, tried multiple times and different registers and nothing. So I had to pay for my coffee during free coffee week.
Always broke I get notices that I earned a free cup but the app does not mark the prior purchases. Have I purchased 3 or 6...i don't know  Some clerks also refuse to scan or make up bogus stories about the systembeing down....after they just scanned my drink cup
