Too many ads Game was good years back when ads weren't jammed down your throat  Every single time you're done a board you get an ad. You will honestly sit through more ads than game time played.  Goodbye
You need to Change the red's mighty feathers back into the one where you get unlimited birds and you can get pigs while their ridin their vehicles
Too greedy I hadn't played this in a long time and figured that I would revisit a classic with my new phone. The last time I played you had to pay for extra power ups. Fair enough. Now I not only have to pay for extra power ups, I have to pay to not have games interrupted every other minute by commercials. As much as Rovio makes from this game and it's derivatives you would think that they could keep the annoyance to a minimum. I get the need for revenue, just don't get greedy. Uninstalling.
Awful. Full of adverts I have never gave a negative review before... but... It asks for an age D.oB. I put my daughter of 3. Now its advert advert,  advert after nearly every click or game. If I could give a 0 star that would be great. All this game wants is for a young child to keep clicking on the Internet to download new stuff... This game used to be great. Uninstalled all their games now. Poor show guys.
Ads have ruined it I haven't played in a long time and the advertisements have really ruined the game.   The banner ads cover 14 of the screen and they play a loud video ad after every level.  I understand you need to make money but this has gone much too far.
What did you do you ruin a. Good game way too many pop up ads well you learned that greed is harmfull un installing you recked the game
Too much ad This came has been out for long time, now I am first trying it, but it has still way too much ads, every level you have to see a 30 second ad, so annoying time watching ads is more than playing.
Angry Ads   Video ads destroyed this wonderful game As if full screen ads r not enough u hv started pushing video ads popping out like hell during game play
Ads ads ads Haven't played this in a long time wanted to download it again however I can't even listen to my music and play a few games after every level they want to play a stupid video deleted it
Seriously 30 sec adds every other screen No wonder nobody has heard anything about Angry Birds in so long. Delete
Hated lastest update What's up with the full screen video advertising Disrupts the game every couple of levels. Very annoying. Probably will uninstall Angry Birds and say goodbye to the game forever, unless this can be resolved
You ruined a good thing with intrusive ads and videos I wouldn't have muted the game if I wanted videos to blast out at me. You've taken what used to be a fun game and ruined it with these intrusive ads and videos you force on us. I couldn't uninstall it fast enough.
It's hard Its hard because when I try to like shoot or let go of the bird it goes really high and I always have to play again
