This app is a waste of money I want my 1.99 back only reads half the qs doesn't ready printables or store qs. Tells you what the coupon clearly states.
DIDNT WORk This app didnt work AT ALL. It didn't scan one coupon I had. The only time I got a message, after about 20 minutes of trying it, said something about a upc bar and data barcode. Tried covering one, then the other, and all it does is refocus. Ill be expecting a refund
Not working I would like a refund please. This app doesn't work at all. I just want my 1.99 back. Thanks
Hate it I hate it, it gives the wrong reading on my Android, I got screwed at the store because my reading said I had to buy 1 item to save 2 but it was actually buy 2 items and save 2.. that was embarrassing at the register, my sons Iphone gives correct reading but my Android does not. I want my 1.99 back please, this app isnt helpful to me on my account   What do I have to do to get a refund I paid with prepaid Master Card. Please let me know.
Won't read coupons I have a Galaxy S5 Android, and this app won't focus on any of the coupons. I've tried all different kinds, varying in size a quality, and none have worked. This app is useless to me.  how do I get a refund
Waste of time This app doesn't do what it says it won't even let me scan a coupon Can you fix this or refund me Very unsatisfied Fix problem and I will update my review Thanks
Does not work This app does not work. It only worked once when I first got it.  When I try to exit the screen it will not close. Please refund my money. Thanks
Doesn't work on Galaxy S2 I downloaded it once, tried it, it didn't work, pressed refund, thought maybe something happened when it downloaded, so I purchased it again and it's still not focusing in on coupons to take the pic, I need a refund please.
Doesn't work Will not work. Tried 6 different coupons  NOTHING. waste of 
Won't finish downloading I have tried to download 3 times. Each time it get to 95 abd the stops. I have a galaxy s3.
Not working for Android Please refund my money. Does not scan with my phone. Works fine on a iPhone. Just says hmmm....we cannot find your coupon.
Scanner  I have to close app every time I scan a coupon. And its a hit or miss if it works right away 
Have no idea how this app works Does not work with Samsung s2  tutorial really doesn't help when your showing a iPhone not a Android
