If you can get this to work on my tv ille reinstall my TV is a toshiba the one with the Toshiba logo in the bottom left hand corner of the screen.. There is only one model like this let me know if your next update includes this if it works ille give you 5 stars
Didnt work on S5 The S5 has an IR blaster that we can use with an in built app for samsung TVs, I cant control any of my TVs with this despite trying all the configurations for the TV. Tried all for Samsung and for Sony, no response.
Bad news. I have connected the tv to the phone. I think. I have a Sanyo, so I clicked on the Sanyo option but nothing happens. Idk if there's more to do besides just connecting and that's it but or what. Please help.
Didn't work 4 me  10,000 Ads Didn't work for my Samsung BluRay player and every single little thing you do  triggers an ad to pop up, and I mean EVERY. I remember some of the ad and those I will never download them ever, because of this program app.
Bad bad don't get it It doesn't even work if it works I will give it a five but now no it doesn't work so please fix it
Just as I suspected.. It doesn't work I'm glad I didn't waste any more than 30 seconds trying this app.
First thing, the remote isn't working... And secondly the app continuously keeps on showing ads....
What a surprise another TV app on Google play that don't work are the creaters of these bollocks apps that dumb that they don't have the intelligence to make a simple remote app better off going to pound shop absolute fu cking joke
It worked before but not now Every since the update app doesn't work  unable to manually input remote to be mimicked. Which worked perfectly.  Now it gives me a list.  And my remote don't exist on this list.  Prime example of another app that they try to do to much with.  Site I'll find another that work.  0 stars to this app. Went from a 5 star app to a0 star app
Too bad for vizio. You know, there are some people who don't know what an ir blaster IS. also, put the tvs that are supported IN THE DESCRIPTION  I own a vizio TV and a Samsung Galaxy S3. I'm trying to make them work together. If this app can't do it, bloody say so  Also, other people commenting here need to stop trolling. It isn't helpful.
Ads, too much. Also, asking for a rating before you can even use the app Bullshit. The fact that it did not work for me on over 4 devices might be my custom ROM's fault
Fake shit Pls don't download. Use this mbs to text ur important people or whatever
Does not  work. I was able to use a digital camera to view the IR transmitter and it was not emitting a signal of any kind for any button push.  I'm  uninstalling...
Ads don't help Popup ads don't help, and sorting the list of remotes might be useful. That is, if it actually supported any of the TV's in our house. Prompting me for a 5 star review only serves to remind me to give an accurate rating as opposed to no rating at all.
Requests review at app start This requests an app review of 5 stars at first launch. 1 star review for this prompt. also many full screen ads. Remote list is not alphabetical. Tried one code set for Sanyo tvs. Did not work on my model.
Hate it It doesn't do what it says I have a Samsung remote and I've tried all the setting for it and none works and I've tried it on a few TV remotes and still the same outcome not worth it don't waste your time
Hated it so much Horrible app can't even turn on my tv from up close or from a few feet away and does not even have all tv remote controllers and this goes out to all the people Who say were IDIOTS and we should stop hateing because its good and r phone does not work. This app does not work because it does not have all of the remote controls IDIOT
Didn't work.. Didn't even have a option for visio tvs. And none of the Samsung options worked either for my other TV. They are new nice TVs and my phone is a galaxy so I thought it would work.
So dum I hate it does not work it's not a pro so do not get or if you want to you can but      I'm not it's wasting your charge so people who said it is good your the idiot's just so you know
Rate 5 stars to start Not cool to ask me to rate 5 stars just to start it up. Plus, the description does not explain that I need to have some special Star Trek light on my phone to make it work. Not in the instructions either. Can't get that 15 minutes back The only reason that this app has so many 5 Star ratings is because its basically required to start the app. Please make your app worth 5 stars. That way you don't have to trick people into liking it if it doesn't work for them
This dose not work I tride this app on my tv. I trade all the thigs you could nothing at all I hate  this app wort I ever trade this need work this app suks
Doesn't work at all I was tryna use this because my sister had the remote and I wanted to prank her. I tried connecting to it. I have dish so I pushed dish network after that hadn't worked, I picked the dish satellite receiver and that didn't work either. I'm just happy that you didn't waste my money, but you did waste my time I'm very disappointed.
Doesnt work This app does not work I went through every tv remote and nothing I even went through my tv settings. There must be some other thing you need to do for it to work or mabey the device you use is not compatible.
Garbage Only for tvs, doesn't work anyways and full of ads. Don't waste your time.
Doest work for Samsung Smart Tv F Series I have a samsung tab s with ir led but still doesnt work
So awsome and hated it This app is ssssooooo awsome and cool wow wow wow wow wow hold it ot really doesn't wor then they ask to rate 5 stars I hate it and don't love it soo domb
This does not work I downloaded t his thing and I pressed the power button and my tv didn't turn on
Unfortunately stopped come My cellphone is lava iris x5 nd my tv is Videocon .  give me update as fast as possible
Nope Doesn't work on my tv and the app pops up with ads that you have to click just to get them off the screen. Not worth your time
Made me annoyed Plzz users don't use this app ....I m warning u ..u guys will bang ur head after using this app 
Worst app.Don't waste your time getting this app. It doesn't work at all even when I press the buttons.Whoever call people idiots about them hating it are so out of their mind.
Not intuitive, works with very few tvs There is no instruction or set up when you open the app, and very frequent ads.  Works on only a few audiovideo devices.  No idea how this had good reviews. Uninstalled.
It is totally bad...especially with a note 4 it should work with no problem....but the ugly thing is....it DOESN'T WORK..so please check what went wrong...and started fixing...
