Not thrilled I have used this PREMIUM app for a few years now and 2x now the app updates and ERASES ALL MY INFO... then when I click restore data.. there was nothing to restore, yet I have backed up my history..
Did not back up. Lost years of use  Recently did the new system update  had to factory reset my phone. When I pulled the app back up I found that I had lost everything for this app including years worth of cycle records which I needed for a doctor's appointment. Very disappointed. Comments below say to manually backup to an email but it's sad that a paid app doesn't autobackup  frustrated  that it doesn't backup to my removable storage device to switch from phone to phone. Not happy.
failed to restore data. This used to be a great app and I'm hoping you will fix it.My phone just had problems and I lost all data. I had done a factory reset a month ago and was able to restore my data from the SD card. This time however, It will not back up. Do not know why. I've been using this app for almost 3 years now and am extremely disappointed to loose so much data. Please fix this
Poor support I emailed customer support regarding a glitch with a backup downloading every 15 minutes or so by itself work no response after a week.  I did like this program but this constant downloading backup which deletes all my data if I install it is intolerable.  I paid for this program, customer support should be better.  I'll give them one more week to respond then I uninstall if still being ignored.
Is this app even supported anymore I downloaded this app a year ago and every time I have to switch phones i can't restore my data backup. I tried to email support and the email came back rejected from the server. I'm switching to a different app. Aggravates me cuz i paid for the premium version.
Can't restore data I have used the app through at least three phone changes. No matter what, I can NEVER RESTORE MY DATA It makes me so angry to have detailed notes and lose them all I backed it up through email and my device and neither worked. Why
Hate it Every time I change phone the information  I have to input everything Manuel aging and again....it says that it will save but it wont...not worth  what  I paid...
Used to love this app Now its not reminding me of ovulation and when my cycle is going to start like it used to but I have selected to send me reminders. Is there a fix for this
No cloud backup I loved this app and used for years. But after losing my data several times  I gave up and went to another one. I still miss a lot of its functionalitys. But the backup system sucks. Edit this app was clearly abandoned, hasn't been updated since July 2013. A shame.
Won't backup data Like a lot of users, I have used this app for many years and every time I switch phones the backup data is lost. I just purchased a new phone and when the app was reinstalled my data was not there again I am so disappointed I have lost all my work that I have input I can't believe I paid app doesn't have auto back up and you actually have to manually back up your data Otherwise I would rate this as 5 stars
No medical appointment after update After May 15 update, the medical appointment tracking is removed Why It is a good feature. Pls put it back Also, can include automatic backup with configurable intervals This helps when phone crash or update fails.
