I would give it a 5 but... Will now the new leanse I have  to pay for and I have a Samsung galaxy 5 is their a way you can make the lense free again  And more available things on their for samsung Because that's not fair
Phone shuts down on app open Every time without fail I open snap chat on my note 4 my phone powers off. Doesn't matter if on WiFi or 4G. No other camera photo taking apps do this
Video snapping and filters I cant switch my camera rear to front, front to rear while i was taking a video. And i dont have the rewind filrer for video. PLEASE FIX THIS, WE NEED EQUALITY FOR ANDROID USERS
Heating problem. It get soo much of heat, while using continuously this app for 34minutes from last four updates fix bug for more review
Camera switch while recording While recording, androids aren't able to switch cameras while apple devices can.  I would give a better rating if we had the same qualities of apple devices
Samsung galaxy s6 active So whenever I try to see someone's snap chat and they have a video, the video freezes and then goes to the next snap that they have. Please fix this
Need more options Still don't have rewind or able to switch cameras while recording still.. Come on snapchat why tf does apple get all of the new features
HTC One Every time I update Snapchat I expect to see changes in the app, but that does not happen. I have none of the new features even though I update it very often. I don't have face filters or video effects or switching from front camera to back. Please fix this it's been this way for a while.
Need an exterminator to kill all the bugs The idea behind the app is good but the performance is bad and just how many bugs there is its unbelievable. Also phone shuts off when I try to open it. galaxy note 4 Verizon
Galaxy s6 active, and I can't play a single snapstory video without it being choppy, stopping or skipping.  Rewind for android please Everyone agrees 
Loading problems Any incoming snapchats to my username will not load regardless of being on wifi connection or mobile seriously annoying have to keep uninstalling and reinstalling the app
No filters I'm at the newest version and I still can't get the filters. I have a samsung s5. All of my friends can do different things to their photos crazy eyes, fat faces, scary faces, so on..                     I updated this app again, I still can't do any of the special features.
Can't view snap Have a snap that a friend sent that I can't view. When I click on it it goes to a blank, black screen. Only been happening since the last update. Come on snap chat get your life together
I would give a five, but I didn't because of one problem How is everyone already have those video edits And I dont.. you know when you open your mouth and a rainbow comes out.. I don't have that. PLEASE REPLY SNAPCHAT
Bugs I have a Samsung, and whenever my friend with an iphone sixi think sends me a photo, I can only sometimes open it, and when I can't it's just a blank screen. Also I can't see videos from iphone fives.
Rotten apples I have the note 3 and even though I just updated it I don't have any of the video features But I have the new chat update why do I have that but still no video filters  I also have friends with iPhones who have way more updates and it's not fair. Treat everyone equally it's a free app
I don't understand Why do we always have to wait forever to get the new updates unlike the iPhones 
WTF Why does the set of faces change after a while, I mean why not just have it all at one time to choose from, wtf is this Oh wow now we have to pay, screw you guys. You made an amazing app and made it better and better but now you fcked it up by making us pay for different skins. Screw you
Galaxy note 4 Okay. Just like the rest of us note 4 users, they need to fix the blackout problem.. it completely sucks when it messes with the whole phone and freezes everything. If it's not going to be fixed.. I'm just going to have to delete the app.
Wow After your updates app doesn't even work now. great job on the updates I'm done with your app Brand new HTC 9 just freezes nothing works. Great improvements just keeps getting worse. All my other apps work just great
Doesnt work after update S4 It doesnt work after the update, it won't let me login, it keeps saying that my login is temporarily unavailable. I have tried to reset pasword many times, and it still doesnt work. It works on my RAZR MAXX, and its an older phone.
no filters cant get the slow motion,fast ward, and other filters you have on here i have an lg g3 and why i cant get these i updated it and still ain't get it. why all the other phones that's Android get it but not me cause im an lg G3 user. Please fix it trying to use it
Can't see videos on my s6 Active It's been well over a month of this glitch Can it get fixed
Snail and fast motion don't work I still can't use the snail and fast motion feature on my samsung note 3 even I updated the app.
It wont let me log in It wont let me log into my snapchat it keeps saying temporarily unavailable and its getting me mad because just yesterday in the morning it was working Please respond and help me
Battery problems There have been countless times where I had more than 50 battery life and when ever I open snapchat all the battery drains and the phone dies.
