Driver don't turn up. Application poor First driver ditched me. Can't pay online  apply any coupon post ride. Uninstalled right now
Didn't turn up I had booked sedan car for airport drop 1 day in advance..my friends advised me not to book through Ola, as their cabs ditch at last moment..Thanks Ola for proving my friends right..App uninstalled 
Worst ever. Never ever drivers accept your request just because you are far away from where they are or the drop location is far because in the limited time they cannot cover many trips and earn more
I JUST HATE IT After getting confirmation and drivers number they never come to pick also they never answered our call.
Fake App,Fake refferals,not recommend anyone Made all my friends join ola by refering  all of sudden blocked my account.... When contacted them, they unblocke account but all free rides in it are removed.... When u would take back then why to give... Better not to use ola  its referal services here after  would nit recommend anyone... Finally olakobyebola
Worst cab booking app Rude drivers, dirty cab you will all find in ola.uber is the best all those who are having issues kindly join uber
Rumors came true Going through the comments I saw a lot of hate towards service and thought why. Today I experienced it. I booked for a ride later option and at the scheduled time no msg nobody showed up. I had to call the customer care to get the god damn SORRY FOR INCONVENIENCE otherwise they won't have bothered for this as well. Took the costliest ride of my life because of this. Done with you. Adios OLA.
Waste of time to prefer this I am not at all satisfied with OLA. They are charging too much by saying different conditions as applied coupon code also. Even customer care people also not providing proper information and arguing with that. Really its a time waste. Better to try another one. As you see all other reviews are also like this only. Think once before you install. For the new user also they are not providing any coupon code.
Dirty unprofessional behavior Drivers drive rash and speak in a dirty downgraded language no respect to any of the clients will never suggest or use the service ever again worse experience to opt for the service of ola.
Drivers are cheating and Ola doing nothing Please be careful taking ride with ola. Drivers started ride 20 minutes before coming to the address. Complained Ola but got no reply in 7 days
Every for out of 5 hate the app n srvices just check below Don't download it it has lots of hidden charges choose taxi f s else uber
Please make my id start. It is telling that the number of signups in this mobile has cross permissible limits. Please tell me what to do. I really want to open ola cabs because it was my best app that i have download till now. Please try and solve my problem.
Designed to loot customer For a  100 ride, they charged  267 . My first ride and what a bad impression. They have so many clauses to loot people like peak pricing charge,  ride time charge, and they have no way to deduct charges if any driver takes us through unnecessary path, they add it instead and its a loss to customer. And we also know that a certain distance take certain time, then what's the point of including ride time charge. This is worst than all other cab services.
Worst service ever Cancel the confirmed ride at last minute. Always give msg that no cabs available at any point of time...
Wtf my ac was bolcked and my refferal rides have gone....they said after 7 day ur rides will be back wtf after 14 day its no there....shame on u pepole
Why do you put cab rides using ola money.. How do I use the remaining ola money that is below 500. I am super angry with the way you are forcing customers to use the ola money. At least having paytm option is better so I can use the remaining amount in rrcharges, online payments etc.. Will never recommend ola..
HATE IT Blocked my account as i have referred many friends  I have 5free rides thats why they blocked  Bad services,worst drivers prefer uber as it the best app ever  Love uber and hate ola 
Not able to apply coupon application closing Very sad app. Just closes on its ownot when you call customer service they say it's peak time of 2 however when you ask someone else to book it gets booked on normal price..If you forgot to apply coupon then they don't allow it to be entered
Y becoz, I daily go by ola.when these rains started not even a cab or auto was available. Ola was not available when people are in need.i am using this app,going on ola cabs n autos daily almost from 3 months. Now I stopped only because it din help when I am actually in need and this app ofcourse.
Please take care while booking 1.21.62.6 rate thy charge in name of pick time take care share to all coz some many not hav Idea of this.
Not able to open app on BlackBerry Z30 I have 10.3.2.2639 OS on my BlackBerry phone, although app shows installed when I open it throws error.  On the other side works well on Lenovo K3 Note.      Use my code 9KMDLO when you register on the Swiggy App to get Rs.75 off on your first order above Rs.300. Also get Rs.75 instant cashback into paytm wallet when you apply promo code PAYTM75 while making payment via paytmApplicable for 4 transactions. TC Apply.
Poor App Service by Manipulators. Money in Ola wallet will never be credited back. Any complaint on poor service is to deaf ears. And they surge price even when 10 cars are standing empty. Hail Indian regulators
Not able to login even after gettingverification code ,getting Email from supporting system. But could not know  the reasons so it is useless for me
Expensive. There are a lot of confusing items during the billing. Uber has a better service, transparent billing and has less confusing billing.
