Very poor. Functionally it kinda works but you only get half of the menu icons along the bottom and there is no Android Menu button even though the app tells you to use it to create favorites. Very poor standard of build in this app.
No longer works with IP board Went from 5 star to 1 star because it no longer works with the latest IP Board update.  Get that working again and it'll be 5 stars again
Contacting remote server  contacting remote server Considering this is supposed to be a mature  app you'd think it'd at least be able to connect to the servers consistently and quickly with a broadband connection via WiFi. Oh well, another 1.99 and another 20 minutes of my life wasted.
Not impressed at all. Bought this to browse my forums, but it's so basic and the features are sub par. It often just hangs on connecting to forums and never comes back. It's definitely something I wouldn't recommend or use in it's current state. Even if it was free.
Best forum reader, but full of bugs they never fix Most avatars and images never load. Can't add reputation. Often flakes out.  Signatures don't show, etc. I use it because competitors are far worse, but this app is not good at all. Oh the latest update removed the favorites button so I have to look up my forum every time Awful
Terrible Formatting Looks like they haven't supported this app in a long time. Additionally,  I hate that there are constant ads despite having to pay for the app. Stick with tapatalk if your favorite forum supports it.
Horrible It was fantastic at first. That is why I bought it. Then I started noticing little things. Like the push notifications DOES NOT work. Ive had this app for 6 months and it hasnt worked for the whole time. It is also misleading when it says you can upload pictures. There is no option for that. You also cant zoom on photos. I also cant view private messages with images im them anymore. Now today ive noticed a lot of forums are getting errors. Overall this app is just not worth it.
Slow slow sloooooooooooow Using on nexus 7 and htc one. But not using cos so crap.
Awful. Had this on my iPhone, so quickly downloaded it when I switched to Android. It was awesome on iPhone, ducks on Android. Basically pointless. Photos are tiny and unable to scroll through them. Doesn't hold place in same forum and if it does, it doesn't refresh. Waste of 1.99.
This app blows Second party search engine. Stick to the internet it is free. Plus this app does not support IP boards.  Wasted my time and money. How do I get a refund
Stone age Dude. It's the year Marty goes to the future and the GUI on this is what qualifies for a PAID app This should be a legit crime. User interface is so crappy it's pixilated on my S5 and Xperia z3. Seriously this app needs a 10 year overdue aesthetic update. Get real man...
App is dead, no updates The developers have stopped supporting this app. It's full of bugs that will never be fixed and is a rip off to those of us who paid for the app
Terrible app This app, ever since the shady Internet Brands took it over, has gotten progressively worse with each update. Opens everything slowly, if at all. Sad thing is, Tapatalk is even worse. Uninstalling this failure. Sad to see a great app ruined by IB.
Why are there Ads STAY AWAY This PAID app has ads do not buy this app till they fix this issue. Tapatalk dosent have ads, I would get that insted. Plus this app is full of bugs.
Updates anyone My biggest complaint is that the icon bar at the bottom is cut off and not to mention the app hasn't been updated in over 2 years
No longer updated Works like crap on my Samsung S5. The bottom of the screen gets cut off. I can't post or reply or set any as favorites.  Apparently it is no longer being updated.
Display issues with galaxy s5 I've never been fond of this app, it's always had glitches and image rendering issues, but a forum I frequent only supports this for mobile viewing.   A recent upgrade to galaxy s5 made it even worse, now there are screen size display issues and no way to mark favorites.  Looks like the devs have also abandoned it...
Poor Tapatalk is a much more reliable and versatile forum plugin. Forum Runner crashes regularly, has image cache problems and hangs. Unfortunately there are few vialable alternatives.
Sorry excuse for a forum app You have to click more forums button at bottom of the page to see more, but constantly. Lots of useless forums in the list that are available. 5 to 10 seconds of waiting before content shows up. Over priced for what you get. I would get a refund if I could. Grade I would give is a D
Disappointing app after all There are some rendering glitches extra lines are added before and after URLs, some tags do not work at all. Unfortunately forum links open the web browser. It also keeps losing most of the images avatars, logos, etc and needs to clear the image cache to fix it.  Update it seems that it's the most regretted app purchase I've made until now. Many complaints, no updates. Tags not working. I wish I could get a refund.
Doesn't work The search function for forums doesn't work right. And when I tap on a forum any forum all that happens is an unknown error popup message appears and the app stays blank. Luckily I paid out of Google Rewards credits because this app just does not work.
Won't let you post in forums you're already a member of. Customer service is also no help. Their response I am sorry the app is not working for you. Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do for you at this time. If you want a refund for the app, I recommend contacting Google Play. Can't do that since it took them over a day to respond to my complaint.
Only works on internal list of forums. Does not work on amy forum, please refund my purchase
What happened App doesnt work cant get to the FJR forum please fix or  send back my money
Wont open 95 of forums You get a list of forums that I haven't heard of.  And most of them won't connect. . Very poor program. I WANT A REFUND
Not working It doesn't work at all on my new phone.  The one plus one 
Did not work at all Tried to browse forums and could not connect at all.  Refund please.
Abandoned... Was good app at one time, but has been abandoned by the dev. Hasn't been updated in 2 years... Waste of time and money now.
