Would rate 5 if it didnt crash. I MEANT WHATS WRONG WITH GAMES ITS LIKE THERE ALL GOING TO CRAP. and im sick of dum people r saying ohh my games crashed and all that crap. I meant who ever creates dopey games like that should just fixem 4 good. JESUS CHRIST IM ONLY 9. p.s no afence but. So yeah if a game crashs just add a coment. Or delete the dopey app
It doesn't work. Every time I click the game, it says, Unfortunately Survival Games doesn't work right now. To be honest, this game is a waste of my storage space.
What the world When u make your own world you can not go in it unless you have to have three players to join and that is not right because it is ur world so that is not ok other then that I like every thing else
Pop up ads I use to love this game until they started adding pop ups and now the pop ups are so bad they are showing up in the middle of the game which caused me to lose a few times. Get rid of pop ups or can you at least show them at a more appropriate time please
What When I play a game it logs me off if you can fix it I will rate 5 stars and the ads block my stuff and if you can fix it I will rate 5 stars for sure plz.
I attacked someone and i died when that guys didnt even attack me wth fix this
Hate hate hate it I,m really bad at it
It doesn't work I try to play but it wouldn't let me play
I will be nice, when I try to start the game, It doesn't work. If I could play this might of been a 5 star rating.
Does not work I click on it and it puts me to a blank screen with the game pic and title in the left top corner please respond
It doesn't work on my tablet
Bad understanding I like this game, but when it says i die and to do a new game, it shuts down and takes me to the home screen of my phone. Rate 5 if that was fixed. Also i dont like the stuck in glass houses for the beginning of survival island. Change that
Survival games Hated it. It wont even losd. WhatEVER you Do DONT download it.
Doesn't load When I go to press on it,it doesn't go to the game ,it just stays there
