Very irritated Whenever I start the game it suddenly stops and comes back to the main screen. I downloaded the additional content but it is not working and just comes back to the main screen. I have tried to start the game many times but all in vain and I am very irritated with this. Please fix it fast then you will get five stars.
Dont install this game its really not legit to anything I've had 10 people comment that it was bad on instagram this game also glitches and makes the murderer shock you even when you make it through the door and then u have to start all over again this has happened to me about 57 times before I am disappointed in whoever even made this game  that glitch is so annoying but this is a really stupid annoying game
Great game ruined by intrusive reminders The game itself is excellent. What knocks a full three stars off my rating is the makers' decision to bombard me with notifications, instructing me to play it.
very bad i can't download the extra content even though i have 6 GB free, fast wifi and i gave it 7 hours still at 18
What to do . I have played old version and it was great but now it's showing to download extra content and now what to do .... Please tell..
stuck data downloading three times i've tried download this game data, and it always stuck about 9096. Zenfone 5
Worst game ever in the world ... Can't download extra content , it stucks on 16 .... plz try to resolve 
Not working. It had some downloading problem. And then it was not supported by my azuz zenfone 5..
Going Back Again When it is already 26, it come back to 1 again. And when I don't download the extra content, it doesn't open. Please fix this
Unable to play. Whenever I am playing this game it got stopped after 2nd stage in ASUS Zenfone 5
Downloading problem. Asking to download extra content, but after 90 or before that the download stops and restarts. Not working at all. It's not working in asus zenfone 4.. please fix that..
The touch sensitivity The touch input is so dumb Fix it
Doesn't store purchase history I already completed ask the levels and wish to start over more . It's that good ... but like other apps why can't I download the vector full pack without making another purchase . I have already bought it and I don't see a download button like my other purchased apps. Reason with this and I will change the rating .
Vector full Who ever made it fix it please i downloaded it 2 times and it still did not work
Annoying Data download getting stuck everytime.I'm fed up.Asus Zenfone 5
What's the problem Not being able to download the additional data. Obb plz help
