Slow and freezes As of the last update the game is no longer playable. Very slow to respond and freezes a lot.
No longer playable. The last update has destroyed this game. You need to drag whoever did it out into the street and shoot himher in the temple. Leave their body for the birds to pick clean.
This game has potential This game has great polish and design, but the continual crashing makes it unplayable. As a software engineer I don't understand why the developer isn't taking care of this. On a Nexus 9, crashing occurs after about 10 minutes of game play.  Given this level of reproducibility it should be easy to find the memory leak or other root cause.
This app keeps freezing I have always loved the game, but this app is nerve racking to say the least. It's keeps freezing, and then states that stratego has stopped. This needs to be fixed.
Good game, but it keeps crashing. Game keeps crashing since downloading waterloo.  AI is a little better since update, but not nearly good enough for a challenge
Crashes all the time .99 add on campaign crashes on fourth mission every single time. Love the game, wish they could fix this.
Crashes all the time Started great, really enjoyed playing the game. After a day of having the game, it crashes all of the time.  Apparently I'm not the only one. Needs to be updated. Don't buy
Do not download Rip off I put it on level 3 difficulty for somewhat of a challenge and it just cheats you. Ex. Going around bombs , knowing where the spy is everytime without it moving. Level 1 and 2 must be for children, not even remotely fu n. Level 3 is the opponent can see all your pieces. NEXT TIME GET A GUN AND MASK CAUSE IVE BEEN ROBBED
Not good You cannot set up your pieces the way you see fit. Where is the strategy in that
Game knows where your pieces are and avoids them.
This game is BS. It cheats. It knows exactly where your pieces are and it knows exactly what pieces to avoid until it has favorable conditions to make a move. There's not a human opponent anywhere on earth that is as conspicuously psychic as the computer opponent in this game. It knows EXACTLY where my Marshall is at all times. THIS GAME SUCKS.
Great game but crashes I cant finish a level without crashing
Great game, but keeps crashing Great game, but now after the update it crashes constantly...
