Not Thrilled I feel like I was too gullible and blinded by my love of the sport. This game doesn't make sense.  Goalies don't stand in front of the goal. When the ball goes out on a pass of theirs they get the ball back randomly Face offs are atrocious. The user defense doesn't play well, while the computer picks off the ball rather well.. over all I was obviously disappointed. This was a 1.99 game at best...
I'm sad I am a backer for the main game and have bought every game of yours but honestly this makes me mad. Laggy, buggy, lose a face off and it's a goal on me. Ridiculous. Please fix it
Horrible The goalie is always out of the goal and sometimes out of the crease how is he supposed to save the goals And this game just sucks all around NEVER BUY THIS GAME IT SUCKS
Waste of money Smh defense aspect sucks have not git used to it after almost a week of trying faceoff seems random cant even have fun trying just get angry trying other team passed took a curve ball almost 90 degree turn my goalie almost always is out of net for some reason like comeon dint realease the game unless its working good
Please Fix I expected more. Goalies can't save a single ball, faceoffs are unrealistic, and if you lose the faceoff, they mostly always score. Also for some reason I can't switch out substitutes. Laggy and dull graphics. Looking forward for an update sometime soon.
Offense is okay, defense is terrible. I'm not choosing to get a refund because I want to support the main game, but this game isn't worth the purchase. You have minimal control on offense, but at least you can do what you want when you have the ball. Defense on the other hand is awful. Checks always lag and rarely ever do anything. Goalies don't do much, seem more like a decoration. Hopefully the game for the consoles is much better.
Refund First off the pictures make the game look better than it is. The buttons are small i cant press them The gameplay could be better the face offs suck and defenders don't defend. I want a refund or i want lacrosse dodge for free This game is not what is promised.
I Come on guys I expected better but you should add a player customization in here
Don't waste your money... This game let me down, not happy with it. IT SUCKS DON'T BUY
Very bad It looks like they did this in a day. Goalies are the worst except the team you go against. If you lose a face off. They score.  I hope they can fix this game in the next update.
Too laggy I have a note 3 so its not a weak phone but this game is so laggy that I can't play. Fix the lag and it'd be a 4 star game for sure
Goalies Good game and pretty accurate representation of lacrosse, but the fact that your goalie can't tell which end of the stick to catch with and the other goalie might as well be a pro makes it very difficult to get anywhere. Also, the faceoffs are impossible and the defenders can't check.
Fuckin shittest game ever do not buy waste of money
Meh So laggy. Too hard to control players. Buttons awkwardly placed. Waste of money
Love lacrosse I love lacrosse but this game is horrible not worth the money I paid. I hope the console game is better because you can't win I threw my phone in the first game it's so bad
Gross The worst game  I have ever played.
This game has potential but... This game has potential to be a great game but there are some things that need to be fixed.                  1. The lag needs to be fixed.               2. Actual rules need to be used.   The computed team has attackman that can go into my crease and score.                                  3. The faceoffs need to be fixed so that people actually know how to win them.                                               Update the game and I will update my review.
Good idea terrible execution This game just sucks overall. I blinded by my love of lacrosse and  excited to see a lacrosse game but was very dissapointed with the quality and game play.
the controls are awful and everything else thats wrong with this terrible game stems from that issue.
Hated it It is very hard 9 points in 30s
Bad You actually have to pay for this crapy game
No not get this app The checks are terrible and the joystick has difficulty sensing your finger. Also the goalies don't make any saves.
