Rip off This bot does not learn or remember, its speech is limited and eats your data bc it constantly needs a connection
Won't start Unfortunately cleverbot has stopped. I can't use it, and haven't been able to for three years. This was never fixed.
Glitch I do love cleverbot and i would have rated 5  stars if it wasnt for something that has been happening to me. Every time i send a message it tells me i need connectivity. I have tried multiple solutions but cant seem to make it work. If anyone else has this problem let me know. I hope they are patching this soon because i love the hilarious conversations . Please inform me if there is a solution for this.
It is extremely rude Don't download this app I ask it simple questions and it insults me. It calls me stupid and asks if I can hold an intelligent conversation. A total waste of money for me. I can honestly say that I want my money back I didn't spend my money to be insulted by a robot.
Constantly off topic. Bot will not hold conversation. Constantly responds with statements or questions that don't make sense. This app uses a constant connection to internet anyway why not just connect it to the good CleverBot
It sucks, it always Crashes This stupid app is ways crashing, i cant even use it for more than 3 minutes with out it crashing on me. Save your money its complete trash.
Risky DO NOT DOWNLOAD   The robot if thats what it really is asked for my full name, address, phone number and other personal details, do not download unless if you want to be chatted up by some perv
Frequently crashes It's great when it works. It crashes upon requesting a response from the bot. It's unusable at the moment. I will update this review with 45 stars when they fix the app.
Doesn't work Says I have no connection but obviously I do if I'm typing this
Keeps forced closing When I type certain sentences, it keeps closing. Hated it
Connectivity It keeps saying that I'm not connected to Internet but I have WiFi and good service and have tried using both. Frustrating.
... Was great originally but since the update keeps crashing and has to close so can't use it any more. 
It keeps closing I will try to go to settings or send a few messages then it stops working
Did cleverbot take stupid pills I really enjoyed cleverbot when it was in a browser it felt like it was contributing to the conversation this application is just a random as s
Fraud This app is no an artificial intelligence program it is a program that connects you to another person so if you ask the same question you will not get the same response and computer programming logic would dictate that if  you have an input of 6 then the answer would always be the same
I want my money back I want a refund as soon as I got it it would not let me get a refund
