Won't stream to Chromecast No matter how many times I've tried or what settings I change on my router port forwarding etc. SlingPlayer for Phones will not stream to my Chromecast as advertised I keep getting the Unable to Connect 2 message Only way to watch on the big screen is to mirror my phone screen which drains my battery. PLEASE FIX CHROMECAST STREAMING
I like the idea... BUT The interface is that of earlier iPhone generations.. this has to be fixed. It is sub par at best. Buggy. Similar to Web player for computer. Need to invest time and money into these fields. I just got new chromecast and it will not stream for more than a few mins without crashing. Phone says you are streaming to chromecast but the chromecast isn't casting
Giving up... Sling Media should be ashamed of the poor execution of this app. It's riddled with bugs. If you're very patient, it will generally connect to the Chromecast after an average of 10 tries. If you just want to watch on your device no Chromecast it works.
Google class action lawsuit against slingbox NO CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPPORT I paid a lot of money for this and it's not working.  Paid for the tablet and phone app. IT'S NOT WORKING with chromecast Every other chromecast app works this one NEVER has. Liars,  cheats  crooked. I'm not the only one with this problem read more reviews Slingbox just buries their heads in the sand.
Can't cast to Chromecast Only reason I bought this ripoff is to use it on chromecast because you can't do it on PC for some stupid reason greedy company. And it won't work. Chromecast won't stream. A lot of complaints online and in reviews here. Can't connect 2
Chromecast Unusable Casting to chromecast lags, buffers, and picture quality is constantly fuzzy. Well documented bug with hundreds of customers reporting with no resolution for one year. I encourage other customers to rate 1 star to force Sling to resolve. Please Sling address complaints in the support forums.
Ridiculous So I have had the app for we'll over a year and had the login email and password cached in my old  phone and can't seem to figure it out on this phone whether bad password or incorrect login.   My beef is there's no assist option only loops back to try again and again... Good grief..
No Chromecast Chromecast doesn't work on my android phone or my iPad  It used to work on both but now it doesn't work on either one  The chromecast icon doesn't even show up, what happened It's advertised to work with chromecast but it doesn't  My review rating would be higher if it worked as advertised
Cannot chromecast Update The app will not cast to my 2015 2nd gen Chromecast. The stream gets glitchy then cuts out after about 5 min. The app seems to cast fine to my 1st gen chromecast. No glitches when casting there. SlingBox no longer casts to chromecast. It will cast for a minute or so then there will be errors in the picture. Shortly after it will disconnect.
Spotty chromecast streaming Works great when watching on my phone but has trouble connecting to my chromecast. It will either not connect at all or connect and show on my TV but still show connecting on my phone so I cannot control anything. Other times it connects fine. I bought my chromecast and slingbox to watch my sattelite TV in other rooms in my house but it doesn't work consistently enough to make it an enjoyable option or an option at all.
Note 4 keeps crashing Not sure what's going on but the app keeps restartingcrashing every minute on my note 4  m1 combo.
Not Casting to Chromecast I can cast YouTube, Netflix, and VideoStream to my TV with Chromecast but SB keep saying UNABLE TO STREAM 10... What is the issue Never seen that in the year I've Been casting. Will someone HELP
Can't connect. Can somebody help me connect Everytime I click connect button its just directing me to a white screen with nothing in it.
Completely ridiculous that you are now forced to watch ads in order to access the device  This on top of having to have paid 15 per device app  of course the cost of the box.  I knew that Dish would jack me over eventually.
Long in the tooth. It does work, but forcing advertisements on customers and requiring the purchase of this app show their interest is in profit and not in quality product. I am in search of alternate solutions. Why the review For pushing for a 5 star review Instead, you get the truth.
 Connectivity issues without explicit instructions on how to fix them without a Mac Or PC.. when it does work it's a great app..just not reliable which is exactly why I needed a Slingbox..
If you plan on streaming to chromecast, don't waste your money.  Doesn't work,
Cant easily record future program Try recording a program that occurs the in several  days.  No obvious way to do it  help file almost useless.  Older version much easier to do many things.  I had to use my PC version to set up recording correctly.  Travelling in Yukon with very limited internet access
Doesn't Work I somehow got it to work when I was next to the slingplayer.  I have never gotten the mobile app to connect while away from the original Internet connection. Just doesn't work.  Only bought it to be able to cast to a TV with a chromecast.
