HATE IT. I don't want to get add automatically anyone in my friend list... For that what I've to do nimbuzz will tell I'm getting irritate when people's get automatically add in my list it's all about my privacy concern.. n please don't say to send me I already did mail if u want exact date n time I will n I can   still I'm waiting for ur positive response...
haha haha using since about 2009 met some really good people and can not believe that I can not log in anymore  as Ashar Hasan mentioned below it is really irritating after using the service for many years... Hey Ash how are you... 
Give me a reason to use this app I'm using Nimbuzz since 2009, but not any more. Every time I login it says username password incorrect. I've tried last 3 updates, same problem in all versions. Now, I don't see any reason to keep this in my phone or anywhere.  BTW, who told you its 'worlds best instant messenger' STOP day Dreaming. And Do Not 'CopyPaste' the following in your reply This issue you're facing require further follow ups blah blah blah.
Username and password incorrect What's going on I'm not able to login with my ID and password. I reinstalled this app. But didn't work. I try to reset the password and got no reply from you guys. Please fix the issue
Add new options Plz add new options in meet stranger chat, add new options to select whether want to connect with female or male stranger ids only. Also add clear all chat option while chatting one to one chat.
new version is bad i cant search populer chat room.. 1sr older version is very good... new version is useless cant search chatroom .... bad bad new version dont update ur older version of nimbuzz...
When ever i try to see display picture in room it show no diaplay picture and no internet connection after that i get disconnected even id i post any msg in room
Improvements needed I was able to sort my online contacts before, it's failing and my friends have moved to newer apps... could do with these additions of searching for online users and how about a suggestion submitting bot Also one should be able to delete their account.
Hvac technician If I call India no good talking on nimbuzz voice quality is not good before good but now no good.
I can't connected with my Facebook friend with this app
this new version is not good,always stop and when i log in it say error or id and user name is in correct.its so annoying until now i cant log in.pls fix it...
Bad Service Nimbuzz was working well and the voice calling was very clear before this recent update. Now that i have recharge bundles to call the U.S.A, it takes time to ring and even if the person picks the call, the network always crack. Kindly bring back the previous version or make a new update. Bad voice, bad service
Calls not working past few days. Unable to hear over nimbuzz calls. Worked fine until recently.
Unfortunately, Nimbuzz has stopped After new update its not working kindly fix this issue.
Unlike All contacts are getting synchronised even if we are not using it
Poor Nimbuz was best on nokia.....on android the rooms are not saved.....nothing is there in fav..lots of bots....lots of abuse.....
There should be option for to scan contacts or not . shouldn't force it
Annoying This app added those friendsby it self  which i don't want to add
Thankz to u Not gud hehe.very poor application...damn
