All was well... Until I installed a battery stat monitorapp. Oh my good god this app keeps my phone from EVER going into deep sleep And I don't even have the refresh rate turned up high Gotta do something about the wake locks guys otherwise I can't really recommend this to people on a good conscious like I used to.
Battery drain in recent releases. Best clock and calendar widget bar none in the store. Problem is the battery drain is simply unacceptable. Even with all the realtime settings disabled why does this appwidget consume so much cpu time Even with no widgets active its still the second highest drain on my phone. Saddened to uninstall until this is fixed. Never used to be like this in older releases.
Widgets r freezing I like it heaps but the clock widgets or 1z that display the time all freeze for no reason or they js randomly show a different time all together. I dont know wats goin on but can u fix this plz i hate having to reset my ph or delete the widget and replace it agen js to get the right time shown. Thanks
I like it... But don't buy waste of money The widget to toggle like WiFi and Bluetooth is really delayed like I'll press the button it with turn offon but the button won't update for a while Update The delayed toggles are really irritating and I'm about to switch back to what I had before, please is there any thing to fix this I uninstalled it now because nothing is getting fixed
Battery drainer If you want an app that sucks back battery life like a housewife at a wine festival, then this widget is for you.  In the meantime, this widget gets one star for being a battery draining power hog.
Used to be good This used to be the best widget app out there but lately...... Not so much hasn't been updated in months there's problems with the weather updating and being off alot..... And now everytime I try to add a widget to my home screen it crashes my launcher...WTF
Crap widget that does NOTHING good Don't waste your money people  this app may look pretty but it is totally USELESS. It simply doesn't update the time. Style over substance USELESS USELESS USELESS  Can I have my money back please
Was good, no longer working Had it working fine on my old phone with custom widget and all, now on my nexus 6, I install, can open the actual app, but in my widget selection screen they aren't there to add to my home screen. No happy as I depend on my power toggles
Recent Version Weather... With the recent versions, the weather does not work. It will not refresh, and when I try to add new locations it says no internet connection. Tried all the three available weather services.
It's ok but .. I don't feel it offers very much at all. For some extremely basic options it's alright but it needs FAR more widget alternatives like a 3x1 horizontal  vertical for example. It really is very basic, for my needs that is.
Time doesn't update Loved the app until the time doesn't update all the time. Uninstalled til fixed Clock just stops. all other works   fine. Galaxy s5 verizon
Recent time problems I have used this app for years and never had any problems. I've had it installed for months on my new phone Note 4 and no problems either. Now over the last couple weeks the time has not been updating and is out of sync. It continues to get worse every day. Running Android 5.0.1 on Note 4. Please help
Can't adjust incorrect time After a recent update, this widget now displays daylight savings time so is now an hour ahead and cannot be adjusted. This has left me with no choice but to buy a new widget.
