Lost all of my locations in a previous update.  Now I can only search for major cities so I can't see the weather for where I live,  unless I use the GPS feature.  And then it isn't accurate anymore. Was 5 star,  now very irrelevant. I queried the update and loss of search locations but got nowhere. Update, it is 8 degrees today,  accuweather app tells me is it 0 degrees Totally useless now. Today's update is still crap. Useless app
I want a refund because it is  not providing me with correct weather reports
Unable to find  locations in search. Still crap Can't find lots of locations like Newquay, tidworth, abbotsbury and a few others, I expect lots more too, really annoying wish I hadn't paid for this.
Unable to install, 505 error Used to work fine, now it wont update or reinstall. Good thing I paid for it....
Continuing problems. Great App....BUT....The app flashes me popup notices that, AccuWeather not working or AccuWeather stopped then locks everything up until Droid can figure out the problem and let me use the phone again. This is a continuing problem on multiple phones. Deleted and reloaded. Works OK for month or two then the problem starts all over again.
Great Weather reports are not upto date. The Weather Channel gives a more updated report.
Android wear support I've had this app for a while and it's consistently inoperable on Android wear...
Latest update bricked my app. No longer works, install error after update. Fix it.
Listed GUI You would think that in this day and age, it MIGHT be useful to allow the user to configure a start screen for this app.  Instead of having to scroll every stinking time I open it to see the radar.  I understand I can select maps from the menu but it might be novel to allow me to configure this as an option I even purchased in hopes of the premium being better, nope, it just had ads removed, a bust Am I missing something
Can't get French towns to show I have this app on my iPad where it works really well so bought it for my phone but searching for large French towns it cannot find them.
Rain r shine This app does not know rain from sun. They sure know how to take ur money. Fails when needed most. Bad weather, will not work. Not recommended.
