So much more to offer than similar apps Started wfree app, then upgraded to paid app.  I don't buy many apps, but I felt this one was worth having.  Thanks, Zonewalker.  You've made a great app.  I appreciate it.  Only issue after switching to new phone,  Pro Version won't work.  Have had to use free one.  Inquiry to support unanswered. Backed up files before switch not detected or showing on SD card as FAQ instructions say it should.
Good app but disappointed I love this app.  It helps keep track of everything for your car.  I just wished there web site was more of a user interface. Update just had my phone crash and had to get a new one. Due to the old phone not working at all I lost the last five months of info because it was being baked up on my phone only, and not out to the cloud.  Very disappointed that this is not an option to automatically back up to Dropbox, Google docs, ect.
Horrible customer service for paid sub. Used to love the App even paid to upgrade.  Got a new phone and could not get my old data.  Tried their email to resolve the problem, emailed them multiple times finally got a response, but zero follow up.  Too bad customer service has been so poor.
Nice app, BUT.. As handy and as nice as this app is, it would sure be nice if you would add the ability to adjust the fonts. Why youguys choose to use these bloody PICO FONTS is beyond me. Not everyone has eyesight that can easily see these extremely tiny fonts,   would also be k7nd of nice if you incorporate a tablet mode
Used to be GreatNo Support This used to be my go to app, I upgraded to the premium because it gave me access to widgets which were incredible, it would show you your rolling gas prices and fuel efficiency, with the most recent update, widgets disappeared and I can't get them back  I sent an email to support that went unanswered  I want to give them five stars, but they don't respond to emails  I will gladly switch my review if I can get a response from them about why widgets disappeared
