Doesn't work I block a certain number and the next time the same number calls it does not screen the call and doesn't show that it is a blocked number. I can even go back into the call history and see where I blocked the exact number. Seems kind off odd too because I never got as many solicitors calling until I got this app. Seems like the app manufacturer is selling the number of the people who download the app to the solicitors.
Not working anymore After the latest update I've started getting calls from blocked numbers again.  It no longer hangs up automatically
I had to uninstall the app as it no longer works on my nexus 5..can anyone provide me a reason if this app is not compatible with Android 6.0. as I have never faced this problem before..                                            Thanks for your help..its working perfectly fine now..
Don't work on my s6 edge App was fixed and great again on my s5 changed to a s6 edge now it only works if the phone is unlocked won't display anything if phones locked plz fix and 5 easily again I love this app
When I tried installing it the verification call Isn't working I've been asked to confirm my phone number, when I do it says I've tried a number of times and should call back In 24 hours. I have the same problem for past 3 days.
Call blocking not workng I was added one contact into block list, but when it comes call was not blocking.., pls fix the problem
Fix the XXL widget The XXL widget doesn't update when I receive or make new calls, it's stuck on the last calls after I turn on the phone or I have to remove it and then put it again in order to update, I use it to make calls because it's faster than going through phone app on Sony Xperia ZL C6503 Android 4.4.4   23rd of November 2015 Update I have got the Xperia Z3 Compact running Android 5.1.1 and I'm still experiencing the same issue, please fix
CRAP  After the latest update, I have started getting calls from BlockedSpam numbers. TrueCaller doesn't even screen these calls. Only after the call is over,I look at the app  it says, Call From Spam Number,TrueCaller Muted It.  HOW IS IT HELPING ME IF you folks ARE JUST MUTING SUCH CALLS  NOT BLOCKING THEM COMPLETELY 
Spam Since installing this app I have received much more spam texts and calls than ever before, yes some calls are being blocked, but it seams like you have given out my details so I get more spam to make your app appear more impressive and texts to make me install your text app. Some friends from my address book have also seen an increase in calls. Coincidence
After the last 23 updates the caller id of the person calling me is not displayed on the screen at the time of ringing. It was a better experience before. What is the use of the app if i am not able to know who is calling me and whether i want to answer the call or not. Please fix it asap otherwise i my have to uninstall the app as it is of less use now to me.
it doesn't work with Asus Zenfone 5 LITE not block the spam number..it just give me notification..only after the call stop i can see the notification,the number is spam..
