The new update broke it I'm extremely disappointed with the updates to the voices. I've baught six of them and can no longer use them for reading. The voices pause in weird places and are incredibly choppy. How did this update even make it to the Play Store I wish I could go back to the previous versions.
Doesn't work, can't refund Doesn't work with any apps that support TTS. Only works in system settings and the app itself. When there should be speech, there is only silence. Took too long to download the MASSIVE amount of data, and having retried twice, I now can't refund the purchase. I want my money back
Poor Misold as it does do what it should. Very poor, doesn't work with any of my phones apps. Refund wanted.
Somewhat off Mark I enjoy Amy, Ivona's British accent, which sounds authentic with very good inflection. However, I wanted a male voice, too, but William has somewhat of a robotic voice that's inflection not aligned with the reading's intent. I know that you'll improve this in time... It's on your way.
Today's update broke it It used to be my TTS of choice but after today's update its really bad. words like WhatsApp or charging sound like he's just about to die or his last words before dying. please fix that.
Choppy, stutters Best voice, but stutters when I try to use it with my tts reading app. It's bad enough that I can't really listen to it.
REFUND IT SAY NOT LICENCE BUT I BOUGHT IT gt
Tone of the voice is good but... I wish they would improve the pronunciation and emphasis to produce a question instead of a statement. It would make the reading of a story more enjoyable.
Will not install
Hate the update It was great until the update. My HTC desire won't work now with it. I don't know what happened. I uninstalled it to get rid of update. 2315 Alltel made me change cell  go to att. It will not work on the moto x 2nd generation. I paid for this, so I would like to use it or give me my  back.
Loved the voice but pointless for my purpose I am using this voice for my tasker profiles on my phone.   I am using it to read out loud time dates and weather on command....   5102015 should be read as may 5th but instead is being read as October the 5th.. I am outside my 15 min window to return... I do love the voice... Can you please update to give an option to read the date... I will update accordingly.   Thanks
terrible it's not even as good as the Google TTS male UK voice. I'm mad I paid for it It isn't even as good as the sample on the website. I'm real upset I can't get my money back. Caveat emptor
Doesn't work with 5.0.1 Lollipop broke this app. I emailed the dev, who says its compatible with lollipop. It isn't.
App itself is broken The app used to be able to speak whatever you typed in, now it displays a don't allow user access message and closes itself. Please fix ASAP.
