Very very very slow Please make sure that shaadi. Com application should run as fast as possible .It's taking 15 to 20 minutes  time to open that  too I have 3G Internet.           Initial chatting with the members should be free for a day at least.
Not proper verification I had been searching alliance behalf of my bro BT he had got his life partner within our friends circle, nd now proceeded search for sister in law they say to submit I'd BT ur app is nt working proper to submit help me regarding dis if nt going to uninstall it
Worst If there is any option of zero star i really would like to give. Just money making site. Readera dont be member of them . Instead go for jeevansathi or any other. Simply sayng this is only for paid members. V bad experience. Uninstalling 3.
Waste of time or u can say they are making u fool If u are paid member only got any responce otherwise no responce.. total tym waste
Really disgusting app.wanna give zero rating if available I had seen a profile  interested in dat but after sometime I searched for dat its not appearing.  it asking its profile id. How can we remember profile id. I just Remembered his name  image only.I wasted a lot of my time spending on it.if der's any zero rating will pakka dat suits for it
Worst App Ever Every time I try to search it will say 200 matches but only show 10 or so and doesn't matter I much I scroll down it keeps showing the same people over and over.
slow ...pathetic app .... no properly design worst app that i hv ever seen...  chat is hangs ..delay in msgs and receive duplicate msgs... poor interface  search emails  chat history  ... no navigation design....my parents feel difficult to understand this site... fb is very easy  for them .... i think u guys dnt know what u r doing ... just mKing  money or no improvement...
Does not allow to chat with accepted premium members Basic member mentioned chat with premium member is free in app.I downloaded it but it doesn't allow me to chat with respective premium accepted members  ..can u  guys fix it I will give five stars for it if so
Not user friendly Menu jumping is not good. Overall experience is not friendly on interface. Red background with white font is absolutely worst.
Not even able to proceed with profile creation process I have a nexus 7 tablet. Your UC Browser pop ups interrupt the profile creation process, please please block pop ups for first time users at least . how do I proceed with profile creation process  Please explain  This is ridiculous .
Extreme slow This app is so slow it almost hangs each time if i toggle to different icon.. worst is i have specified clearly m looking out for a particular community bt still it doesnt filters any   candidate.  Worst experience.  Hv installed and uninstalled 34 times bt no difference..
Waste app waste of time. Poorest of recommendation even after being a paid member u just make fool of people by selling your stupid plans. If there would be a negative rating I would have given that.Still full of bugs. Option for refine search kindly remove that as it does not works. Every time I set some settings those are gone even after saving them.
Hate it Nothing in it.. its just an app for making money. There is no way in it to express ourselves in front of anyone whom u like...
Cheaters They have just made it money making business. As soon I became their paid member, it seems they have hidden my profile. There are no recent visitors to my profile. Even when I search I don't find any match. I have fallen in their trap. Please don't register on this site.
I cant change my profile again after login I have selected as gursikh but all telugu tamil and other.profiles are coming on matches except what i want and  i can't delete the matches u referred to me useless app and site
Worst App used so far This is the worst app I have ever used. it is of no use.   I am really very disappointed. I wish I could had given negative star
Very Bad Only for paid or premium members...This App is only time pass... paid app..only paid.....if u paid 3000 or 4000 then u got responded...... otherwise useless ..i dont know when u pay wht ll responded by the developer. When i start this app its take so much time...while i m using 4g connection.....west app....never use
Waste of time.requests are not at all genuine It's such a waste of time in finding your so call soul mate in such hopeless online matrimony sites..requests are not at all genuine...fake ppl...pathetic experience....Most of the ppl only want to flirt around...
Worst app Dis app even just dont allow you to chat, call, sms i.e. there is no way you can contact others without BEING MEMBER
Admin keep changing the statusabout me in my profile Please do not waste your time in downloading this bulshit app. They just want money. Moreover, everything I change or update about me or mention any contact details admin Changes my whole text . WTF
World greatest dabbaa app. No use if u not paid. No conversation no contact only watch n west time.  
Upgrade y so Y is upgrading so important before I chat Y can't I chat without upgrading Make this improvement in this app so that people can chat without wasting money.
It's broken It doesn't work properly and doesn't do what it should. Problems with partner preference and overall experience is rubbish it's not value for money
Not very user friendly This app sucks.... It doesn't let you edit your basic profile details... I mean what's the use of such site... If someone has entered something incorrectly, he should stick to that Pathetic...
Waste.   It is. Change concept pls Hi sry but ur app is waste .. Well I knw u r not giving access to users for msgs.  That's makes it waste ..as at least in start you should provide few access . ..improve ..or learn from ur competitor.. That's my advice
Ridiculous, filled with bugs The latest update is ridiculous Clicking on any profile on  the app goes back to Profile ID Search, simply wasting your time... how hard is it to make an app update that actually works, totally garbage...
No Notification I dont get any notification on emails,accepts, or of any other kind.. please fix. I dont even get alerts om my email.. i recall i uses to get a email a sms and the app alert but now nothing.
Submitting the id trouble It was going good but now it is asking for submitting  id and when i am clicking to submit its not getting clicked. So i am unable to open my account
Search option is horrible When you go to two way matches tab or reverse match tab then put refine search, it is bringing same data same profile, refine is not working. Either it bring the same data from cache or pagination is not done properly. Kindly fix it or improve the search criteria.
