Ok but cost wise no benefit I've had this app for a long time and I've got limited use out of it. The purchased interface doesn't do much more than the free one. If you want to do anything beyond that you pay even more. The app works but cost wise your better off to order a DKCAN cable, do a little reading, and be able to program whatever you want on any car at any time.
Folding mirrors No longer an option anymore since recent update on my e60
DANGEROUS and full version isn't so full. Bricked my FRM with this app.  Google BMWHAT FRM.  I will never stray from my notebook and KDCAN cable again.  It worked once coding light options.  The next time I used it to code some light options, it bricked the FRM.  No voltage issues, all done properly.  My first failed coding I used this app because I didn't feel like breaking out my coding setup.  Lesson learned
Doesn't connect for me Bluetooth connection is fine but to do any actual changes I need USB connection iv tried several cables now with nexus 4 and nexus 7 and can't connect, wasted time, wish I had just used a laptop, forms it proved pointless and a waste of money, chasing a full refund
E90 Very disappointed. I tried the free version and it worked, then paid for the full one but it only crashes ... I really wanted this app, but at this point the only thing that i want is my money back.
Paying 60 and you still won't get the complete app. You still gotta pay extra for service dates.          Very bad UI needs material design              Texts are sometimes cut off.                          No real time visual update for the meters huge delay if the engine is switched off when the app is connected to the adapter switching between cockpit items takes forever
DPF REQUEST DOES NOTHING. Thank you for finally reading my comments properly and writing back an appropriate answer. I will send a session log as you stated. I would recommend that your customer service needs to be improved.
Come on with the adapter.... Funny how the more you use the program the less it works. Seriously, do you write the program to weed out adapters other than your own I used to be able to code but everything is too complex now Are you forcing people to buy your dongle Sketchy dude.
No connection I've used both Bluetooth and the cable connection and cannot get any parameters or coding on a 2006 330d the Bluetooth will give me voltage and says it's connected but apparently my engine isn't supported. I will be requesting a refund for my wasted money
