I honestly don't like the new versionupdate. The reason is this I have emails in my spam folder that I want to print out. I transfer them to my inbox. When I look in my inbox, it automatically deleted. I already have two emails deleted when I transferred them to my inbox. I WANT THE OLD VERSION BACK
sent directory only shows my name, not who I sent the email too. when reading  emails delete button in upper right corner doesn't  work, and it's  small.  Settings doesn't  give many options. . Can't reply to emails
Before the update you could select multiple emails to delete or tag as spam and now you can't. I will not be using this app until it returns this feature because it is not user friendly.
Update is horrible It may look pretty, but functionality has been stripped. Can't delete multiple emails at once, actual date and time are not shown, etc, etc. They should reset the review stars to zero so it reflects comments on this version instead of averaging in good comments on previous versions
Won't show new emails I have 4 emails set up with this app. Only 1 will show new emails. I have to go to laptop to see new emails. Please fix.
Business Mail notifications dead Ever since the upgrade to the new design, I have stopped receiving notifications for new messages in my Yahoo Business Mail account, while they still work fine for my free Yahoo account Submitted a bug report several weeks ago, no response from tech support... On top of that, I'm unable to deactivate the Account Key feature Will need to look for another provider if this continues...
My data use skyrocketed once the new updated version was installed.  My bill went up  by over 100 a month.
Don't like update Previous version preferred layout and functionality. New can't export or print. Will switch till if ever roll back.
Fisted by the update The app now informs me under sent items that I am in fact the sender of my sent items..mmm fabulous. I also have an email in my outbox that's been languishing in the ether for hours and the app refuses to let me delete it and start over. Whorendously spastic.
Garbage This app was reluctantly downloaded as I wanted to keep a yahoo account handy but separate from my gmail app. This app is nothing but a buggy, commercial for you to click on this link or check out these celebrity selfies. I would recommend staying away from this app. I'll just combine my yahoo account with my gmail.
Horrible change it back The new update has ruined the app, I can no longer select multiple emails to delete or move and the new layout is very confusing as when you open a chain message it opens the oldest ones first
Update sucks Everything is way to different and not user friendly..weird icons that are unclear what they are. Cannot mark a message as spam now but can archive it. Useless. Don't even want to use the app anymore..
Not happy Cant change the background color or delete multiple emails. The swipe method takes more time. Also liked to be able to check mark emails to to into folders and that option is also missing. Must move emails one at a time. You broke something that was fine to being with.
What happened to the delete This app worked well...then this update came and BAM it's not that great anymore. Sent yahoo question about the delete several days ago and still no answer.
Changes to app cause messages to jump around and stupid made up sender icons take up precious space in my view eindow. Font got smaller in preview so messages are harder to read. GO BACK TO PREVIOUS VERSION
Update ruined it My emails won't send from the app anymore. I was waiting all week for responses just to finally hear from people that they never received any of my emails. It says they were sent on my end but noone ever received them.
Third class update Yahoo has updated the application based on copy of Gmail app which does not work well at all.Yii have to wait for some time to view your emails.Last version was good but this update spoiled the image of Yahoo Mail.
snplog.txt  I love the app and have always used it. But I don't think we're up to date with marshmallow updates yet. I look in my nexus 5 and nexus 6 internal sd card and I see a new file called snplog.txt  all of a sudden. I tried deleting it and it just comes right back. So I opened the log.txt file up and really didn't understand it but I did see a few sentences with Yahoo Mobile in them. So I decided to uninstall the Yahoo mail app and guess what NO MORE SNPLOG.TXT FILE Please fix this
New update is awful, it's so distracting having the initial images and looks awful, please change it back to a more user friendly version.
I have two yahoo account. The new apps will not shifts automatically each account by mail comming and no notification will be coming for the second account . Only after selecting each account separately and need to refresh the inbox then only the mail can be visible
From GREAT to AWFUL Simple and easy to use. But now with the revamping of this app I am now left with and un customizable app...white background to hurt your eyes and kill your battery,  pale txt to strain your eyes. Searching in settings how long for some customization options but to no avail. Please Yahoo, get back to the top
Fix email. Old email, you could delete emails that you didn't want to open read and do many at one time.put that backalong with Spam. Now you can't. Put that back too. Also fix it so you can delete trash emails
THE WORST I have 5 yahoo email. All made for different use. And now I only able to view ONE email I add five email and all FOUR email status is PENDING  What the hell is pending I cant check my other inbox, and even after I reinstal the app, it still doesn't work. Fix it God ... I never so angry with app like this before. Better you focus on function rather than fancy interface but 10000 FAIL 12 Days after that PENDING stat, I still cant access those pending email. BYE YAHOO app. UNINSTAL
Much harder to use When I open an email from eBay showing me notifications I have to select show images which slows me down.  Nothing seems to fit the screen any more.  This is terrible.
Why the change Why would they try to fix something that isn't broken. Now I have to delete emails individually
No sign out. Respected since last update it is not signing out.please fix.what happened to yahoo app.it was the best till last few days but it is showing problems.please improve otherwise there is use of using this app.
Could be better. Ads are to close to emails in inbox. Sometimes I mistake an ad for a email and try to open it, I'm sure that's the designers thought in putting the ad there.  Yahoo please fix this Move ads to different place or remove them  I don't like click on them by mistake
Yahoo mail was just fine the way it was. I would like to know how to go back to before the update. The dam'n thing even tells me my password is not my password. How arrogant
Total disaster  this is downgrade not update This is by far the worst version of yahoo mail EVER...like other users said,they removed almost all the usefull stuff and introduced a lot of pointless stuff,like avatars lool. Why would u turn something usefull and good into something annoyingi dont get this update
New update has bugs need  improvmnt Since the new upgrade on my HTC One M8, i am not able to open the attached Files pdf, jpg etc .. it says cannot find application.. On gmail i am able to open the same attachments.. Please check
Tlc They changed it  Change it back  I have different yahoo mails and it is more difficult to use the update.  I can't find different themes, they made it hard to delete multiple emails, harder to navigate, I am considering uninstalling.
