Don't add Rainbowshine That used to be my account until a hacker caned in to that account and DELETES EVERYTHING INCLUDING MY AT15A IS8 AND MORE DONT TRUST THAT USER AND IM REPORTING THIS GAME CAUSE I SPENT MONEY ON THIS
i have  a samsung galaxy ace 3 and everytime i go to play the game it keeps saying please install the latest game client but theres nowhere to go to download it   so i cant play it as that keeps coming up  any ways of getting rid of it or getting it to do the update
Its a good game very addictive but you guys need to fix the fkn game so that tanks stop disappearing from right in front of your scope,they can hit you but you cant its totally ridiculous fix please and i will give 5 star and the global chat room need a moderator or some type of control system too many spammers.
Waiting Time Reset From 2000 you changed the 2x xp from 700, 1200, 2000, 000 to 700, 1200, 1400, at those times I'm IN SCHOOL. If you don't fix it this game is worthless, I'm now waiting 17hrs. For new missions and 2x xp.
Can't register I just downloaded the game but can't register on any of the 4 servers I am from south Africa I have reasonable internet speed please some advice
Lame How the hell you think someone with a lvl 5 tank can face a lvl 7why do you put as in a fight with such a powerful adversaryyou should review the teamup criteria So far you earned 1 star
NETWORK ERROR I cheerfully downloaded this app and patiently waited for its 1.4gig resource data to download only at 100 and a remainder of 1MB for it to tell me network error. For the past two days I have tried so many methods still giving the network crap. Wonder why it never said that before downloading such a huge file from the server. After making me free 2.5gig space just for 1.4. Mtwww
Worse Customer Care Service I asked 3 questions so they stopped replying me, I complained against a player and i begged them to do something and they did not even reply. What kind of a worse customer care service is this. For god sake improve this and Ill give 5 stars again
Can't buy a new tank I just spent 30 bucks so I could buy the tank I wanted but I can't because I press research and it takes me to the confirm screen the button is not visible on my mobile screen It's down too low. I'm on a HTC one M8
.LAG EVERY SINGLE TIME IDIOTS .fck offalways lag when play the gamethe game was good before this...after that need an new update it be like your mother fckerfix it asap LOLIDIOTDONT MAKE ANY UPDATE IF THAT CAN LAG OUR PLAY...SO STUPID PIG
Lost everything with update Game stopped working after the last update, finally got it to work after 4 days only to have lost every bit of progress. Pretty disappointing considering I paid money for my game.
Wtf is going on I can't open this new update. I've been playing this since 2010. Now it is horrible happened Fix this before all of you're client like me is going to delete this game. Please fix it Thank you
