Could be improved..... No streaming of final round No live streaming of final round. Just have local tv so couldn't watch on espn. Why not stream for just one more day
No live and radio crashes Live stream not available and radio only plays for a few seconds.
TheOpen Radio crashes about once per minute. I have to keep pressing play to reopen it.
No audio or video for the final round   That is awful.  Not happy w this app.
Live coverage no live coverage on the last day. That makes this app suck
Live coverage not available and live radio coverage continuously fails after a few seconds of playing...
Radio crashes The open radio crashes every minute or so. Useless at this point
Dickheads Last round can't be viewed
Terrible can't listen keeps shutting off
Radio sucks
Crashes STILL continue The app crashes each time I try to open the 18th hole in the course description. I need to check on the stats on how the holes play throughout the tourney  18 is pretty important. With the multiple updates pushed out, this still isn't fixed. Good thing I haven't had to waste mobile data on this like other might have.
Needs major improvements Keeps on crashing and freezing entire phone... Requires me to take out the battery to reboot phone
Wanted to listen to radio commentary but it always stopped after about a minute.
Poor app Only the leader  board is good. The R  A announced monday tee times, but they are not on the app. Live broadcast says see you next year, guess the app is not broadcasting the final  round.  Also there is no shot by shot record, how are we to know what  Johnson did to bogey last 3 holes. RA, get a new app  designer  for next year
Useless Other than the scoreboard, this app is useless. Poor UX. Horrible information architecture. And the night before the final round, the tee times buried in the leaderboard section for the 3rd round are all that's available, despite the check out the tee times mentioned in the articles. You people need help.
I just need the leaderboard It's got a lot. But all I really want is the leaderboard and the cards and its just constantly force closing  so annoying. Yeah videos and stuff are nice but c'mon THE LEADERBOARD IF NOTHING ELSE
Amateurish Turn 90 degrees for full resilts NOT. Cannot believe RA paid somwone for this work. Either a rip off or a Frienda
Unstable Slow to update  unstable
Below Par My least favorite major golf app of the bunch. App is filled with a lot of filler that I personally don't want or need. Updates are slow and almost annoying. Don't really care about fans having a pint, I just want the essentials.
Awful I think the RA would do well to to reconsider getting someone else to produce a decent app for them in the future.Leaderboard is awful.
Won't stream Yep.  Another update and another fail.  Why not make the stream work.....The app would be perfect if the stream worked for more than a few seconds.  Please fix
Mo current round  scores Cannot see the score of the current round. Pretty annoying.
Three strikes and your out 717 Another update, another fail. Still no streaming video. If I could give negative stars I would.       716 Still, even after the update, none of the streaming works. A total failure so far....
Rotate doesn't work to view scorecard in HTC 1...pathetic
Shows players twice on  leader board ,,,,
No live streaming
