What z f.....k Big problem I've end all stage.. all weapon..  I've end the new update..  n now when I wanted to play again.. all has began to zero.. I've lost all money gems... wat happen.. I want to know
Last update no good After several attempts to update finally managed to get it to uodate now the game wont load will not reinstall if not fixed
Fun, but.... Game was fun, but I saved up coins in the first 2 levels to buy a tier 6 rifle. After weeks of upgrading I found out that the tier 6 sniper rifle is not capable of being upgraded enough to complete the specops levels on level 3.  I'm not going to devote my time,weeks, to upgrade a lower level rifle to continue playing this game.
Stuck at Porter Heights mission 7 No matter how perfect shot I play, it is always saying mission failed. I am using arctic gun. Kindly resolve.
POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE THIS GAMES RESTARTED ON ME TWICE. SENT BACK TO LEVEL 1 AND TOOK ALL MY PURCHASES WELL OVER 100 BUCKS IVE SPENT. B4 THAT I LOVED IT. NOT 2 MENTION IVE EMAILED SUPPORT 20 TIMES AND NEVER GOT A REPLY OR ANY KIND OF HELP TO FIX THIS PROBLEM.  ITZ RIDICULOUS
Sniper 3d assassin . The app shows a great game for you to upload but its somewhat of a disappointment when  . Download it. Somewhat disappointed looked like an excellent version of a sniper but looks can be deceiving    .
Such a goddamn moneygrab So youre forced to start off with a pos rifle, and as you get more money you cant buy a new rifle cause theyre too expensive and you cant pass missions without upgrading the crap rifle. So then you have to pay, which im guessing leads to the same problem later on. Make it so you can play, not pay the game.
Beware Sorry but I love this game but need to warn people no matter how you try the game will not let you progress unless you pay ridiculous amounts for upgrades shame they just want to rip people off
WAS great.. Was very far along. Just started newest city. Had a couple glitches but i could deal with it. Went to get daily bonus. Gone.. All gone. Weapons, money, diamonds, i even paid money for some diamonds to get a sniper rifle... Gone. Level 1 now. I'll wait a till next week and see if it comes back. If not deleting. Way way bummed
All they want you is to buy the weapons This game will cheat you at particular stage. Even though you are shooting on head of criminals, they won't die and you will get notification like you have to upgrade your weaponby spending money....
Unhappy Is a great game so far now that I've finished it twice. Once because my progress would not transfer to my new phone. Now, I go to open it today and it does not have any of my progress and wants me to start over. If I can get my progress back then I'd be happy to give it 5 stars but I'm not going through the whole entire game again for a third time.
This sniper game is a piece of primitive shit. You have difficulties to kill the enemy from the long distance by one if the best sniper rifle, but the kill you easily by submachine gun  IDIOTs and  LOSERs. I will uninstall this junk.
Last update damn no good When I'm downloading the region, it always show error connection fail  , although my wifi is strong and fast...  pls fix this... this game could be the most stunning sniper game that I ever play.. I play it every day.. I don't want to uninstall this game.. And it always have glitch like the person hiding behind the wall..  he can shoot me and I can't shoot him..  Developer , do u heard me
Wont sync Why cant I play same game on different devices. Would give it 5 stars but it wont sync.
Great graphics ruined by awful game engine This could be a great game, but the limited play before having to wait to play again just like deer hunter is frustrating. The need to constantly upgrade is also annoying. It's clear the game is designed to make you but upgrades with real money. The missions go from ridiculously easy to insanely difficult. Uninstalling to avoid the huge frustration this game is. Yet it could've been so much fun.
