Limited use If you can access 3g or wifi use their website instead.  The amount of  information removed for the app limits its value. No sunrisesunset details and the rain radars and related maps fail map design 101 by omitting legends
Missing information There's no way to get marine, surf or ski forecasts in the app, you have to use other apps for that, pretty poor effort if you ask me. Also the app has changed very little since I purchased it a few years ago. There's very little reason to use the app over the website, the only advantage over Google's weather is seeing the rain radarweather map.
Widget broken since last update My widget deleted itself from the home and when I put it back now it always shows Auckland even though I have Wellington selected as default
More effort required Good content but terrible presentation. Really no update visually including the widget for past few months to years almost. There are so many visually stunning weather apps out there.  Please at least have a look at yahoo one.
Poorly made The content iself is good, but the app has a terrible UI, and is easily the laggiest app I have used. Lag on a top of the line device like mine is completely unacceptable.
Widget issue No problems apart from the widgets. Purchased a new phone and they only measure 2x3 and 1x3. Help
Use the website it's free The widget died and then disappeared now I can't even get on my screen. Plus to find the useful info is a pain and you can get better info on your specific location from the free website.  I am disappointed in having paid for this when they provide better info for free
what happened This use to work on my old phone. Using S4 Active now and it kepps saying there is a connection problem, check your internet. My internet is fine, im using it atm on my laptop.
Useful but poorly designed app. Misses a lot of features and information such as forecasts etc. App needs a serious redesign.
WTF This is the first app I have paid for. A little dissapointed as I don't live in a major city and couldn't default the weather to a smaller one. Have been monitoring for a while now and the accuracy is terrible. Default for long range is showers and westerly and it seems to turn out fine. Is the least accurate of the apps I monitor and the others are free. Don't bother. Try yr or weather xl. Accuweather with Android good as well. All free.
Broken on Lollipop Widgets are not resizable on lollipop. The 4x2 stupidly defaults to 3x2 why which you must resize to 4x2. Even this is no longer possible. With some more investment this app could be great. Right now its very unpolished.
Terrible app  For a paid app it desperately needs a design refresh to follow Android Design Guidelines. It feels sluggish and unintuitive to use. The auto locate feature often doesn't work and just says Auckland.
Great info, painful navigation The weather information is good, the App is slow. Widget keeps deleting itself from my home screen for no reason.
Waste of my money Covers no where near where I live, typical of all nz based weather reports, funnily overseas based apps do a better job
This should be easy This should be an easy  app to use but it's bloody rubbish. It's so limited in features and disappointingly limited in information. You guys should check out acuweather they're FREE app is better with more locations and more comprehensive information.
XPERIA C2005 v4.3 MetService v1.0.8. I have two options, move to Aucklandkeeps auto selecting Auckland or uninstall the application...guess what I chose. The temp.data provided is good though. Just needs a lot of work on presentation and location control. And tablet display cause it's 2015
