Can't watch I have an active wwe network subscription, and I can't watch anything because it says they can't verify my location, my GPS is on, and the app has permission to use it too. I don't understand why this issue exists in the first place.
Disappointed it won't play and it keeps freezing when it does. It also makes me put in my password for my phone ever 10 sec. Very disappointed in this
No chromecast, No good. Without chromecast it's useless. Checked to see if it was added yet but nope. I expect better from wwe. Showtime, HBO, Encore all have chromecast and many more but wwe no. Sad
UPDATE Not sure when it happened but I have been unable to view any videos, live or from the library, because it keeps giving the error Unable to reliably verify your location.  I live within the US and have had no problem using this app to view video until about a month ago.  My GPS is on high accuracy.  I don't know what you guys did but this is ridiculous.  I have had the WWE Network since day one.  WWE Network itself is great, I just have to watch it on other platforms.
Im a subscriber There is alot of lacking in this app on my phn YouTube dont even lack this much every five seconds its pausing on me wen im watching show in the app if it cant get fix then u will lose a customer plz fix an i will giv it another five starts think u
Update sucks Used to be a great app for news and info. Now tries to get location info etc..which is not needed to keep up with whats happening. App went to complete trash. Id give negative stars if it were an option. Deleting post haste.
Needs Chromecast. There's no licencing issues to be had, yet still no Chromecast support has been added despite its massive popularity. Why not Another year has passed without the issue being addressed. Subtracted another star.
Won't get location. I would love to watch Survivor Series but when I click to watch, it stays on getting location and won't load past it. While I pay I expect to watch.
Was a 5 star app now not worth a 2 stars cant watch anything on my lg g3
