I just made a call and bell was ringing and credit deducted and beauty is this I can't contact customer service people WHAT YOU CALL THIS OR NAME IT FURTHER MORE YOU DOEN LOSD APPS SND YOU DONT GET CREDIT
1. It sucks a lot of data while watching videos approx 10 mb for each video.  2. Plus a new issue has been introduced in the last build that when connected with 'mobile data' instead of watch videos i get connect brands button and on clicking the same nothing happens.  3. You tube videos are not playing screen hangs after the redirecting to the video link  Please resolve this.
Uses more cpu, ram and battery than any app I have. 6x more than some apps. It works though, kind of. It is a huge resource hog. Slows other apps down. Want to love it, but I can't. Poor programming, or maybe they're gathering more information than they need Sound quality is excellent, but only with a  fellow dingtone user. Don't want to, but I have to uninstall this.
after update, I can't get a ring tone to come through I have to stare at  the screen waiting for calls. Bummer
Awesome It was one of my favorite free calling app. But last few weeks i just downloaded and open all the apps they suggested but unfortunately didn't get any single credit which is worst thing ever happening with me
They say it's free It not free you have tears or but criedts. A text cost .50 cents and .95 cents to make a call what a rip off
Just another Scammer The only free calls to other people who have this app. All their calls are charged based. In answer to to the developers pathetic response. Some calls need credits, be serious All calls to non app user's phones use credits.  Be HONEST...
Hello This app still sucks,I found hidden adds installed by dingtone and used up all my data after completing offers. They cheat you either way.
Your service is great but very costly then other so I give u only one star if you give me 1000 credit in 14 sr then I will give you 5 stat  I want buy credits not want  after installing
was a good app I enjoyed being able to watch videos to earn credits now since new update that's near impossible the watch video button has been replaced which is a shame ruined a other wise good app
