In this game it is impossible to get new guns without spending money. You play a game. You win. Congrats 1 out of the 450 coins you need for a new gun. Takes 5 mins for 1 coin. Good luck.
Put a update or I will not play that much It's almost  December make a update please  I like it so much that you can do like fighting bosses and make a knew world come on its sucks that it's doesn't  have any updates  and nothing is impossible
More Weapons. More Gems. Rilisoft. I know you need money to continue as a business, but this is unbelievable Now I have to make a choice to either pay final upgrades to weapons, or new expensive ones I don't want to go to a store, and buy google cards every single update I've already reached my maximum level. This currency for this game is unfair even for non pay to win users. Don't get me started on the MASSIVE amount of room it takes to get this app. It's overwhelming...
Hate it but still good game we cant play with our friends any more unless they are in the same lvl as u plz fix this and not the much ppl play the killing part or the game any more so it harder to lvl up plz fix and sandbox isnt that fun and the gun and to much money
Cool or not Awesome and it was legitness or so I thought. Ads are a huge problem. Everytime I see an ad, I disconnect Who do you care about Rilisoft, us or money
WASTED MONEY I have paid for coins and gems and the hero pack.I signed in and then yet the new update don't have my things.ONE STAR....I NEED MY REFUND.
No coins to get, get rid of hammer That hammer sucks and people cheat to get it, if anything, just lower the price or get rid of it, change the main title back to the original and bring back some maps, the last thing is, whenever we beat a campaign level, let us get coins and xp, cause we get nothing out of it, and make gems easier to get, THIS GAME IS STARTING TO GET LAME.Fix this please. Bring back the oldies, that was the best of all, keep the guns, go back to oldies,......Please.
IT SUCKS I had 140 coins Saving when I now I wake up and have none. So I think to myself its ok I will just transfer my other account to this one, when wait I TRICKING CAN'T WTF So fine think be like that I will just purchase  .  To winners pack, so I do, then I get the email saying it was purchased when I go on to the game AND HAVE NO GOD DAMON NEW GUNS WHAT THE ACTUAL F SCREW THIS GAME
