Please stop the nudity, we are sacrificing South African morality for addicting and MNet's money making pleasures.  At least have a movie channel for adult perverts.  It's getting quite difficult to run these channels without seeing nudity about 3 times a year.  I cannot use parental controls because I am running a Hotel.  This is damaging to the new generation of children
Incomplete Does not have all shows or movies. Also doesn't remind you for weeks then a flood of late notifications.  Plus it sometimes has had the times of the shows wrong. If you going to create an app, do it properly and let your customers know about all new shows coming up. Why no notice about Supernatural season 11 starting Really stupid
Doesn't work very well.. Crashes when opening the 14 day tv guide. Notifications set don't actually happen. Pretty much a waste of an app. This and your poor quality of software releases for the explora point to some serious issues with your software development capabilities.
Crashes It crashed on me the very first time I opened it and continued to do so every time I tried to view the channel guide can say it's worth anyone's time
Irritating No reminders for weeks, then suddenly a whole flood of reminders and notices. And why are there audible messages coming through at 3 or 4am
Title search If you can not search for show what is the point Allow me to search for my show. It must allow me to select my bouquet as well so that I can see show I can actually watch
Does not work Please help
App won't launch Doesn't open, even after you've updated. Uninstalled it
Update Wont open  WTH 
Absolutely no functionality The app crashes every time you attempt to open the TV guide. Also, it's missing a lot of shows on TV. Why no support for Vuzu it's an Mnet channel after all And lastly, why can't you search for a show by title, instead of having to endlessly scroll in the hope of finding something.
Doesn't work. Crap
Never Opens Waste of time
Bad App It refuses to send me an email to reset my password
Dstv eNCA
Nice idea but marvellously stupid in execution. You do understand that DSTv has more channels than referenced in the app, right So what the fuck is the point of only 11 odd channels in the app Where are the sports channels, another service offered thats not here. Dumb
Why cripple it Very limited unless you sign up to the premium package deal...shame, this could have been so good.  Can't search, can't get a proper tv guide, limited channel selection. Will be deleted from my phone. Typical of dstv really, always trying to upsell you something.
Stupid app Why you have to exclude other packages..we all pay DStv.
A waste of time...great idea...pathetic function
Nice to have but doesn't always work well
Does not open on Note3 after the upgrade.
Pathetic Your app never opens. Even on a 4G signal, it shows the little circle go round and round and round. Deleting it now.
