Genial Cannot ser messages now.. 1 star until its fixed otherwise its pointless
I like the olx
Unimpressed Old version was so much better here when ypu go back it completely logs out searching complicated and keeps kicking me out
Horrible It forces me to update to sell cars and whatsoever. Yet the update is not available for Kenya
Such a pitty App was great Uninstalling now since update
Sucks ... spinning circles after 2 minutes.
Estpida aplicacin Se traba mucho, deberan arreglar los problemas que da
Does not work It says Download new app and upon clicking on that link it shows error as This item is not available for your country. Pls fix it ASAP.
This  New update sucks
Errores Error cuando intento abrir los mensajes...
Horrible My post keeps getting rejected.  It's a digital camera for sale.  Not recommended
Spam
Sucks This app crashes frequently. But most of all, it DOESN'T DO WHAT IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO. It rejects my ads even when they are not against your terms for publishing and also even when I haven't published anything in that specific category for a week at least... So the app and olx itself are pointless for me right now. And your customer service is also bad, in my experience. No one ever replied to my last email.
Cant respond to messages I cant respond to messages sent directly to me.
Forced update Updating should be ones choice. Stop forcing us to update.
Always tells me to download new and improved app It used to be good but now I just hate it
Unfortunately, OLX has stopped. This is what I keep receiving pls, so something about it.
App doesn't work App only works with latest update. Spoke too soon. It doesn't work even with the latest update. You are redirected to a different version by a developer of the same name on the play store.
it still asks me to upgrade it was a nice app until d last update. now I can't even access d app,even after updating I'm told 2 update d app. I've Uninstalled  reinstalled with d same problem.pls fix.
No good  no good......and no good. Can't download it. It sucks......
Can't submit add and can't load messages I get an error while trying to submit an add, no problem from pc just using the app. Also I can't load new messages from the app, also no problem from pc
Pathetic Don't force someone to purchase crap. The original olx is better
No national search useless Cannot search nationally or per province anymore..... Whats the use....
and now i have two OLX applications on my phone. the new one supposed to update the old one, not creating another application
It was better before bad update Crashes very frequently it started since this last update what happened it use to be great
What's happening OLX app is not even opening just crashing. What's happening
The new OLX app. Its not user friendly and its not working if used from my phone. Its a load of crap. And now I cant use the old app as it will not open. Seriously
Let us know when you fixed the app cuz it realy sucks that you cant use is with the update to dowload the new app
