Hate this app Interface was attractive but the technical side of this app needs work. Everytime I opened up one of my comic books it would corrupt the file and I would have to retransfer them over. App also is unable to read them off my sdcard. I'm on the Note 4
Unable to use SD card I was using an older version of CR with no problems using Kitkat 4.4.4. Updated comic rack today and now I can't click OK to choose my SD folder. It can't be an operating system error as other comic viewers work. It's a shame because I really liked Comic Racks UI.
Dream crusher.... Well... Four word only... IT KEEP ON CRASHING
It was great. Until Lollipop Please fix this  lollipop came out how long ago This is pathetic. I loved this app, but now its pathetically slow on lollipop. Please fix Uninstalling.
Terrible terrible..what genius thought it was a good idea to not let you use external memory I have a 64 gig micro SD but can't use it for this app..WHY NOT If I could give 0 I wouldn't because that's too much..you guys really ruined a fantastic app...I mean who thought that was a good ideaFIRE THEM
Awesome Great app but 8 dollars for the upgrade Really This app is excellent but that is way too much. The app it self is great and runs very well. I would like to support the devs but not for that price.
Can't read comics stored on SD Cards Wonderful app, does everything well except for reading data on SD card.
Cannot read from SD card This was the perfect comic reader until Android 5.0. Now the app cannot read from an SD card. You have to manually load each comicfolder when you want to read from the SD card.
Can't read from sd card Worthless now. Please fix it so i can read my comics. All other readers suck so please fix this one
I hate that I can't add comics from my sd card.   Until this is fixed it's a 1 star rating
Not very good This would be at least 4 stars but ads keep getting in the way of reading and they could be better at organization. Get rid of the ads piping up when I am reading and you will get a better rating. No one wants something covering up a page while trying to read.
