Just gets worse I have had this app for several months bought for, noe recently it keeps sayong whilst streaming preview complete please upgrade to full version. I have paid for this app as explained above is there some way to fix this
Tried it again with a new phone still hate it wish I had not paid for it. I used to love this for more than a year. Last few updates made it terrible Sucks, hate it now.
I have always given this app 5 stars but If you're going to ask me to rate your app every time there's the slightest update, or change in your system,  you going to lose stars. Why annoy loyal customers constantly It's almost as bad as add pop ups. I'll rate you again tomorrow I'm sure.
Don't pay for it Has had trouble mirroring home movies recorded on phone and as trouble playing content off Internet. ..and no its not my broadband speed as I have fibre and none of my other devices have struggled. ...waste of money
Crashes in 1 min Every time stream gets crashed with in few seconds. Worst application I have ever seen. Do not waste u r money
Purchased for no timing out Time out on everything within 15 minutes. Will not start without going to recent.
Love the idea....  Galaxy Tab 2  4.2.2  Roku ...but you lie about how much more is  offered after purchase. Falsely promise to stream ANY media to devices. RATE at every shutdown  No longer able to create queue but blame Roku for  playlist never to have worked. The list goes on. Some folks have 2 year old devices and we can't afford to waste  on these scams. Shame on you. PLEX has no issues, esp w QUEUE
Sucks It works but is is difficult to use with Showbox app. It takes way to long to get you show or movie to connect if it connects at all.  You can't use any other apps while play to is working or it will cut your show or movie off. Save your money this app isn't worth it.
Not great This app is ruining my shows, it plays to the middle and then crashes its a pity I paid for it. Now it's telling me that my Samsung TV won't support the play to feature. It also doesn't fast forward or rewind Ridiculous
Try play on emailed you last week. No reply I am rating y'all not the app..I love the app,but y'all are  definitely cheaters..shame on you...just tell people up front the free app only works for a little while then you have to buy the app...we don't mind paying the 5.00 the app is certainly worth that But it is the way you go about it..just tell the truth on the free one and say you only use it for a certain period of time...just tell the truth...
Update has ruined the app This used to work great, streaming from Showbox and a few other sites. Since the update today it doesn't work at all. Don't bother installing in it's current state, it's a waste of time
Is not playing videos I purchased the app months ago and placed it on my Samsung Galaxy tablet. When I first downloaded it, it worked great but now it will not play any videos. Please fix
Always something If I download the media then play it works. Directly casting to the roku sometimes it doesn't load it stalls or 50 or so minutes into the movie it just quits. This makes the experience quite annoying.  Having  to download everything takes the spontaneity away. Please fix this. I am using the paid version on Android  v5.0.2
drops connection to apple tv I paid for the premium app and for no reason it drops the connection to my apple tv. if you're going to charge for an app it shouldn't stop working halfway through a show or movie
Not good enough Was working fine until the update now I can't watch anything there are lots of people complaining and yet no response from the app makers who clearly don't care about their PAYING customers The makers of this app have a disgusting attitude and no respect for loyal customers . Basically please fix it asap or at least inform people of what is happening.
