Live streaming doesn't work Failed to initialize DRM I  see plenty others with the same issue. Why include a feature if it doesn't work Sort it out first before putting into your app
SS4 channel live TV not working SS4 channel live TV not working error  code 17965312 failed to initialize DRM
Warning Does not support Lollipop I am very dissapointed with this app as it now does not work on lollipop,  android 5.0 upward. Then how can it say android  4.1 upwards in the requirements. Really dstv get your act together
Premium subscribers Live streaming is not available for other subscribers except premium, why not make it available to active subscribers of access and at least compact
Video Error I have just installed the latest update on my HTC One M8, and now every video has an error... Please fix this
Catch up doesn't work Catch up doesn't work even though I'm a premium subscriber
I haven't watched anything, when I log in I get a message saying I must confirm in email but,and it says 'email sent' but there is no email in email inbox plz someone help me..... t Plz help I can't confirm
Unsatified I want to watch the currie cup final and this thing tells me Drm  didn't load right come on.
Doesn't work No live stream.  Failed drm...  And No catch up loaded. despite having all criteria for these functions What a waste. Would give it negative. Now it's just a TV guide Why do I need thatI could get it online easily
Could be so much more Pretty much useless until support for Android 6 is released
Not suitable for W7 satellite users For some reason we are excluded for this app if we opt for a premium bouquet on the W7 Satellite
Help Every time I try to login it says I must verify my account through an email it has sent me but there is nothing in my inbox
SERIES CATCH UP ISSUES Very annoying ....One week a series is available on catch up ...next week it's gone for no rhyme or reason or skips an episode... Poor customer service
Supersport 4 Cant watch live games on supersport 4.   failed to initialize drm. This is so inconvenient for the amount that im paying a month. Hate it.
Good App Working as expected But limited
The MULTICHOICE support service A  wonderful and fantastic  ideas
Most channels not working Supersport channels and most channels not working apart from blitz
Fail Failed to check your premium status Fix it
Like it This application is refusing to verifying my email address
Charges Are there any additional charges if i use this and link it to my smartcard Please answer ASAP
Please reply  I can not register my email address. What concern me even more is that the developers do not even reply to reviews.
Long way too go Some Live channels aren't streaming properly
Crashes as soon as I try to stream
Cannot stream live tv App crash when trying to stream live tv
Some episodes are not appearing while the audio plays. I'm getting a black screen. Very disappointing app. Fix this.
not that great
