Need to bigger icons Every competitor offers the option to make the icons a more visible size. This launchers biggest, is still unusable for me and, I'm betting, many others. I find this frustrating since I paid a decent amount for this.
DO NOT BUY OR DOWNLOAD IT IS NOT WORKING ANY MORE AND IT'S BEEN MORE THAN A MONTH THEY DON'T FIX IT. Error , It's stop working on my Samsung Galaxy Note Edge. Fix it please
DO NOT DOWNLOAD About a month ago the Next Launcher started crashing. I would get a black screen with the error code unexpected error. I emailed them multiple times. I received NO response The developers haven't even attempted to fix this issue.  I would love to get my money back. But, I've had it now for over a few months.   AGAIN, DO NOT BUY THIS APP
Nice Crash... Nice and unique App but crashes daily at least 23 times. After at least 30 emails to developers They reply that They are trying to fix it. Unfortunately until this time crashes more than 5 tim When They ask  for an Application and accept  for it , They should have an update at least in order the users to be able to use the App. This is a shame Gents...
I have been using this app from day one and been happy with it until two weeks ago, crashing and not even launching at all , I have sent 3 emails in the last 2 weeks which went unanswered and I see no one elae is getting a respond from you either which leads me to believe you either not in business any more or simply do not care about all the people that have paid for this app , the app was great but your lack of response earns you the worse rating possible.one star , down from 5
Beautiful, but... It says it can't find my purchase on google play. The play store says I've already bought it as it says install instead of 16.99 AND it shows up under apps I've purchased in the purchased apps app. Stupid launcher won't let me use it anymore, so I've got to give it 1  sigh... I would try emailing the devs about my problem, but as anyone who's tried emailing the go launcher devs would know, they are notorious for not answering emails 
Overpriced and overrated This app is not worth the money I paid for it. The minute I downloaded it and tried the 3d mode I switched straight back to 2d. The launcher is FOREVER crashing and I keep being nagged to install Next Widgets but I don't want to.. I paid a lot of money for this app and should not be forced to install anything else by you. I've also noticed that compared to all the other launchers this one is incredibly slow, it takes so long to load my homescreen. Very disappointed
Next 3d Launcher stopped working on 102015 My Next 3d launcher stopped working on may Galaxy s6, on 102015 due to an unexpected error. Reinstalling did not help. Emailed the error report no less than 7 or 8 times, but so far there is no fix. I tried installing the 3d lite but had the same problem. This rating will stay at 1 star until the issue is resolved.
Crashes on load. The app crashes every time I try to use it. It wasn't doing that a few weeks ago. My guess is an update. It was doing this on my brand new phone as well as my last one.  I really like this app except for that
I've used this launcher forever and I love it. Now it shots down every time I use my phone. I can't hardly use my pnone at all now
Doesn't work anymoreSamsung Galaxy S6 Pretty annoying that I paid a premium price for something that doesn't work anymore Been over a month Used to be the best launcher but now it's junk Please fix
Update fail I loved this app but since my phone updated the app crashes....screen flashes and can't use it....since I have paid for this app it should be sorted out soon. Just updated the app also and that hasn't worked...not happy at all....WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO FIX THIS APP....I'VE PAID GOOD MONEY FOR THIS YOU NEED TO SORT IT OUT...OR I WILL BE REQUESTING MY MONEY BACK...THIS APP IS NOW NOT FIT FOR PURPOSE
Never again This was my go to launcher until the latest update.  Now it crashes at least 5 times a day.  Will not be using it anymore
Please FIX Please Please Please.... Fix this app. Have used the PAID version for a couple years with no issues and now after the latest update, it won't work. Keeps saying UNEXPECTED ERROR  crashes. Please fix this issue with this app so I  others can continue to use it. I'll give the 5 stars once the issue is solved. 
Wtf What is this stupid spaceship flying around my screen and how do i get rid of it
Unless app Breaks your notifications so no more count notices at icons, that's the main feature in a cell phone....this app should be free as it breaks your phone and they charge you 15 to spite you....
