Last update killed it. Won't start due to a temporary file error dealing with an unlocking of SD card. I have no SD card droid ultra emailed developer he told me he was too busy, there are forums out there, etc. Yeah thanks for nothing. Sure glad I paid for it.
Last update ruined it I loved this app, but now it locks my S3 up so hard I must pull the battery. This happens when a call comes in or I mess with Waze too much.  Made me sad to uninstall it.
I like the idea of this app. I paid for the app and I use it every day. But it doesn't work correctly. It gives tons of options for 1080p, 720p, and 480, as well as SD. it lets you choose frame rates and everything. I have tried choosing 720 or 1080, 60 fps, or 30 and no matter what, every video is SD, and 30fps. Why, when my phone can record in 4k, am I being forced to use low res recording
It's broken garbage, don't buy it. I loved the app but after a recent update the unlocker stopped working and now it's useless. If that weren't enough when I try to reinstall it asks me to pay for it again. Don't spend a penny on this trash until it's fixed. The dev obviously needs to get his act together. I can't believe I'm going to have to crack an app I've already paid for.
Paid for pro version, I keep getting play store certification errors and now I don't have pro version options.  What's up with that
Crashes often Worked fine for a while, now it always crashes or won't even open.
It not work on SS Note 3 Hi team,  it stop when my Note 3 turn to Stand by mode. It work well if the screen still on. Please help me. This soft work perfectly on other phone as HTC One. But unluckily, it not work well on Note3.
Was great. Since last update not working.
NEED DATE STAMP Please add a feature to add date on the recorded video
Tefund please App sucks,  just refund my 2.99 please
It worked once I bought the app and now it has become unusable. Video are un viewable no matter what bitrate or resolution. I give up.
Doesn't work Didn't work can't see night video takes random pictures even disabled feature. Good idea just needs better development
