Why I've had this version since it came out and it never loads I've sent status reports and waited for it to be fixed I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app and dozen times now when will it be fixed when it is and I can turn it on then I will give it a 5 star rating
What As I installed fruit Ninja I thought everything was going to be OK But no Everything was wrong It didn't come up on the home screen or on neither any of my folders so...What the HELL Please fix this...OR ELSE
Great game but the profile button doesn't work, I can not view my profile Also the update friends button does not work. I cant log in anywhere
Plz at least once The game is so hard I am still on katsoru and I almost beat him and I lost plz game makers of fruit ninja at least one glitch on him so I could win and I will give you a 5 star and the bomb idea on that mode is just dumb
This is the most terrible thing ever. Anyone who is gonna download this game do not please because this game does not work. I find many faults with it and it slows up my phone this game sucks. It is making my phone slow and I want to uninstall it but the way it make my phone slow it won't. I want my phone to move fast and if it keep on moving slow just watch out. And I also want answers to my problems.
Update ruined my experience I had already beat the tournament and completed  the 5 day challenge 3 or 4 times and had a bunch of star fruit and experience points at lvl 20 something and the update erased all my progress. Fruit ninja can recover my support  by fixing this issue for me.
Non functional. Using latest version on HTC one m8, app does not open. Have submitted error report, reinstalled multiple times etc. Hoping for fix.
Fcking Terrible Update The new update is awful the characters in the dojo are way to hard make it easier and with less of those fcking bombs
Terrible, Horrible Update It tells me to slice the white fuirt but when i do it gives the points to the other challenger in challenge mode. What can you fix please. Anyone else having the same prob. Theres so many bombs you hit one everytime you try to slice  takes away points.
Use to love the game Every time this game has an update i have to start over with buying all the blade and backgrounds again, my high score and my level its really annoying
