Doesn't work Update still wont let me place order. I have tried to use this a few times over the last couple of weeks and when I submit it says an error has occurred and to call the store. The idea of the app is so I don't have to call the store. Done with this app until an update comes out.
Notifications They have started pushing ads to my phone with no option in the app to turn them off. You can turn then off in phone settings, but how many people know that
Very convenient concept, but too buggy This app makes ordering easy...unless you order pasta in a breadbowl Every time I order a breadbowl, it leaves out one of the ingredients. It looks right on my side, but the restaurant's list is missing one ingredient for each one. I have to call and verify my order, which negates the purpose of the app in the first place.
Wont let me sign in. Tells me there is no member with that email. Also wont let me order. Gives message saying that their store is offline and to call when its not. The whole reason behind the app is to not have to call
Great app, crummy za. Fast delivery,  nice tracking system but doesn't matter if the order is missing things you paid extra for or it's overdone multiple times.  Quality is concistently average. Called local dominoes and mngr barely listened.  Just offered me a credit. Won't order again so a refund would've been better. Sauce and crust pretty bland.
Won't allow me to place order Everything works until I try to place my order and a prompt continuously pops up saying an error has occurred and to try again momentarily, of the problem persists contact the store. I've tried the app on my phone and tablet and the same thing happens
Dumb and annoying Better off to go to your browser. I entered my info several times to keep getting the notification that it's not working.
Invalid Credentials Spent 10 minutes selecting pizza. That worked fine. Wouldn't allow new email and password setup, so we entered as a guest. Won't get the points, now. 2 weeks ago was same thing  invalid credentials. WHY
