Where are the Aviary apps I paid for and have used Classic, Shadow Pro, Wanderlust  Woodland effects I purchased and have used are now gone as choices.  Completely unacceptable SUCKS
This sux Even after downloading again after the latest update to Aviary photo editor and following the instructions provided to restore the plugin, Classic effects is not available to restore
Wondering why you can't use the Classic filter... I received a new phone and restored my Aviary filters and noticed that the Classic filter was installed but would not restore.  I contacted the app and was told the Classic filter was discontinued.  How disappointing.   This was my favorite filter hands down.  Shame on Aviary
Effects Dear Aviary, Where have my filters and effects gone that I have already paid for This is horrible that people spend their hard earned money on an app that doesn't deliver I reinstalled this app and lost all my stuff You need to personally handle everyone's claims individually and do what is right and fair. If we paid for something we should at least have our filters reinstated or a refund should be given. Simple as that.
What the hell I tried  it three times and it won't open on my samsung galaxy s3..brings me right back to the Google play page where I installed it Can you fix it and notify us when you fix this problem
Downloded again and again but it is not showing on aviary as it showes earlier. Even unable to use also. The blemish effect is now fully disgusting.
I have installed the effects bt they r nt appearing .. n thats really bad . I hate this .P. S  plz fix this problem soon
Gtfo Sucks My phone wont let me open it due to 'error' and thats all it says. I even uninstalled and reinstalled. Maybe its just my phone
GOOD APP BUT PLZ SET A PROGRAM FROM THAT CAN SET THE EFFECT HIGH AND LOW QUANTITY OF EFFECT LIKE WE CAN SET THE EFFECT WHAT WE WANT IN QUANTITY HIGH LOW MEDIUM ETC PLZZZZ
Y does it work on my effects i loved it now it wont work  I want my photo edites back please fix i uninstalled it and reinstalled it but still it wont work please i love the older version of the effects fix it Please i tried reloading it wont work
SOS I do no want to give a,bad review because the app  looks realy great. but I am pretty pist  that I can't open my effects  because I can't find the photo editor that gose  with It ,,PS please fix it.
What's going on I downloaded classic yet its not showing up in the aviary app even when I restore.  A solution or explanation would be appreciated. ASAP please.
Where are all my aviary apps that I've paid for Where are all my aviary apps that I've paid for I can no longer use them but they shoe that I have paid and are still in my phone. Fix this Otherwise the editing is great.
Um... Where are all the effects Also, the fact that the company hasn't responded to their customers unacceptable.
It was awesome.. now nothing in it.. Nw dere is no use of avairy widout this effect.. They said now it is retired effect n will work no more.. So i am going to uninstall it..
Waste of downloading First version was awsme... n i will giv 5 stars a thousand times.... but now der is nothing here ... no use of downloadin' classic effects ... but i luv classic effects... it gives a diffrnt luk to ma picx...plz do something... den i will giv yu 5 stars for sure...plz do something....
Bugs Everywhere I don't recommend this app to anyone to many bugs 1st its gives error that my storage is not enough for 9Mb App Last time i checked i got 16GB Space ... When you download anything like filters or stickers .. one zip file goes to your download and nothing happens and that file will downloads again and again ... thats what happening to everyone
Whyyyy My friend reccomended this but when i download it, it says its done but doesnt come up in my apps fix this
