Used to work... Keeps crashing,have not got it to work since last update...samsung note 2
Hate the new app. It's missing lots of good features. Going to uninstall as thats how bad it is now. Every update makes it worse than before. No speed option, video recordings have no sound, video doesn't record speed, doesnt start if you mount phone then turn on app, alerts are too quiet and not like in the demo, takes too long to load up and start, just all round a 1 star app. Its now crap.  Uninstalling and reinstalling an old GOOD version as this one sucks big time.
Keeps crashing on my note 2 request for a refund Great tool for a driver but bad bug or something.  Please fix or I will request a refund as I got this 24 hours ago today.
Update keeps crashing.  Never has the phrase if it works, don't fix it applied more than here.    How do I get a refund
Crashes on Asus ZE551ML Give me back my money I never got it to work
Crashes It keeps on crashing on my Asus ZenFone 2 running Android 5.1.1 ... It used to work on 5.0 though and it was great. Will reevaluate to 5 stars as soon as that is fixed.
Crashes I used to use it often earlier. However after updating the app keeps crashing on starting. Advise how to claim for refund or revert to old version of app.
This app was working fine, right up to when I had to uninstall it, and reinstall it. when I went to reinstall it, the app came up and said this app is not compatible with your device.....was running perfect on a android 2 din car stereo running kit kat 4.4
Many features missing I like the warnings. However I expected the update to include...show speed and other info on videos. Ability to record sound.  Higher res if desired. Wifi only upload. If I change screens it crashes when I go back.  There is no longer a means to view videos in the menu. Thats ridiculous.  Its a dash cam app that can't show videos. GET IT RIGHT We paid . Have a note3
Crashing It keeps crashing. Trying to follow up the issue with developer.
Dosent work if you are using Spotify in Bluetooth at the same time.
Crashes App crashes upon launch, since a month ago no fix...
What's happened So many things missing since the latest update 
Rubbish Will not work after the major update 
Nice GUI awful bugs
Extremely slow and freezes my nexus 6
Crashes A lot
Can't see Internet on connected device
Do not rec on background Do not work in background
Still crashing New version
Won't record or take photos Works well with speed signs and showing distance etc. But the app shows me it is recording and also provides the caption snapshot taken  but the files don't exist, which negates the main reason for me purchasing and using the App
Worthless I actually bought the pro version so I could record things but it doesn't work waste of money and waste of time
Disappointed Can't post pictures or videos as advertised , says I'm off road when not , can't even find the photos or video I'm talking waste of cash bummer please fix
The system does not support 180 degrees camera rotation.  Positioning the phone in an applicable way is sometimes impractical.
Keeps asking for internet connection While it is connected it keeps asking for internet connection. Then terminates ... i unluckly purchased it without trying 
Photos and video don't work Can't record video or photos and can't turn off any of the alert noises
