Like it for the most part but issues I updated to pro I am not sure what the difference is but ok. Not my issue sounds like I and quite a few others from what I read are having the same issue. We keep getting prompted to upgrade only to find out we already upgraded
Last update I'm NOT Happy. I want my old app back  I'm already missing black background  my colored categories...... Wish I wouldn't have updated yet. Bring back black background PLEASE You should've Left the app Alone  I'm going2  look for another
Thanks for screwing up a good thing Assholes How about an app to transfer several years worth of data to a new app My whole app changed without notification or my permission. App no longer tracks food pricehistory which is why I purchased this for. I'd rather know what I've been paying then have access to a bunch of recipes I will never use. Now I need to find a new app and program all my info into it costing me more time.
What happened Super bummed that the widget options are now gone and my option for multiple lists that I could personalize. This was my favorite app for years and payed for pro features. Now I have to find something else
Where's The Widget I really like the look of the updated app, but WHERE'S THE WIDGET I saw below someone say it was supposed to come back last week but there's still no available update for my android. The Widget was literally the only reason I paid for the pro version
Used to be 5 stars. After last release it's unusable because lists don't sync with website. Shared lists don't share. Technical support responded by saying it's fixed. It's not. A little bit twilight zoney. Lots of folks are upset, I won't belabor the review by restating their issues.
Screwed up my todo lists DO NOT BUT Dont buy, dont use this product. It is worst than google. They update what ever when ever. Moving to google keeps its free and will do the job for my needs. Big mess. Will request a refund if i can. Will locate the APK of old version to get my lists back and post a link when done
So unhappy I purchased the pro  now have none of the special options I had. You can no longer personalize it, except font size. I'm also very disappointed that I can't copy or move items between lists nor can I easily change lists with a tap. I don't understand why you would make an awesome app less user friendly than it was Very frustrated  sad.
Please someone offer an alternative As my reminders literally change once I enter a date I have to find a new app that actually reminds me on the day I need. Different devices, same problem. Since the update I've found more reasons to swap to ANYTHING THAT ACTUALLY REMINDS ME than waste my time searching for things that are no longer color coded and change to one month ahead of when I need it
Awesome until they took away the widget The widget was a huge plus for me and the last update obviously didn't agree with me. If you guys can get that back that would be lovely.
Update  sucks The GUI sucks.  It was completely fine before this update. Everything I had before wad categorized to my liking and now there are random categories of puts my food into. Was 5 stars,  now is 1 star. I will likely abandon this app but you already have the money.
Scam Upgraded to pro and didn't get it. They told me that the free version and the pro were the same and that the charge was to keep the doors open DO NOT BUY THE PRO version
Update is like going back to Windows 95.  Took away simple functions such as copying or moving an item.  I'm looking for a new app.
If it aint broke don't fix it And you just had to mess with it anyway didn't you Have the pro version and have been using it for years, loved it, until the update No more voice input No sorting Just a jumbled up mess Themes suck Now I have to search for a new app.
MISS MY WIDGET I have used this app for years...even purchased pro.  I take it to the store with me as my sole shopping list...All of a sudden, I get on to add something and my widget is gone.  I hate updates  Bring my widget back and I'll change this to 5 again. Thx
Loved this app until... This was a great app until the sync feature stopped working. I used to be able to make a list and send it to my husband who could pick up the groceries on the way home. Now the sync feature within the app doesn't work and he can't access the list. Please fix.
Form over Function This was once a good app, it did its job well. Now some junior design student took a dump on it and its dominated by wasted space, poor colors, and distracting backgrounds.
Out Of Milk You have destroyed a wonderful app. I am so disappointed And I paid the pro fee. My lists are all either gone or conglomerated into a complete mess with no apparent way to move items around except copy and paste in a very convoluted manner. GOODBYE FOREVER.
Ruined Used to love it.  Now it's just hideous The worst update of any app I've had.  What were u thinking Not  I have found a new app to replace it, Mighty Grocery in case anyone else needs it. Thanks for nothing.
Horrible update C'mon guys I've had this app for years and have dealt with the NUMEROUS issues with syncing, deleted lists, etc. Now this I paid for the pro version so I could change fonts, themes, etc. and now there's only one theme. And it's horrible. I want my money back and will be looking for a replacement app.  Oh yeah, one more thing. LIST SHARING STOPPED WORKING. AGAIN.
Used to be great My wife and I favorite app. Now after the recent update, sharing and syncing is broke.   So disappointed. And to top it off the cosmetic changes just waste space on the screen.
I Used To Love And Recommend Not sure what is going on.  I used to love this app and use it all the time.  I've recommended to others.  Now, out never synches between me and my kids.  I can't edit my history.  I no longer see how much is in the cart vs how much is left on the list.  There is no correlation between what is on my phone's list vs the list on the website.  You've even taken away the color and customization.  I paid for pro, but now feel like it was a mistake.
They changed the app so that I can no longer have categories ordered differently for different stores.  This makes this application unusable for me.  I hate this change. Developer is not responsive to emails either. Don't waste your money on this app.
WTF I bought the oom pro version so I could have the widget and I loved it Now I go to add something to my list and the widget is gone from my home screen panels Is this because of the update Why would you take away such an awesome, convenient feature I may have to find a better shopping list if this isn't fixed Disappointed
