Voice calling not getting thru.... It keeps telling me I got an error network connection when I'm fully connected and my messages send on it, why won't my voice call work no more
Very neglicted by my contacts I cant find any one of my contacts who really wants to use it every one is going behind whats app they like it more but i like the bbm more i wish i can use it again
It's not working What's wrong with this application The connection fully connected but no message can be send or receive while it works for another application. Please check..
FIX MESSAGE WIPE Every time I upgrade the app, all my messages are wiped nowhere to be found. It's not so in the case of WhatsApp and 2go. Fix this and you will get my 5 stars.
Fix it asap, it's annoying Udah 1 minggu ini sejak update, bbm malah pending terus, ga real time, bahkan hari ini bener2 ga bisa berfungsi sama sekali, tp anehnya internet lancar, app lain fine2 aja... jd ga tertarik gunain bbm lg, wasting time klw kayak gini terus
This updated version is so slow Thanks for the new stickers n all but my messages take a while longer now to deliver, even with good mobile network. I don't get to see my offline messages until after about 24 hours of coming online. Sheesh
Very bad service I have good connection internet.. but i can't read my chat, can't reply chat, can't invite, can't see my contacts and updates.. fix it and I'll be pleased to give you 5 stars
It USED TO BE working Have been a month in days of lags. Internet is doing well, but not bbm. So desperate so I decided to reset my phone and my wife's. But not that lucky..  I had reported to RIM by email  venue they provide. No reply whatsoever.
One thing i hate and very annoying Most of the time of my job is...i need to access copy and paste some long numbers and office addresses.. but i have to always switch the app, copy and paste repeatedly.I wish there were functions to access the clipboard and choose what i have to paste. That would be very helpfull n usefull. But the truth is... it doesnt have it.
Its funny Yes, its funny because nothing wrong with the connection, other app like youtube, line,whatsapp is working but BBM are useless, sometime its not working while the connection is fine and others apps working good, its disturbing my business Hope you looking forward for this kind of sht Tx
I am not impressed I can't access and save or share contacts display pictures among many other annoyances.
NOT HAVE FEATURE SEARCH OR FIND WORD on Chat history For my business is Incomplete if it does not have feature word search or find on chat history, like the BBM old version of the perfect full.... or other chat applications.
how come i can't log in.. just error network on bbm.. all i used wifi and all success uses only bbm error.. please take note
It's alright but the stickers that they offer is always unavailable.  The stickers are not working on my phone. A good way to keep in tact with your friends. What is happening with the stickers Every time i try to download one, they are always UNAVAILABLE Why is that happening
Notif dr hari sabtu Setiap abis update sendiri selalu deh ga nyangkut.. sinyal lancar, buka aplikasi lainnya jg lancar.. soooooo bad
FIX IT QUICK After the last update, the bbm doesn't want to start. It says incorrect time and something while my TIME is VERY CORRECT. The hell is happening I need this as this is crucial for my everyday communication w my colleagues and family. FIX IT
