New interface is awful. I finally decided to update, after waiting months due to negative feedback. This nowhere near as functional. It's absurdly cluttered, and takes far longer to figure out which books are already downloaded, and queue up new downloads. Very disappointed to see another amazing app get harder to use over time.
Does not work anymore This app hasn't work on any of my android devices in months. My comics don't update, I can't access the store anymore. I used to use this app once I starting exclusively reading digitally, but now its completely useless.
Fallen from Grace I was a big fan. It was my go to for reading on trips, but now not so much. More complicated downloading after purchases, and having to be signed in to read your books make it a hassle.
Seriously You couldn't keep Google play credit payments Well I guess I'm not purchasing anymore comics from here because the reason I was using Google play credit was because I don't have a credit card. Wow looks like my troubles are over since Google is offering their own comics. Good riddance Comixology.
Back after 20 years I love this app.I jumped off of comics back in '92.got this app and am back in.the new 52 from DC is great jumping on point.marvel now is OK.new favorite series of 2012 for is Saga.highly recommend. UPDATEAmazon needs to really get on the sd card support. I have bought a lot of comics on here but without sd card support it is pretty useless to me.Will rerate 5 stars when this is fixed.i have 30 gigs waiting for my collection. Thinking about going to Marvel Unlimited.
Frustrating I've had nothing but problems with this app. It won't recognise my username and password even though they're correct, and on the rare occasion that I do get on the purchase feature only works some of the time. Very frustrating and unreliable app
Omfg I click forgot password and it takes me back to the home page wtf its up i used to have this app and it worked fine rawr
I love Comixology, but hate this app. Comixology is a great service and I own thousands of books because of it, but the inability to store these books on an SD card or read without downloading, makes for an extremely frustrating experience. Until this is addressed I will not be using the application.
Ruined The changes in payment method since my last install have ruined my experience with this app. Sorry folks. Poor move. At least I can still download the books I previously purchased. However, keep up the distribution 
I can't use this It has a good selection from plenty of publishers. However, there is no way to purchase the comics through the play store. You need to use a credit card or pay pal, effectively making the app useless to me.
It's ok but don't like digital It gives u good quality comics but it DOES NOT give u the option to get hard copy I bought comics and they r ONLY digital so if u want to read the actual books this is not the site for u, I spent 30 thinking I was getting the books and it was false. Won't purchase again.
