My stuff is still lock I wanted to unlock the extra stuff in  talking tom and I downloaded mobikwik and I completed the offers but still my stuff is not unlocked. Please try to solve my problem with regards Krish Raj Gupta is my problem is fixed then I'll give you 5 stars
Not real People, don't get fooled by this game, go install the real one The graphics arn't even the same This one is the stalker
More like a downgrade Compared to the original Tom with a nice house and able to change cloths, this version of tom is stripped down to a stray cat. What's the point sacrificing game play for better graphics
Absolutely disgusted. DO NOT DOWNLOAD. OTHER COMMENTS FAKE. NOT CHILD FRIENDLY. My son plays this game. My 5 year old son. There are ads on the game like most free games and he clicked on an ad by accident. A picture came up of a naked woman saying 'would you like to fk me'. This is not acceptable at all and I absolutely disgusted. I am deleting this game.
Fart Not that fun for me becuase you can slap him but that gets borring after a while and you can only give him milk but the rest you have to buy. Pleaee make at least 1 thing cost money and the rest be free. Also ,add more stuff to do with him. Right now I am super bored with Tom and I am disopointed in this game and I thought itwould be better than this. I also read the stuff people put and I thought thay this game would be fun but it's not 
Owhhh. What the hell is this Graphics isn't original . This app not provide complete option. It is compatible when you have low disk space neither don't download it. Download original app that contain full functions and features.
Talking Tom Utter crap, costs money just to get going. BORING after mere seconds  avoid
BABIES GAME I hate Talking Tom because when you pick scratch it becomes real then Tom scratched me. Nobody should play this game. It's only funny to babies. You need to dealet this game when you play on it. THIS ISN'T THE REAL ONE DEALET THIS GAME Do you wanna die Then DON'T PLAY THIS GAME Please fix this if you play this you will die. Because when Ahsta played this game he died. SO UNSTALL THIS GAME
Bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad Stupid game deleting now
Charge u for every single thing Before u could use most of stuff.. now u either pay  or watch n download loads of s...t for it.. rubbish
Don't get this There's a stalker he's gonna want your info like address and phone number so he can track you down don't get it and dont let your little ones get it
I LIKE IT I like it my friend has it on her phone and she loves it PLEASE get it.
No extra stuff I didn't have any extra stuff like WILL TOM EAT THE BIRD  etc... Please look into this matter.      ' ' ' 
Not suitable for children I gave my phone to my baby as she loves talking cat, and twice we had porn website advert. Very bad
Garbage Too many ads and buttons that want you to pay for more features. Its said that the original one from 2010 was better. But at that time they didn't have the ability to monetize the way they do now.
Hackers or a bug on this game I really want to play this game but it shuts down it might be a bug or a hacker so if its a hacker ban the hacker or if its a bug fix it plz if you do that I'll rate you 5 stars
