Kills battery Not impressed, it depletes battery very quickly. Doesn't show itself as one of the main culprits. Will delete it if an update isn't forthcoming soon that addresses power use
The last update doesn't want to install at all error code 505
Sim card not recognised Application is pointless if it cannot read my Vodafone SIM card
Complete and utter rubbish. Deleting now. Don't waste your time with this.
for the love of god do not install this app. if it locks you out of your phone it's a NIGHTMARE to get back in.
The most annoying app in the world always asking you to buy the premium version.
No official It's a load of crap this app,is it by the same app provider as my Vodafone Nope, it's not official it's just way too dodgy the way it asks you for permission, can it wipe your phone to factory settings without warning and change your u lock pinpattern etc AVOID if you have any sense
Kept crashing Using up precious battery life in background
After a while will spam the notification bar with critical  update to premium version. If you happen to forget the PIN, their forgotten PIN reset system is broken, so you'd need to call them. What a mess of an application. Really disappointing.
Rubbish You have to upgrade for the good stuff and for anyone who can't get it to verify remove the zero from your mobile number. Also no clear prices on how much the upgrade is. I have deleted app. Like everything from Vodafone nothing works can't wait to switch
Notification spam Critical message Buy our premium version. Uninstalled. I can live with the enormous amount of buy premium ads in the app itself, but don't spam my notification bar.
I forgot my pin and now can't reset it so can't use the app
Worst app ever Wouldnt accept password to deactivate. Now it doesnt want to install
Rubbish I cant even get to register.  Vodafone pull your fingers out of your back sides and sort this out
How much is the advanced version How much is the advanced version I have tried the support website, calling support, searched via google but I cannot find how much it costs. I am loathe to click Upgrade Now in case I get charged.
Doesnt work on my tablet Keeps coming up insert valid sim please try again later.  Works on my phone ok. Got a smart tab 4 sim card works ok
Deleted it after 1 minutes get my stuck not responed
McAss McAfee is akin to a blood sucking parasite.
Problems Its always saying that my number us wrong and cant verify it mxm 
Expensive Other apps does the same and more for free.
hate it. mission to uninstall
