Commenting error It happens occasionally. The comments don't get posted with an error The comment was already entered before and we do not allow as per community guidelines but I never posted that comment before and there is no vulgar content in the comment. I hope they fix it as soon as possible.
Still has bugs It's been atleast a month or so since I last commented. I stated that the videos would never loop anymore and would just freeze if I try to reload it. I've installed most of updates and I'm still getting these bugs, seems like you're putting no effort to fix it or you're just struggling.
Can't reinstall it Says can't install this app, try and get help troubleshooting this. What the hell It worked just fine 1 hour ago. I need help error code  504
Too many users registered on this device I have never made an account on my new device, and an error keeps popping up when I try to register. Why is that Fix this and I'll rate the app again.
Following someone dosent work When i follow people it tends to unfollow automatically even when they havent blocked or i havent blocked them and doesnt let me follow them again please fix this
Captions tag I cant tag anyone everytime I  in a comment or caption none of the ppl I follow come up. I have to manually type in screennames if I remember them fixzzzz
Updates Add something where you can get more followers kind of like Hashtags also I can't seem to post certain videos only the ones on my camera folder. Add video chat
Got real buggy real fast All of a sudden, wouldn't save my photos anymore.  Updated, cleared memory space, restarted, uninstalled, reinstalled, restarted, nope, nope, nope, and now it won't expand captions to boot.  Oh joy.  Guess it's time for an instabreak 
Confusing Maybe this is better on a phone, but totally confusing on a tablet. They really need a UX expert to take a look. Wish I could love it but I don't like apps that make me research how to use it effectively.
Video doesn't loop, it just freezes when the video is over. Sometimes it bugs out and will play the audio but the video becomes a white screen.
Don't like the latest update, whenever i try watching a video or load it, it tends to make my phone freeze 95 of the time.
Can't load photos I open the app but there are no pics,it shows they've been loaded but I can't see anything,kindly fix this issue
About to be done with instagram Can't comment on people's pictures, can't add comments to my own pictures, can't add captions to my own pictures. This has been going on for over 3 weeks now and I'm really fed up with it this might be my last week with this app
Hangs Hello instagram, didnt want to give that kind a low rating but i have to the app keeps on showing lag after scrolling down a bite to see the older posts on oneplus 2 hope you will see to it
History was lost....... This is the start of my problems I used to have an old profile when I came back from a trip from Mexico ,the WiFi with the other apps was fine with my other apps and it seems like everytime i leave my wifi instagram dies and i did this a lot now i use google its better if you could give me back my old profile wich Is majourleaguestarfighter702 I would give a five star. It would help a lot getting back with my friends 
I can't post videos  any more and it's so annoying. I don't know what happened to my instagram. I even downloaded it again but it doesn't work. Can u dO SOMETHING
OMG IT STILL WONT LET ME LOG INTO NY OWN INSTAGRAM PAGE I KNOW MY PASSWORD  USER NAME IS RIGHT BUT ITS STILL NOT WORKING ,PLEASE FIX SO YALL CAN GET 5 STARS
The tags... For 2 weeks I haven't been able to tag my friends in my posts or other posts. This is incredibly annoying and inconvenient, plus makes the social media, much less social. 
Battery Drain Instagram is great. This app itself is awful. It uses up to 40 of my battery, and I haven't even opened the app. Need to be fixed.
Super Annoying Wth I'm already using wifi but to no avail. The pics won't come out. What's with the IG nowadays eh
Robot voice Am I the only one experiencing this atm All the video that I upload direct record from the app or from vid gallery having me talking like a robot and in a slow motion Pre upload or original file are good. It was fine before on Lenovo tab. I recently change to Samsung Grand Duos. Help Thanks
Randomly won't work All of a sudden it freezes after 5 seconds of using the app. I thought installing it and reinstalling would help, but now I can't even get passed the log in page. Loved this app now I am very dissapointed and upset.
WHY DOSE IT KEEP LOGGING ME OUT I was on my account like normal scrolling through pictures. Then it randomly logged me out and said I had to reset my password for some reason... So I did and logged back in but a few seconds later it logged me out and said I had to reset my password AGAIN it's been 4 hours and it keeps doing this but now it won't even let me reset it Just keeps saying an error occurred Please fix this I want to log back into my account My account is .Jacob.Frye by the way 
Its slow Its a good app, but dms are glitched and whenever you play a video it pauses and i have to remove it and get back on. Stop trying to fix the pictures and actually fix the real problem
