Sucks big time inoperable at every step, can't dign in can't see options and can't reestablish direct deposit. What is it for, just to read statements
NOT only excess update but also excess Log out Thus ADP is the frustrated application. Why do you need to update so often make it nice not to ask pw  user name. Many functions were deleted Frustration We are using Mobile phone as you know.
Can't login in Like everyone else I'm being told that I'm using invalid credentials, smh... I'm not using invalid credentials, it's your frickin' app. Needs to be fixed ASAP
Fix issues please I can't check anything. I used to be able to check my schedule and pay statements and the time clock now I can't
Don't waste your time... the app doesn't work Total waste of my time Why can't you just fix the freaking app
Option to Print NEEDED It's nice to see my stub but I REALLY NEED the ability to print for reasons. Instead of wiping out the old laptop and waiting for it to catch to my much faster phone. Pretty sure EVERYONE else needs to print too.
Buggy login Login needs a redesign. I click the check box to remember username and still have to enter the username every time. Also, I enter the correct password and it tells me it's wrong on here, but it works fine on the actual website.
Login I logged in with my correct user name and password and it didn't work, it locked me out and now I need a reset again, ughh
I would really like to do more than just look at my pay. The company I work for is known to short you hours I would LOVE TO actually be able to log my hours and view my PTO And that nice stuff like shown in the picture ads Don't say it may not be the same As shown.... Don't shpw things that are not even there Not a single person can see these
...... I cant even sign in to the app. I did everything I was instructed to. I acivated my card and I made and a login and all that good stuff, but the app still says that my login is wrong.
Set backs When I first downloaded this, it had the option to see your actual check statement. Now that option has been taken away. It's sort of pointless to me at this point. It was such a useful and necessary function to have. Very disappointed in this change. I'd also love to know what the screen shot is of all these other functions I see listed on here, sick days, vacation time I have NONE of that, and it's supposedly up to date
Doesn't work I put my ID in then my password and it keeps saying wrong password get on desktop to find password. I know it's the right password but I tried other ones too and keep getting the samething. I don't have a desktop so what am I supposed to do.
Temp password I went on a desk top as instructed signed up, it worked on my mobile for two weeks and then started saying I can't sign in with a temp password this is the worst app Expected way more from a payroll company than this garbage. Our company is paperless  I have no way to view or print my pay stubs
Locked out Every time I want to check my statement it tells my credentials aren't valid. I have reset my password 4 times and even my most recent one won't let me in...the temporary one I was sent doesn't work either.
I used to really like it. Now, I'm locked out. Even though my ID and password are correct. Tried talking to someone at ADP and they refused to do anything. My company is now threatening me with a write up because I can't clock in and out when not in the office. Get it together ADP  Still waiting for you guys to fix the app.
Can't see time off Was able to see time off now that box is not there anymore.
Useless I can't login because I'm being told wrong usernamepassword but when I go to the full site on my home computer I log in fine with the same username password. What's the deal
Cant login in So it will not take my login. I've tried the my user name and pw that i use for the website doesn't work. I've tried login information that i use at work....nothing works. Is this a problem with the app Would really like this to work since the website recommended it
Samsung S6 I use to be able to clock inout but now it doesn't even show up on the app.  Please fix this.  That is one of the most important things.
Worst app ever used It not only ask you to go to the admin when you forget the password and it won't allow you even after using the temp password given by ur admin it will say you have entered wrong f...ing credentials, go to admin again, why can't you link this with our own email id it is the worst app I ever used.
Worthless From the looks of it, I'm experiencing the same crap as everyone else. Telling me I have invalid login credentials. Gimme a break. Although I'm almost glad because if you can't even fix this problem, why would I ever think this app would be secure
Terrible login Login process is terrible, mistype password and the app forgets the insane username that was checked Don't forget. Seriously
Wtf... I've been using this app for 2 years..  after reseting my password  for not entering  the correct credentials it won't let me in because my company doesn't allow mobile access Try and login with desktop.. access denied I've went completely paperless so now I have zero access to my pay... you need to fix this asap
Terrible, terrible app Never remembers my user name and I have to reset my password every two weeks. Useless.
Does not work at all.... Even though I followed the instructions thoroughly I still couldn't login..
FIX YOUR APP What a waste of a perfectly smart idea. I can NEVER punch in or out for work. Might as well delete it lol
Ddblecha Cant open app keeps forceclosing before opening since last update so its useless now. Should be zero stars.
GUI not the same This is a good app. My GU interface does not look the same as the new update. Need to fix this so that it match.
Everyone rate 1 star until the owners fix there app Everyone pls rate 1 star so the owners can see that there are flaws and bugs and it makes us very frustrated to download this important app that is NEEDED in our work lifes . pls and thank you
Cant punch inout I only have one option and thats to see my pay from the previous pay periods. Why do I not have access to all the features There arent even buttons for the other ones.
Does the job but features don't match iOS Does the job but features don't match iOS. The big bone with this App is having to log in everytime, it loses you username after every update. I was recommended this because the iOS version uses the fingerprint reader to login after the first time but not on Android at the moment sadly.
Can't view statements This update took away the option to view your actual check stub. Which was very handy if needing to show proof of income.
