I have tried to get into the summons for 3 days now and it just keeps sitting there saying loading for hours at a time it's ridiculous  fix it you might get a better review tried to post in forum and to administrator  but apparently you can't forget your password so you can't log in to say anything wow would  really love some compensation for this huge inconvenience
I like the game, but... I always had connection trouble before the update but dealt with it. Now after the update I can't even open  the game. 1 star till they fix this crap.                                                                Update  still won't open, tried clearing cache, even reinstalled. Will not even load. can't connect  retry  quit . Maybe they should work on making the bloody game stable instead of breaking it for so many people.
What happened When I played this game a year ago, it ran flawless and it was one of my favorite games, but due to space on my phone, I had to get rid of it. I decided to redownload it and it has really changed, and not for the better. It takes too long to load and the game lags all the time. I hope this will get fixed and become the game that I remember it to be.
Its not working I just update the game and Its trying to download and I've been waiting for 30mins for something might change on my screen, apprently, still not working.. i got an android phone Kitkat OS... Kindly, fix this issue
What a let down Have been playing Hellfire noe for a very long time and loved it. Never had a problem. Since this last update however it just freezes on the opening screen and no matter how long I give it nothing happens. Totally gutted. Looks like I'm not the only one either. Will this be fixed or not Can't believe I have missed the anniversary as well Not happy
Ripped off Well, I was really enjoying the game so I decided to spend a little money on it to purchase some fire coins. It took my money from the bank, but did not give me the fire coins I purchased. I then tried contacting customer service to find out what was going on and not only did I not get a response, but I can no longer access the game
Scrappy Updated Are you absolutely sure you fixed all the bugs...I still having problem loading on my smartphone or Android tablet. Fix it please
Awful amazing idea The game and the dynamic is amazing, something unique but the design and coding is just awful, the menus, the load time, everything is just sad, keep the premise of throwing spells to the mobs cuz that's nice but change the rest, redesign it all
This used to be the best Game on the play store, now it's just a piece of useless trash taking up space on my tablet. It is so laggy that it's impossible to play, it freezes, and the game play is no longer smooth and fun. Now it's just torture to even open. You managed to ruin the best thing about owning a tablet, shame on you.
Not worth the effort. Every patch this game refuses to load unless you go through a process of clearing, force stops,  uninstalls..etc. There is NO support that can be found on any Dena site  forum and Facebook is just as poor. I have spent money and time on this game for the last time. Game is now uninstalled for good. 10 million downloads More like a couple of thousand downloading  multiple times.
Hellfire Game is slow to update during raids, ie sync  problems.  Nice new look but NO SHOP TO BUY RESOURCES. NOT WORKING NOW
New update What happened with this new update I can't get past the loading... I would give the game more stars if it worked, because I liked playing it when I could actually get past the start when it loads.
Loading too long Played this game in the BBC past and just wow....the loading takes FOREVER compared to the old version. Please fix and it will be a 4 star game.
Missing gems Had 300 legit emerald gems that just disappeared.  There was no expiration time given at any time. How was it supposed to know I would ever lose them Please make this rite
Steady decline in quality The lag is too much with this new update on my xperia z. Can't even play a game properly. Please fix or revert changes. Also for new players, this game rewards wallet warriors or farm bots so if you're thinking of playing casually, there are better games elsewhere...
No good I downloaded this game because I was offered something in another one of their games. I never got what was offered and this game is not any good.
I can't get it on my tablet I love to play this game and I had it on my tablet and now its not letting me download it on my tablet please fix it
What happened This game was so fun until it randomly deleted everything I had, I'm very upset this, I lost every single thing I did and all of my deck cards. Even my account was deleted.
Someone screwed up I have been playing this game for over a year and never had a problem but now after the most recent update the game will not load at all. So I would hope this gets fixed soon or I want a refund for the money I spent playing the game since the company is the reason that a lot of us can no longer play the game anymore, will change to 5 stars if the game gets fixed
