Unreliable 5 bucks for this. Don't buy.   I would say 75 of the time that the video skips and you miss like half of your swing on playback.  No way to make it stop.  Avoid this app.
Unable to trim imported videos Since getting the latest update, I am unable to trim imported videos as it does not allow me to set the start and stop time. It worked flawlessly on past versions. Please fix.
Stpped working after one week of use Great app when it works.  Android sg6 getting stopped working when trying to view captured videos.  So useless.
Sucks I can't use the compare function. It keeps telling me I need to upgrade, when I have. Even worse they won't allow a refund. Stay away from this, use Ubersense instead.
It use to be good I've used the app for a couple of years, it had worked perfectly until...I guess the latest update. Now every time I loadtrim a video after I exit and go back, it's not viewable the title is there, just keep asking me to to trim and then tell me it can't access the video. Please fix Galaxy S4 running 4.4.2
What Happened to My Videos I recently purchased the premium version of this app went from free to premium and when doing so I lost my stored videos for my swing. Is there a way to find these...stored in a cloud data base maybe I will change rating if I can find my videos.
Useless Bought premium unlocker version...Unable to capture  import any videos...Keep getting error not enough memory inspite of several GBs of memory space on my phone....Please avoid downloading this app...
Used to work Penultimate upgrade killed the video function. Now crashes after 20 seconds of recording. Paid for some time ago. Waited for new update to fix, but no difference. Using a 2015 phone with up to date Android.
The latest version is useless.  Can not use front camera to record The latest version I installed on Android smartphone does not allow me to use front camera to record.   How useful is that  I can't record golf swing on my own, and I can't see myself while swinging.  Now, I don't even use it.   I want my money back
OK but I do like the models, but Coach's Eye is a better app.
System crashes on Samsung s4. Love the pc app but this software is buggy
Does not work On my S5 will not save a video or import a video. App needs a lot of work.
Cannot capture nor import videos App keeps crashing....useless
