I installed on my tablet and it didn't work and now im trying to install it on my laptop and it says installed and wont let me install.please fix this for me as im not exactly able to just throw money around
Paid for it and won't download pops up with error 492 have cleared cache for Google Play store and services and now won't let me refund it
Does not work would like rerund. I downloaded this months ago and every once in a while I redownload it to see if it works it never does and probably never will all I have is a black screen before I kept getting all kinds of error notifications they stole my money basically
Total rip off The game it's self is amazing I was so excited about getting this and at 1st fulfilled my expectations for half an hour and then your dun end of ep1 pay for ep2 for half hour pay for ep3 etc like I said the game is boss good story line your meeting main characters but just then getting to the end of episode 1 so quickly and not being able to move on after thinking you've already paid for a game is devastating and out of order
Please help 1 star until I can get episode 5 downloaded. Still says coming soon I've restarted my phone but I'm afraid of uninstalling the app because I do not want to lose my saves. Please help
Good but..... Its pretty good but its not REALLY a game. Its more like an extension of the show. You only get about an hour and a half per each episode and 90 of it is dialogue. I watched all episodes on YouTube for free and felt the same as playing it. For 5 dollars an episode its a rip off To expensive for what you ejd up getting. Bought one episode then watched the rest on YouTube for free. Ill save the remaining  20 thanks. Save your money people its not worth it
False advertising Yea it's 5...  For the first episode, so pretty much an hour of game time..  Such bullshit the game is definitely not worth 20.
There is no picture It loads up it comes on I can see the subtitles and names pop up but I can't see anything its just a black screen with sound
Um, excuse me Played the first episode. Loved it. Bought the season pass. Twenty dollars. A high price, but I'm not super tight about money. But it won't let me play episodes 2 through 6. Says coming soon. Now I know they've been out for a good long while. This is ridiculous. I trusted that I would get what I paid for, and instead I got ripped off. Someone do something. I'm very annoyed.
Painfully agonising Since episode 4 came out, I haven't been able to get pay the bloody trailer I have downloaded the game numerous times, I tried getting rid of almost a third of my apps to free space but even with 5 GB memory is still not going past that bloody first part Fix it
Controls are awful Touch detection does not work well or consistently. A lot of needless deaths due to it not registering swipes. Cannot comment on the rest of the game as I had to shut it down for fear of treating my tablet as a discus and chucking it. After failing a few QTEs a few times each I realized it was not going to work. Get it on PC and save your sanity. Thank the gods I got this on super sale.
