Boo on the update The update erased all my bird coins and previously accumulated power ups. I don't mind the ads or waiting for levels, but this is having me uninstall the app.
Hate The Game Now Once again Rovio has found a new way to ruin a great game. Now you have to wait to play. . .or pay.  Then they update, add new levels that are the same  wait or pay. You Suck, Rovio.
Used to love it Sadly this oncegreat game has become a waiting game and no longer the game I loved. Such a shame how it's ruined now. The game keeps crashing right in the middle of play. The last crash rebooted my device, and when I restarted the game Hidden Harbor was completely locked and all Treasure Hunt progress was gone You suck  Plus after all these years there is no simple way to restore progress on a new device. Should it really be that hard to provide that  Nexus 9, latest Android 6.0
I AM SO TIRED of you Rovio... You can unlock level 21 by replaying level 20, DUMB DUMBDUMB DUMB DUMBDUMB, but in order to play it, you can wait for 6 HOURS, pay 120 coins for just that 1 level OR 1.99 to unlock ALL 10 That's fantastic Nope, sorry, meant to say, SUPER DUMB DUMBDUMB DUMB DUMBDUMB Rovio has become the SKEESIEST money grubbers of all of the APP developers. Seriously, ROVIO, you should be ashamed of yourselves.
It's all about the benjies now You either wait for hours or days to play the next level, or fork out the money to unlock all levels.   No shame
Old version better Now the new levels are locked with no way to unlock them.  Just restore it the old way please
I hate How you can't play all the boards without getting all the coins or buy the next level, change it back to the way it was, you guys just ruined everything  Used to be fun
I updated for the new leaves and it didn't even work. The levels it said are now available I can't play
Ads take away I used to love playing this game but then all of a sudden ads for other games if people want to buy the franchise they will search for it and get it I only play angry birds Rio would give more stars but why should I if you took off the ads every five minutes and limit them then maybe I would confer it more stars....i did first review in march this now is nov 25 2015 i still hate the fact there are still ads so still one or two stars
What good is update Just updated, levels 2140 are locked.
Hated update First it wouldn't open. Then I played level 20. It opened but I to use coins to open it. Then after I played it I found I had to wait over 5 hours to play next level.  open them all up what's the problem. Ridiculous
Not happy I use to really love me some angry birds I HATE the updates its a waiting game now getting tied of waiting 5 hours to play 1 game please change this
