In offline mode the translation only available in the output language's local charset... It is not useful at all in this way. If I could read for example georgian script I don't need a translate app at all...
Cannot make it work offline I travel a lot and faces this issue every time  I download an offline language package, then I want to use it without internet it's complaining about  Offline package files couldn't be found on the storage. Removing all packages  then redownloading them may fix this issue ... I downloaded it 100 times at least.
Translation back Not translating in kor correctly..yes u did translate in kor. for me...but when i copied back ur translated kor. word..n try to translate to eng...it is in total mess
Not good Bengali to english translation when forming a sentence is hilarious. Also english to bengali camera works, reverse is not supported
only 1 translation the browser version displays multiple translations for one word, and yet has its problem yeah i know, translating isnt easy. But seriously, when it shows only one option for translation, the app becomes pretty useless.
Offline language package Ive tried to download language offline  package, but I cant. You need a wifi. Offline packages not yet installed WiFi only download. Package is queued until there is a wifi conection. I dont have a wifi conection, but I have mobile data access. You should make it optional to download it via wifi or mobile data.
Let me delete some other languages I mean I don't even get SPANISH, Russian, Chinese some of the more relevant ones IN THE U.S. but yet I get some random ones that I'll probably never use unless I'm searching up random words like I'm doing right now I want different ones and to delete some other ones
Default language stuck Cannot change the default language, always reverts back to englishitalian.
Offline mode barely works Handy, when you have an Internet connection. If you download files for offline use, 90 of the time it won't recognise you're not connected to the internet and will try and search online for a translation. There's no way to force it to recognise it should be operating offline. And when I tried redownloading the offline language files, they got stuck halfway and wouldn't download any further. This app is more hassle than it's worth.
Google translate I am very dissatisfied with the way you at Google Translate are operating your app I am trying to learn my heritage language while in America because I just discovered it I wish to speak my Irish Gaelic tongue but yet you do not have the speech synthesis on your application of google translate I find that very pathetic and I am very dissatisfied with you you really showed your worth with this application you disgrace your self fix it
Not good It is not translating correctly, I translated LOVE IS A WASTE OF TIME to Hindi it should be prem samay ki barbadi hai but result was prem ke liye samay ki barbadi hai. How I am gonna uninstall this app because I think this app is a waste of time not love.
Camera doesnt work on my asus zenfone 4 Before i upgraded google translate,camera translating was working. But it doesn't work anymore..
Very much disappointed Am using ur app from 1 year n now I'm too much disappointed coz during typing phone is hang n when I go back to home screen keypad still there then I switch off my Samsung galaxy note2 n restart. ...Please fix this problem as soon as possible coz I'm a Lerner of English language n this app was helping me from last 1 year n I also want to say that for me this was the best app but now I'm facing this issue please consider n I hope you will do for me thank you
Crappy crappy crappy this app will not speak the translated text it only speaks it in English I want it to be able to convert my English speech into Bulgarian speech so that my mother in law does not have to read the text as she is visually impaired very crappy out I would rate 0 stars but the rating system on the market will not let me
Wish I could give 0 stars Google Translate used to be good. now you're forced to download huge files so you can use them offline. I don't want to take up all my memory in my phone. Who in the modern day does not have almost full time reception to require downloading big files for offline use I would prefer to run barefoot through runny wet puddles of dog doo doo then deal with this.
