Warning Game consumes more data in a short time than Simpsons  Walking Dead together. Game kicks me out often also, making me have to redo tasks I've already done prior.
Complete crap of a game. I've finished leveling and the special events take way too long to complete If you're able to without using clams.
Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Connect error I have not been able to play the game since about 600 this morning It keeps saying cannot connect to server. I'm not having any connection problems with any other apps, I've even tried to uninstall and reinstall, but that didn't make any difference. I also tried restarting my phone. PLEASE FIX, I'M NOT GOING TO COMPLETE TASKS BEFORE THEY END I put a lot of money into this game, this is ridiculous
Samsung galaxy s5 need more land also lower prices to get exclusive things also expand event times longer.
Getting painful Has started crashing regularly after the last updateat least 50 of the times openedHad no problem prior to this.Getting old very quickly......just fix it
No help Since around summer time my game had crashed and I've sent so many emails trying to get tinyco to fix the issue. They say they'll look into it and then I get an email saying they haven't heard back from me so they are making my problem as fixed It's rediculous and obvious they just don't care anymore. Makes me bummed because I really enjoyed this game.
TinyCo sucks WTF  75 bags of dog food to unlock one1 character  Good game but, the developers, programmers, and support ppl suck. Numerous complaints, and still no fixes. Apparently they do not care about the people who actually play the game, or they would make some attempt to fix the issue with the game. Pathetic.... 'Nuff said.
Pice of garbage As this game look cool it has so many bugs and glitches that make it un playable like me can't even get pass the tutorial can tap any thing I think they should fix this crap game it's not even with your time you won't even be able to play
Annoying  It keeps saying connect error  Im connected to the internet plus with good 4g service .... I wish you would fox this problem , seems like it keeps getting worse and worse .
Ridiculous Only like 2 days to get dog characters ARE YOU KIDDING ME never said how long the event was for either.  I was so close to getting joe.  Stuff like this makes me want to hit uninstall
Always crashes Was fun spent time and money on game, but now it just keeps crashing. Almost never stays on for more than a minute. Tried uninstallreinstall, still crashes every time I try to play. Would be great if fixed.
Don't bother Game events are fixed so that you get desperate  buy coins even if you're not lagging behind in mission
Crash town Game was fun but after updates game constantly crashes.  Very frustrating to spend money on characters just to have them not do anything in events.   I use to play everyday but now its once every couple of weeks.   Keep hoping updates fix issues but they seem to make it worse.
Sick of constant crashing It's an alright game when it actually works, but has its issues. Randomly crashes which is frustrating If you don't have lots of patience, don't bother with this game
