Pay to complete I can't complete the chapters the enemy with helmet won't die with one shot even with head shot, I've been rolling the daily spin but I couldn't get the last piece of the gold gun, its like u need to pay first before u can get the gold gun and it sucks,
Pay to win Title explains itself. You can play a couple levels and have fun. Then youre stuck there for years...exept if you win. Good game but not one more star for that. The loterie by the way, i have been rolling that for weeks and i cant get the last piece of ultimate weapon or the rifle.
Free Running Gaming This game as so much potential, but ends up being the most boring sniper game i've ever played. The missions are all the same and the daily reward always give you the same rubbish. Shame.
I would love this game if you didnt have to use energy i hate games like that all you want is my money other than that good game
Liked it but... I finished the chapters and achievements except the guns because I won't buy the bullion to get it. Now it's boring because I know where the bad guys are and have nothing to work towards. Btw it shouldn't count as a miss if you blowup a barrel to kill a bad guy.
Modern sniper Hard to complete missions in aloted time. Needs more  cash at startup  and better weapon to start with, game always says it is under powered. Having to shoot 6 times or more to kill enemy. Is just to much. Stuck on 131 anyone tell me how to get through it. I got all the parts to the golden  gun and it is sweet, just about one shot  one.   kill. NEEDS  MORE LEVELS.
What a dumb game I should've guessed it was as bad as it appeared when the title reads that it  will blown me away. I guess only to an English speaking person would the following comment seem funny... but I am sorry to say it didn't blown me away because this game BLOWS and is more suitable for a game platform from the early 90's. LAME
Moderately entertaining As with many of these attempts at sniping games, this one falls short of the mark. The game has no plot, the weapons are very inaccurate in the area of loading and firing rates as well as power and accuracy. Also the bad guys must have unobtanium armor. As a Marine I am always looking for a good and accurate shooting game. Unfortunately this one is just as disappointing as all the others
