MY PHOTOS ARE GONE SCAMMERS I tried locking my photos and vid But I could not unlock them  so I tried deleting the app but it deleted my things with it
Unreasonable popups The new interface was good but at first the app locker wasn't working. Then, when it started working there were sudden popups of such apps which I haven't even launched
This makes me think is just a scam for people to download this. I have protection on my phone and it tells me i have no threats. While sending me a message saying my privacy have been stolen. Smh this is just a scam to download and your app doesn't even clean anything to be honest.
Not that bad It was fine for five minutes but now I just want it uninstall it but I can'tFix it or I will never download a game or app from this company again.J feel like its addictive more viruses than it removes.I found a loop though go to your setting s and remove the app from there
Fraud Do not download I had no problems until I downloaded.  When I tried to Uninstaller it told me I had a dangerous virus. Bullshit  Do NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP
Deleted all my picsvideos I Locked my gallery and hid the pictures and videos but I couldnt unhide them after I searched and searched for an unhide button and had no luck I uninstalled the app and it didn't give me back my pictures or videos It took them and deleted them all. Dont install this app I seriously believe its a scam to get into your device and get all your pictures.
I do not like this app. It will not let me take it off my phone. Totally unsatisfied
Horrible Won't let me delete Ever sinse I got the app, it always makes me put in my password anywhere I go on my phone. Also, I can't do the thumb print like it shows in a picture. I have been trying to delete it, but it will not let me. It says it will delete, but every time I check, it wont. If you haven't downloaded this app yet, I wouldn't get it.
I give you one star because it kept cutting in on everything I was doing and Kept telling me I had a virus in my s was at risk
I would gladly give it a 5 star except for the fact that i trusted that lock crap up until it took away all my pictures from my gallery all my instagram pics and my camera storage, i sent a complaint and nothing has changed and it just says wrong password I had some very special family pics of myself my grandchildren and family trips now all gone because of the virus bull crap message, I'd rather have the so called fake virus back this sucks
DO NOT DOWNLOAD This app is nothing but a great big virus horder. Once it's on your phone it'll never leave
STUPID I KEEP GETTING STUPID NOTIFICATIONS 10 TIMES A DAY NO REASON AND DOES NOT WORK THIS BETTER STOP
Ugh bad app I thought it would clear my phone and didnt , tried to uninstall but don't allow me to.
Please stop the notification to install. I've installed, uninstalled, and installed again and can not leave app to use my phone.  I keep getting the same notifications over and over.  I do not like this.  The safeguard is alright as far as locking the apps I need locked, but the other I can do without.  I wasn't having this problem before I installed this.
It hid all my precious photos Beware this app takes your photo it has no unhide button for photos and now there gone don't fall for it if you cherish the photos you have on your phone don't install this
Feature malfunction Will not allow me to turn on break in monitor
Erase all my pics This app said it was going to protect my pics but erased all of them. I hate this app.
This is  I don't know why I even had this one. I tried keeping my things safe especially with the pictures but before removing almost everything, I backed up my stuff on my computer which only to find out after restoring, my gallery was empty because this thing hid it Doesn't even have an account to let me restore something they hide
The older version is better  I don't like this updating version because of adds and some changes. Really I don't like new version. Old one is much better than this one. I want Old version back. So what can I do 
Sucks I think it actually downloaded the virus it said my phone has. I can't even Uninstall it now and it's just using up space I could be using for a real virus protector. Don't download.
Had photos in the hidden spot and couldn't get them out so I deleted the app thinking I would but instead it deleted them off the face of the earth and I had important photos in there too
