II used 80,000 points to get ear buds and did NOT get any notifications at all Need to let players know one way or the other.
Needs improvement More variety of prizes,scan don't work,and sweepstakes is the only thing these points are good for. I want the old game back you could get all sorts of  things,glasses,mousepads,carrying cases,tshirts. Bring that back
Great, but when i try to capture code it always tells me its too blurry. You should also be able to redeem points in the pespi merchandise store. Would be nice.
Insecure Device The app should work on all phones. I'm very disappointed that this app say that my phone is an insecure device.
Checks if you have root. Doesn't even have to be enabled. Says insecure device also keeps GPS on even when the app is closed
So confused I'm entering caps and it's deducting 1000 points now. And the check in feature doesn't work when I'm actually at one of the locations but hey when I randomly drive by one sometimes it gives it to me Wtf
Crappy app I thought there would be single song down loads for small amount of points but instead the rewards offered are basically all unattainable.  Probably political where people they know win without even entering.
Doesn't work App won't open. When I click to start it, a msg pops up stating unsecure device and it closes. I have a rooted Nexus 5 running most up to date version of Lollipop.
Waste of time. Signed up, and it very quickly sent me 6  SIX  emails, all saying the exact same thing and I had NOT checked the box to receive Pepsi Pass emails. Not going to give it time to spam me more. Their points system is stupid. They deal in large numbers in the millions and the cheapest thing is 1000 points. Why not start with 1 point and use smaller numbers
Latest Update Didn't Fix App Not only has the camera function not been fixed, the app frequently freezes andor forces closed at random. Even less stars from me now.
What I just downloaded the app and it Insecure device Pepsi pass will now exit and I can't open the app....
