What the hell I still can't send pictures in messages. I don't understand. The plus sign turns to an x but the query board comes up nothing else no pics nothing. Fix this
Slow notification  notify again multiple times Pay for even more useless than its normal app. Only good for saving battery and data. Those 5 a liar
Awful, ladies avoid. Slow and buggy, notifications don't work half the time.  Whilst a member I was bombarded with filthy messages and indecent pictures, I retaliated and was actually banned by Skout staff.  This is a great app if you would like to talk to degenerate men though
Nope This app is stupid. Doesn't let you search and filter by any parameters, i.e. age, ethnicity, hobbies. So it's impossible to find people with similar likes and it's all down to chance. What's the point
Can't even log in When I open the app it automatically closes two seconds later. I can open free Skout no problem, with ads, but not this one.
Charged I was charged 9.99 dollars and I did not received my 1200 points. I didnt intend to subscribe but since it is already there, I was expecting to at least give me my points. Didnt receive any reply from the admins
Fix chat requests CHAT REQUESTS DON'T WORK paid for a nonfunctional app. Please fix. Shows 20 notifications under chat requests but click and nothing is there. Galaxy S6 edge.
Review I still think customer service is a joke, the fact is has malware services disguised as ad services to steal my info an other data is an issue they need to address  remove.
I can't even send a picture..that's really bad...message always late.
No point, you will just get banned. Skout used to be decent, until just recently. You can't even say poop without getting banned, no joke. They are just banning everyone left and right, idgi, don't you want people to use your app
Such a piece of garbage Locks in the wrong location, changing photos is a nightmare, search features don't work well, so... what's the point
You have message but when you click in it it's blank.
Samsung galaxy S5 Cant send pictures anymore. Fix it
