Crash City Great stories,  of course.   My complaint is with the app itself.  It  will stop mid story and skip to another without refreshing the screen.   I never really know what I'm listening to nor can I find what I was listening to.  Have Un and re installed several times.   Does not help.   Samsung Galaxy S4
Keeps Crashing While I can stream, the app almost immediately gives me a force close window. Keeps playing while the window us up, but I can't do anything else with my phone.
Galaxy S4 glitchy Great material of course but app sucks.  Will randomly reset to new eventslam in the middle of a story.   Very fustrating, then you have to search for event all over and try to find place again.  Stays  open and playing even after closed.  Crashes phone.  Will change if updated
Moth Too buggy to deal with.  Keeps crashing... At first it only crashed a few times per day, now it won't run at all.
Why doesent The Moth respond We are all big enough for this app to be fixed and updated However there is a complete lack of response to these requests. Since my last posting this continues to be a problem. Keeps crashing on razor maxx
Obamacare 2.0 Too much was put into aesthetics and not enough into ui and debugging. Almost unusable when listening to downloads. The player freaks out and fails to play or plays the wrong track. Had high hopes for this app and it has turned out to be a disappointing first paid app.
Please fix this I just want to listen to the moth It's such a great show, but it's only on the radio one hour a week when I'm not listening to it. You can't seem to get free podcasts either. So I paid for the app to try to listen, which is fine  I'm more than happy to pay a dollar to listen to great content  but the app is a disaster. The minute the app is fixed, I'm changing this to 5 stars.
Constantly Crashes I love the moth and its content, but the app just does not work. Its form to the point where I can't even open the app for more then a few seconds before it crashes. Sometimes I don't even have to open it to get a crash notification. I hope they repair it, but for now I need the space in my phone more then I need an app that doesn't work
Good idea, awfully buggy execution I love the Moth, but this app feels untested. Offline downloads are slow, often hang and cannot be resumed, and it will only allow 1 download at a time.  Even worse, streaming sometimes just doesn't work.  2 stars because I really like what the moth is trying to do with this app, but it needs a lot of work to be usable.
Offline is really buggy. Love the moth, hate the app I'm a huge fan of the moth and was really excited to see that they have an app.  When you're streaming, it can lock up your phone.  Playing downloaded shows doesn't work unless you're connected to the internet, really What's the point then Was really looking forward to listening to downloads while flying and it just doesn't work.  You'll probably need to reboot your phone after using the app, I do.  Love the moth, hate the app
Awesome stories, disastrous app It crashes often and is barely usable. It looses the current position when someone calls, it's hard to see which episodes you've heard, downloading episodes demands millimeter precision otherwise you'll play the episode instead, starting episodes downloaded or not takes several seconds.  Also, the thing that made me take the effort to actually write this review. Downloaded stories can't be played offline. The stories is great though.
Buggy It was great when the app actually worked, but the majority of the time I experienced freezing, inability to play even downloaded episodes, and random crashes.
Needs some work I love the North, so I was overexcited to buy this app, but I've found it lacking and buggy. I get popup notices telling me it's crashed even when it's not running even in the background. It's startup time is agonizingly slow and twitchy. I feel it can be a wonderful app with some more under the hood tweaking. Keep at it, fellas. Until then, I'll just keep tuning in through Pocket Casts.
Brilliant show, awful app I thoroughly enjoy the moth, but this app is terrible. I keep getting messages saying it had crashed even when it shouldn't be running, it crashes when in use, I often ask unable to pause or rewind as it plays a podcast but doesn't seem to connect with the interface meaning the only way to stop it playing is to start several simultaneous episodes, which is but shouldn't be possible. Real shame.
Crashes. Needs work. As others noted, the app looks good, but it suffers from serious problems right now. It frequently crashes during playback of longer episodes, like the radio hour. Also, when I download longer episodes to listen offline, these sometimes do not play at all, but begin a crazy kind of shuffle through the other shorter episodes I've downloaded. As an ardent Moth supporter, I'd love for this to be fixed.
The Moth is great, The Moth App not at all there's no way to mark a story as played so unless you can remember which stories you've heard, finding a new one to listen to is difficult at best. the app itself is buggy as well. I was happy to pay a dollar to hear stories whenever I liked, but this app is all but useless. fix the app and ui and I'll happily change this to five stars. meanwhile it's TAL and Selected Shorts for me.
Love the moth, but the app is trash Crashes and hangs frequently  just about unusable a lot of the time.  Interface is confusing too.  Love the Moth, wish the app actually worked.
Needs Serious Work I appreciate the extensive library of recordings, but the way in which it is delivered is buggy. Crashing, track switching, and unresponsiveness are all common. I've even had two tracks play at the same time. Please fix these problems.
Worst app I've ever used. Galaxy S4 I LOVE the radio show, and it seems like many others do, too  so I just cannot fathom WHY they think it's OK to charge money for what is THE WORST app I have ever used. If you can find ANY OTHER WAY to hear the show, I suggest not touching this app with a tenfoot pole.
LoveHate Love the stories, hate the app. Please fix this Crashes every time I listen, restarts where it wants to, can't keep track of what I have listened to. So frustrating
Love The Moth hate the app Crashes and failed downloads, an absolutely useless app. Still love the show but uninstalling till issues are addressed
Crash I love the moth but the app needs serious work. This is the only app I have ever paid for and it crashes upon opening since I switched to my Sony Xperia 3. Please fix, I need my fix.
Terrible Fantastic content but horrible app. Very slow and unreliable. Better off downloading podcasts from elsewhere
Consistently crashing 9 out of 10 times when you open it it will crash. From what I can figure out, even after downloading an episode it still requires data use. Several bugs need to be fixed for this app.
Skips to the next story too early Love The Moth but I'm really disappointed by this app. I had it all set up for a road trip thinking it would just keep playing which it did, but it would skip to the next story a few minutes before the end. Really disappointing to get involved in a story only to have it cut short.
So excited, but... I was so excited to see The Moth app for 99 cents. I bought, downloaded, but when I play it a box pops up Sorry The application The Moth has stopped unexpectedly. Please try again. and then gives me the option to Force Close or Report. How do I fix this Is anyone having the same problem I've restarted my phone, but other than that, not sure what to do. 
Amazing stories, horrible app. I used to listen to the moth on my commute to work but lately the app has been crashing everytime I use it. It's not a problem with my phone because it is not working on my friends Nexus 5. Please fix this I miss the amazing stories.
