Buggy It looks like it would be a half decent game if the controls were sorted out. Don't bother with this if you only have a touch screen. I can't seem to move up or right, only down and left, and there's nothing wrong with my screen.
WHERE TO FIND STRONGER MACE wherebto find stronger mace for new weapon, one chest is behind black rocks, and i cant get true, i allready buyed new hearth and all at pepernmint butlers shop but i still cant fix it, second thing is that see, i love adventure time but this game is bad and hard, i cant move character well, enemyes are stupid, i ony gived 1 mire star becausebi love adventure time, if you wanna play this game, it would be boring and you will play 15 min, you gotta fix this game
Cope zelda way Game is boring music make sleep in 3 min, slow, contral sucks, to much advertisment, dailoge of the game not much, i prefer play orginal game better.of zelda
Worst game ever Literally The worst game I've every played, it doesn't allow me to move the character instead the little ball thing that moves him had a mind of its own wtf literally going the opposite way. Thanx for wasting my time.
Hater230 I hated the game it was crap it was stinking stupid it was fun till I realized there was no map and I had no clue whatsoever where I was going , also they give me one weapon and expect me to complete the whole game , what a stinking pile of dog poop
I can finish this game Every attack in the boss burger i can back the sauce from him fix it and the bugs
Glitchy I went back into first dungeon to try and find a weapon to break the black rocks when I tried to go through a door I went through a wall instead and now I'm stuck in it. Fix  and I'll give 5 stars. edit I've found out where the weapon is, but I can't find the 2nd dungeon I thought it was behind the black rocks where peppermint Butler is. Still can't get through the wall
Ads Would have been great if I didn't have to watch a minute video every time I entered the menu. Very poor ads
Uggg flip I love de game and all but the it wont let me play.it saya unfornatly. adventure time has stopped  fix it or i delete game
