Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
So angry So i have been loyal to this game for over a year and even deposited 5 twice to beat challenges. So i tell my  cousin about the game and have him download it an he gets a 4 star colossus and i have been playing this long an yet to have a single one. I thought was just luck and than 2 days later gets ANOTHER ONE Complete crap and so unhappy with this game and not showing loyalty to longterm player. Kbreezy586
This Game Sucks In order to advance  increase ratings or getting new players one has to dump all his time in playing it whole day or night , especially for Arena fights . Please Make it little easier by increasing award points for fights , you guys can increase revive time in accordance.  Otherwise this game is 5 ratings game .
Addictive Trilling Support sucks and their screwing up a really great game. But it's still fun just don't get pulled into spending money on it
When updated it lags on my snapdragon 810,4gb ram So funny.. Out of 45 crystals  zero 4 star  chars. .real 
Graphics, crystals and connection problems. I'm using a tablet and I watch my friends play this game on their smart phones and the graphics are different. In battle the hero ratings don't show and the bands around the champions do not appear on my champions page. Furthermore, when opening crystals I tap on the screen and the crystal does not stop. I have to force close and reopen the app. Also I am having connection problems even with excellent wifi connect.
Now It Doesnt Connect First it was bugged and now the game doesnt connects ...i have a working connection but still it doesnt connect...i tried uninstalling and reinstalling....doesnt work...cant even play the game anymore...great job and thanks for the updates
I was a really big fan... Ok since the last update  when i get the daily crystal  i always get vision 1 start.. every single time.. im talking over 20 crystal always i get  1 start vision... in any other crystal i get gamora 2 start every single time....it's get annoying when you get the same character every time... i think im going back to injustice
Rigged In order to get people to pay for the inapp purchases, the game is heavily stacked against the player upon reaching a middle level.
DONT DOWNLOAD Don't play this game unless you want to waste an incredible INCREDIBLE amount of time and money...especially money....be careful Kabam ALWAYS trys ripping u off...wish I could give this a negative rating...digital rape is the appropriate metaphor....plus the game messes up constantly robbing u of your progress
Arena leader board You guys need to make a veiwable leader board for the arena area. The ggod charecters are hard to get cause no one knows what there points will get them. I tried for spider gwen and played almost nonstop for the time period and i didnt even scratch the top 20 percent. Thats just bs i should be able to see where i stand in the leader board. Other games i have show me that. Why nit you guys
