Bleh It's great for checking your schedule, assuming you get that far. App is incredibly slow, often times never loads, and tries to say your password is wrong when it isn't But you can use a browser and log in just fine
Promising But Fails Can't set default view primarily only use it for viewing schedule, reporting absence or tardy causes app to logoff and reset  not much else as far as real content. Only good thing is slightly faster than using website, when app actually works.
CAN I GIVE IT 0 STARS I have registered 3 TIMES Every day i have to make a new account cause it logs me out and then usernamepassword combo DOES NOT WORK I use the same combo for another app, and this app is the only one not working...ridiculous 
Unreliable The app is slow, clunky and feels like it has never been optimized. The only reason you should download this app is to check your work schedule at WalMart which changes like the weather which will still takes 3 minutes of loading. Everything else either doesn't work, or is useless anyways. You could probably hire 4 college nerds to make a better app than this slag.
Hate it If I could have I'd give it zero stars I just wanted to get my schedule,  not play games
Sucks The updated version totally sucks It will not work right I have to keep deleting the app.
My password Why is it telling me that I need to seek help desk. Been on the desktop and still can't get it to work.. really would like a reply to help me get this working right.
After last update, all you can do is look up schedule. Stories, paystub default back to home page Please fix this glitch Thanks
Garbage Can't check my pay stub or schedule. It crashes every time. Another worthless app from walmart
Cant use it Simply will not let me register to even use it....
Frustrated I shouldn't have updated. Now I can't log in
Walmartone I like the app but the updates not working
Needs fixing. Won't load and very slow IF it does load.
Walmart app Can't check on anything Is there an update If so, WHERE
Your app is bad it won't let me login so I can get what I need fix I'm not rating you better till you do
.. Keeps taking me to my Dolphin browser, then when I log in the page doesnt load.
What is the point What is the point in downloading an app, or having it exist for that matter, if it does not work I can't get past the log in screen, and even when I go to the website it does not let me on because of an error My credentials are accurate, it just doesn't work I don't like checking my pay stub at work because anybody can walk past and look at the screen and see how much my check is... Seriously...
Ughhhhhh Won't load
Forever wait Way too slow. Great for checking schedule if you can get logged in.
Schedule I love having access to my schedule from my phone. The trouble is, it takes far too much time and too many clicks to get there. I'd love it if the landing page after you log in was schedule. Also, make sure if I exit or back out of the app, it logs me out automatically. Because as it is now, every time I open it, I have to log out of my previous session before I can log in. Again, too many clicks.
Weak It's very slow when it actually works and I have yet to get some features to work at all, such as the pin quick log in.
Sucks For a company that makes as much as they do, they really suck at making good applications for their employees. Their card app is even worse, do yourself a favor and get a blue bird card.
My money I like the app, I use to be able to get my paycheck stub but now it locked me out.. Help fix it and I will rate you 5 stars thanks
Oops The Oops inset covers the  schedule and most of the time it will not scroll therefore cannot remove.  That is after waiting for it to come up.
I cant log in to my account at all and this is the only way I check my schedule
