Loved the app...what happened I used the cardboard app and viewer 3 days ago at a friend's house...got my viewer in the mail today and it's terrible Seeing double, maybe the QR code is bad Looks like a common comment in other app reviews. Magnetic pull won't work either...so bummed Please fix 
Double vision I actually have a google nexus 5x, and despite all sorts of adjustments I was only able to see double of everything. Lame
Looks great.. Bought a viewer on eBay and found that there is no way to center the image so I just see the same image twice. Please fix. I can't believe something so seemingly simple has been overlooked or is somehow not possible. Appears to be an issue with this and some apps as others work fine.
Can't watch videos HTC One M8. When I try to watch cardboard videos, there is an 'X' of sorts digitizing across the screen. It blocks almost the entire screen and makes them unwatchable. Please help.
Double vision It doesn't work nor does it create a sense of being in a different location. Everything is ruined by the fact that it's constantly in double vision and there is no way of calibrating it otherwise. I'm pretty sure it's mainly a problem with Meizu phones as they are not compatible with ANYTHING, but either way it's really frustrating that nothing from this app works AT ALL
Samsung S3 The app would probably be incredible, but for the s3 at least it won't show the correct size image, making it worthless.
I wish it would work for me I was using VRSE with no problems. Downloaded this app and scanned my QR code and the screen sizes are too squar now there for my self and 3 other friends now see 2 screens instead of conjoining into 1
Double Vision on Moto X2 Tested on both lollipop  marshmallow, caused double vision yet Baofeng VR works. Please add specific configurations or simply provide a QR code to support this advice.
Camera is totally stretched when trying to scan QR code, can't function. Inapp 3d experience is rotated 90 degrees. Problems on Google Project Tango tablet.
New update crashes on start on Samsung S4 Does not run on S4 after update. Only intro video works. The rest just chrashes like in the previous version. Pitty that the end user has become the beta tester for developers.
Cardboard Viewer Good idea but pointless if there are no instructions and measurements to make one. I imagine positioning distances for phone slot plus eye holes position needs to be quite accurate.
System reboot It used to work fine on my previous Nexus 5. However, after switching to Nexus 6Motorola, it always causes system reboot after a few seconds of running. Now I cannot use any of my two cardboard VR that I purchased.
Ok new problem The left side video not same as the other Plz fix this
Fix it Now there's setup for Meizu M2 Note... But the image is still looks double... So, it's not really working out... Please fix
Doesn't work with the Nexus 6p Paired it with my viewer, but it doesn't display correctly. There is 2 of everything, and the feels too close. Please adjust for the Nexus 6p.
Not working. Why is the app crashing. Whenever I reinstall the application it works perfectly fine but it will crash the next time. Why.  I even ordered the cardboard. It will be delivered by next tuesday. I just can't wait to experience this but IT CRASHES ...
Not working What am I supposed to see Right now I see two disparate images that just give me a headache.
Double vision Images are no longer aligned correctly after the latest update. I get double images in some apps. Google Earth seems to be OK, but street view is unusable.
