Not a good app This app charged me without showing me my credit report.And the payment processing was successfully but why didn't it show me angry 
Don't pay until they answer this question Hi guys, before I sign up for your ID protection. Can you please let me know which credit bureau you use Tansunion, ICT, Experian etc.  I want to know as it is of less value if you sign up and you use one of the smaller ones as they track very few companies.  .
Disappointed Wen I purchase credit report it just says auth declined
No good You took my money without giving me any report and also no explanation why not.
Worst App Ever. It took my money and no report. App says authentication failed despite me checking everything. Funny enough, the app takes the money first then after taking it, it  requests personal information which it can't always verify for a report to be issued.  Daylight fraud....... Don't download it...
Not working App says update to ver 1.06 I'm on 1.07
Why doesn't it support debit cardsWas it only made for credit card holders
Credit card details in app Really people, if you want to charge use the in app purchases it is there to provide security for both parties. A license agreement that gives you the right to do whatever with my card details is also not a satisfactory agreement. Please look out for the interests of the users not just to protect the company.
The app only caters for ID numbers only and not passport numbers. Please improve on this otherwise looks like a very handy app
Privacy issues. Prices of reports should be shown upfront before asking for personal details.
Nothing worked Install the app and try id monitoting  coming soon. Try credit report and get paygate not active.
Gave me information regarding another person, and charged me R29 for it. It is a breach of the other person's privacy. This app is not credit worthy
PayGate not active Would not let me purchase my credit report, apparently the PayGate account is not active, so basically a waste of time
Nice idea but I'm keep getting a bank timeout FNB  Fix it and I'll try again
Bank Interface time  out all the time with a full signal
It's not free Should at least get one free a year
payment does not work.. paygate  not active
Payment failed Tried purchasing it a few times but keeps timing out.
