Facebook not working properly Usually to open fb page I use uc browser mostly becaz its show speed while other browser but now its still loadin over 5 mins to get n to page..
Not supporting I have uninstalled after M update and tried installing but it says not properly installed try installing again which i have tried more than 10 times . Kindly fix this bug
Not able to play online videos Online videos are not playing in latest update version but I tried in other browser its working. So kindly fix the bug.
Always ask rate 5 star Uc browser ko ek dum bakwas kar diya net bahut zada consume kar raha hai i will try other browser
fcuk team uc there isn't any uc which is compatible for my samsung galaxy j7 . tram uc sucks. dolphin n fire fox is 100 times better than this 1 star uc...
Not able to change the theme Hi I'm having issues using your app on android 6 on my Micromax Android one. The themes are not changing. There is no change with the background colour or the menu bar colour. I have tried changing wallpaper to one of my own pictures. But that doesn't work too. The app is already updated to latest version. I have reinstalled the app to avoid bugs in android m as you suggested.
It save the image of any of the video I watch online Whenever I watch video online like something on YouTube it automatically save the image in my gallery thats why i have concerned of security issue
UC suks see I was facing problem downloading stuff from UC mini so I downloaded this version but also in this UC the speed is damm low my default browser is better then this plz fix this the old UC was great I don't know what happened to UC I need help plz
After update After i update ucbrow why this warning show up  I have try update again, clear cache, cookies, but it still show this message...              Appliance Error internalerror   An unrecoverable error was encountered  This problem is unexpected. Please use the contact information below to obtain assistance.  For assistance, contact your network support team.
