No sound at all Will not play sound at all on droid turbo 2. It says record but on play back there is no sound at all I uninstalled and reinstalled but same thing. No good
Worst app I ever came across till date. This app only recorded my voice instead of recording both the ends. I had a very important conversation with an individual and I required some  evidence. This app made me a jackass out by recording my voice alone. Plz don't download it if this issue still continues. I just deleting this app off.
Really I've uninstalled and reinstalled this app twice and still it records my calls, then when I want to listen it says 000 as if it never recorded anything. I have very important information on these calls. How do I get the recordings
I'm Moto g3 user From opposition site voice record very low. Please improve it . I'll give five star. Bloadbeast apps is best app for recording it records both side but automatic call record not free . that's why I would like install your app . in my Moto g3 not working good . it does not record properly to other side
Not working for moto x play Initially was working fine for first two days. Suddenly it stopped. Now it is recording but audio is not playable. Even play button is not working. God knows what happened. Kindly sort it out. Team Appliqato.....
Horrible This app records every call as advertised, problem is that I can't understand what anyone is saying. It is just one loud fuzzy voice and one really low one.
Bad performance I am using this app since 2011. But few months later it  creating problem. There is no automatic recording, no voice recording. So annoying
Its good But the other persons voice is not being recorded clearly it too low i cant hear so plzz fix this
Need help I recorded a phone interview and now trying to listen back to write about it and it won't let me play the recording also the file can't be shared to an email, another playing app, or storage area like Dropbox. I would love any suggestions about how to get these files to play.
Receiver voice is not audible. At the beginning it was gud..but after the recent updates,the sound of the receiver is not so clear n less audible even wen v listen with our headphone. I'm using Moto G3
Not working after upgrade... HTC Working good when I plugged in head phones... But since the update, its Not working again. Pls fix it.
Good app but doest not work with handsfree No calls are recorded while using bluetooth headsets are connected. Already changed the option to allow bluetooth devices
Doesn't work Of all 5 recordings over 1 minute, when i press play they are less than one second and no audio
