Will not open Honestly its probably my ROM and I have yet to look into it yet but currently running my own aosp ROM and the app will not open at all. Clearing app data and cache does not help. Will update if I figure it out but for now and until I prove its on my end gotta give the 2 stars.
Latest version is screwed. You took away the What's nearby function some time ago, AND NOW you take away What's hot Are you fricking trying to get more people to drop this app I'm sure that I will REAL SOON
Meh I really dont like the new design of gg, please keep the old one. And i wanna know how many people visited my page, goshhh
Why Please tell me why, since the last update 2 days ago I have had over a hundred foreign people following me and messaging me on Hangouts I don't use either of the apps and I can't find a way to stop it
Can't do functions that should be a given I cant change profile pic or cover, it keeps saying the photos aren't big enough but they are all bigger than 250480, i cant create circles on my profile and it doesnt have circles such as friends in the first place, my phone is an lgl39c just in case your wondering.
Samsung Galaxy Multi window support Fuxk the photos app I don't need it why you're making another way so people can access my pictures take it down please. And one more thing since I use this on my note 4 why not support the multi window feature.
What happen Google How can I'm no longer be able to update my profile on G That's lost with the new design And please make the circle stream appear on the design.
Used to be good What did Google do to this app I can no longer navigate this  can't navigate to my communities and it doesn't even show how many views anymore. No longer see any reason to have a profile anymore. Deleting and MAY consider reinstalling when it returns to its former glory. Better yet, just accept you made a mistake and go back to the old design.
using maximum screen space display minimum content,using most tap and flip do less action, high frequence usage option place it deeper and deeper, useless stuff always first showing, if our compay who design application layout like this, he will be fire.
Really ARE YOU TRYING TO GET PEOPLE TO LEAVE THIS APP, NOW I CAN'T DOWNLOAD PEOPLES PROFILE PICS, AND YOU TOOK AWAY THE WHATS HOT
I'M GOING TO GO BACK TO FACEBOOK LET US REVERT TO THE OLD DESIGN AND NOT THE CRAPPED UP ONE gt'
Fix the update please I have had the Google app for at least a year and have loved it....  Up until this most recent update.  It now no longer shows bolded, italicized, and cut through words.  That is annoying. Fix that problem and I'll be glad to give it five stars again.
Worst update in the history of G The new update sucks  will let many people leave G  switch to whatever else, including me if it doesn't get back the old layout. One problem is that I can no more view the about section of neither my profile nor other people's ones. I can't list all the issues with the update because they're many  have totally ruined G for me  other people as well Most of the stuff that I liked in G is now gone Google why
The new Update, pinning. I really hate then new update for the profiles, please go back to old one. I hate how I cant have gifs as my profile pic anymore, that kinda makes me want to give it 1 star. And I want to be able to pin posts on mobile technically make it like the web version.
sucks. i was able to see some visiting contacts before.  i perfer the old version.  y make changes if they didnt need them
I hate the new update The new update is to confusing i'd like it better if everything like community's notifications an etc on the same side that you swipe out an everything is right there I don't like having to things on the sides then having another on the bottom
UPdate Yea Rite. Call it DOWNdate GET REAL GOOGLE, be honest for once Call it a DOWNdate if the new version is worse than the previous one. Its bad enough  Google forces a couple unnecessary and unused apps on my fone that steals a lot of space.
New update is bad The new update jacked up my profile. Why do i have to do multiple things and open the internet to get to see more of my profile. The profile layout got messed up and got complicated. I don't know why Google decided to change and delete stuff... sigh
Google Just when I think this app couldn't get worse Google mange to prove me wrong You can no longer view now you must follow and be followed Do you want to be added to my circle Will you add me to your circle Hahaha LOL The clowns at Google I stand corrected.
History has Been Made It is the worst update to hit this app, ever Thousands have dropped the app now, communities feel dead  and I I can't even post, 1, or comment on things So I feel hopeless with this app now, doesn't even deserve 2 stars. I've also noticed the rating is going down for this app.  Well done, fix the update bring views back to profiles revert to old profile layout improve the navigation fix posting, commenting and 1'ing... C'mon. What happened to the app I once truly loved
Can't add to circle What the hell happened why is everyone I add somebody it says server problem plz fixed this thank u
Ruined this application What are you thinking google we want the what's hot back, go back to the last version.
the new Google update This  application is not working at all for my samsung galaxy note 10.1 tablet. Please bring back the old Google app which was working just fine don't need to change it if everything is good. thank you
New update  Are you serious IT IS JUST TERRIBLE, nothing good about it, I am starting to hate Google for real, please do something about it fast, please. I miss the bolded, italicized letters, they are now gone. Viewing the posts of specific circles takes forever. Even the profile, can't get worse. Why Why did you do that to us Wanna restore the older version was much much better.
Looks like the end is near New updates sucks not sure why you guys continue to strip down this app . I've been a user since beta and this by far is the worst Google I have seen.
New Update SUCKS To be honest Google, do you want people to use your products This was a good attempt at first, but now with these updates you completely ruined Google. I cannot change my name, I cannot find my account on other devices, I cannot change ANY of my details other than a short tagine and viewed communities, and you COMPLETELY destroyed the design, which was great at first, but now completely confusing. Google, please change it back, this is not funny.
Welcome to 2010 G app and the new bottom tab bar.  The thing I hate most about the bottom bar that never goes away obscuring content. Also some of the navigation between the drawer and the tab bar is inconsistent.  The responsive web version for mobile is much better since it doesn't have a permanent black bar and instead has the navigation consistently in the drawer where I would look for it anyway.
Random people adding to circles I should be able to accept if I want to be added to people's circle. I don't want a bunch of random strangers just adding because.
Hate it the new update sucks in the previous update i did'nt need to login or have an account to view other people or other fan accounts but now i can't do it. it's terribly hard to find people and the layout is super sucky and cofusing i don't want to make an account as i'm not allowed soo please please please bring the previous update back.
I absolutely HATE the new update. The old version of Google was SO MUCH better than the new one. Please change it back I beg of you
