Big problem Audio sounds like static, words for properties during gameplay don't exist , and as soon as you land on a property the game closes down... Tried several times . Please fix or refund.
Ok I would really love it if u could keep playing once a al goes bankrupt. U can be killing people but then a player with no money lands on another AL property and they win even though u have more monopolys..
Give me the real game. I just want to play the original monopoly game on my nexus 10. I used to have regular monopoly on an old Palm device several years ago but apparently it is too difficult to create it now  The visuals on this game are nice,  but why does it have to end when one player reaches,  at most,  2M Just let the game play out like the original until only one player is left. Also,  would it be possible to have online multiplayer
Update FAILS I loved this game, played it multiple times a day. I did an update, now it says there is no version for my device. Wtf Not to mention it requires you to be online now. Life sucks enough Then you take peoples entertainment away.  Thanks for nothing  Glad I waited to rate. A few days ago... 6 stars. Now... 12 star.
Doesn't work I have an HTC one m8 and whenever I roll the dice and land on a property it automatically shuts down. Fix this game
Keeps crashing I keep trying to pay but everyone I roll the dice and land on something it kicks me off and tells unfortunately monopoly millionaire has stopped. I am using the HTC One M8 which is one of the most advanced phones on the market. Please fix this problem or refund my money. Thank u.
Meh Lame because its not real monopoly. It is cheap, so I guess that makes up for it. Play until bankruptcy would be the best. Also players don't get eliminated once the loose the player with the most money wins. Stupid, the game should go on until everyone is bankrupt or reach limit
Fun but there are a few things I don't like that you can lose even if you own like a bunch of hoteles. Like one time I had 3 sets of properties and one of the other computers bankrupted on someone else rent and I lost...... even tho I had like 2000 and the guy who one had 300.... It should be un till everyone bankrupts and also raise the amount of money please you can win by. 2m is not enough
Not enough variables Fun enough to begin with but very annoyed now. Monopoly should be longer than this. More variables of game play are needed when setting up the game. Also hate the fact that in 4 player you win when the first person goes out, should carry on to last man standing. Free versions of monopoly offer more game play than this.
Game is Bull Sh. The game is complete garbage and waste of money. Can't play the computer because it always passes your properties and lands on unowned or chances always gets doubles. Needs to be more friendly when playing computer.  To bad you can't give negative starts
It was a fun game and all, but i beleive their is a bit of rigging going on. I was playing against the AI, and everything is going smoothly, until I owned three properties I owned a full set. Then everytime, and i mean a good 30 times it would come close to the set, it would get the right number so that it would land on the chance in between the set just passed or just before the set.
Awful Game Basically if you don't go first and you always go last the other players get ALL the fortune cards and ALL the properties. Where's the return option on this app...
It takes me 2min to beat the game and on hard impossible to play Please update playing to 2 k is to quick at least make it to 20 k or something  oh yeah  feeling like a waste of a buck I should have went to Wendy's  no updates  in awhile come on y'all for real LAST UPDATED 2014 JAN13
Very disappointed. Take the regular Monopoly game, add two zeros to the end of the figures and you pretty well have this game.  It doesn't last any longer,  it just uses larger dollar amounts.   Whoever authorized ripping off the customers like this should be fired.
Worst pay to play game Paid money for the game and every time I roll the dice and move the game exits. I open it again and its the computers turn it rolls and moves then game exits again. This needs to be fixed now or I want a refund for this game.
Closes Started a game. After first roll, it automatically closes the game. Went back in, after next roll, did it again.
Sound and more sound has so much static and game shuts down So much potential HTC One m9
Constantly crashing Every time it lands on a spot, I click on something, or even just look at the freaking board wrong the game just closes It doesn't give me a crash report or say anything is wrong it just closes and resets I'm already tired of it and demand a refund I should have known better then to trust EA...
Monopoly millionaire Not like the original board, really frustrated. Going to get original game now.
Monopoly millionaire The game crashes after every move This game sucks especially since it costs money to download, you get what you pay for. In most cases anyway
