Do not waste your time... Controls are awful, trying to do the simplest of tasks feels like your character has two sets of mittens on. Unintuitive hud and menus leave the player struggling through trial and error to perform the simplest of tasks.  I wish i could get a refund but know that the devs probably need every spare dime.
Needs work Please fix the visual problems. Portions of my screen aren't visible because another part of the menu is blocking it. The buttons for your inventory are under the image not on it. Needs work. Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7
An ok buy, but bland It's good for a quick game. However, it quickly becomes bland, and even tedious. Most objects only go up to stacks of 8. If it's not that, it's 16. It's terrible, as after awhile, all you see when cave diving, is your inventory screen.  I had to put it down because of that. I recommend allowing stacks to go up to 64, if not 32 at least
Problems I mined every thing on the island and I can't find iron or copper or a cave.         Edit I saved the world I was on and later when I got back on it wasn't there.     Edit major dupe problem. Edit to Noha there is no ladder or rope resapie because u need to find the drop to enter the cave.
D Verarsche als es neu rausgekommen ist hab ich es mir direkt geholt dann kamen 2 Updates und dann niewieder... das letzte update war jetz for 6 MONATEN . Ihr spinnt doch
Cant play When I try to use the interact button on something it doesnt work, if it worked I would of loved the game
Mixed feelings Gameplay is good and enjoyable. Shadow casting from light sources is quite annoying. I understand the concept but it really ruins game altogether.
Unfinished game You can go through everything you can do in this game in a couple of hours. There is only two types of monsters in the entire game, and they kinda suck. This feels more like a trial for the actual game. All the low ratings are because of the lack of content. The graphics of this game allows u to add waaay more cotent, wayyy faster
If the shadows were to be adjusted to where you need to have a million torches to still be in the dark I'd rate higher.
