It's OK Need more info.. you can log your score but it has no stats. Will give better rating when stats etc. becomes available.
Limited info. More info available when connected on internet. Can be a good app but need to give more info
Bombs out for full round scoring Always bombs out when scoring a full round. Lose all my scores. Could be such an awesome app but lots of work needed. Better to just go on your mobile browser and do everything there.
Misleading Says you supposed to buy but no pay option
Premium users only Can't login
Not good Why do I  need a premium subscription if it is free on ios
Can't log in. Useless
Can't sign in
Can't login
Lemonade
Shocking Always crashes when I try to enter scores, never makes it through one round to enter scores hole by hole, report the crashes every time but the developer fixes nothing.
Terrible app I do not see why this should be a subscribed app where the SAGA Golf app is presented free of charge to capture your score on the apple store. I'm switching back. 
Useless Why does it work on ios but not on android as a free app. Please fix this ASAP.
Useless Not allowing me to log in. Doesn't give me the option to go premium and is free on ios.
U need to get your shit  together I doesn't let me login unless I subscribe to a fucking free app
Most ridiculous app ever Won't let me login and no link button instruction on how to upgrade.
Useless Why is SAGA for free and I have to pay for this app Why does it say for free when i can'nt even lock in for free
HNA premium What a pain The main purpose of this app should be to enter scores. But that never works  the app always crashes. And although I have repeatedly reported the error nobody seems to do anything to fix it. Have to resort to the web interface so what is this app for
Pay App On Apple it's free  deleting it now from my samsung
max why to pay if we  are a member 
Free for ios but android must pay
Dana Pointless if you can't log in.
Crappest app ever If there was an option for 0 stars, this would have it. It should also be free...
Should be free...feeling disappointed Should be free...feeling disappointed
This should be open to anyone like on iphone
DON'T DO IT
Still too buggy This should be an app which you can easily enter your score. Instead it crashes if you have no open rounds. The stats option would be a nice to have but fix the rest first
Useless Why pay for something that is free on web site
Disappointing No free trial period, but based on description....charging for basic score submission, unlike iPhone App Plus advertising and already paid standard annual HNA fees, now pay up for App too Rather just use free website UNINSTALL
NOT FREE Why pay for such a simple app Basic info, no special features. All the stats it return has to be entered first. iphone users get it free. You can do it yourself on excel. Only real feature is to enter your score.
Need premium membership You need premium membership to use the app, that will cost R149 a year. Pathetic
Pathetic money grabbing app Requires a R149 annual membership to use the app.  That even after paying annual handicap network card fees. Pathetic, shove the app...
