BORING GAME There are no adds which is ok but its so boring i think they could go over the game and make more interesting because all you do is fetch out and grab a stuff toy and stuff like that if it wasn't like this i would keep the game but it's not worth a penny you can play but i don't like it it's a waste of time
Extremely disappointed The game does not work properly at all. All it does is constantly cycle through the menu and ads, even if you are quick enough to press play you have about 10 seconds to play before the application freaks out and starts cycling between the main menu, ads and the loading screen Total waste of space on my phone. Whoever programed this needs to have their skills seriously questioned
Let's talk...... 1.....Where is the download for Prize Claw 2   Maybe I'm overlooking it.   2.....This game has gotten repetitious, the same thing over and over and over again. 3.....It was a way to waste a few minutes.   .  It would be nice to have other prizes, machines and puzzles added to it.
I have lost several hundred grabs, then went though all the survey and emails to get more and never got them Then I put in a complaint and they say my email isn't right Just so they don't have to deal with it The game is a joke and a waste of time
Does not work 90 of the time. It keeps restarting and will not allow me to play.. waste of time downloading
Not working Been playing awhile now and left game for a day so my grabs would regenerate get bk on and no grabs at all, game is shite now might aswell delete all versions
Ripped off  I have been playing PRIZE CLAW for the past 6 years. I have been so close to complete the game. About 4 months ago, I made a purchase  BIRCHBOX. I have received 2 shipments. I also was to get 1000 or so grabs, at 1st every thing was perfect. 6 days ago I played p.c. I found out I only had the normal 26 grabs. Please try to help me cuz that was the main reason for getting BIRCHBOX. I LOVE the BIRCHBOX part. But, am very upset about the grabs. If you can help, I will brag about this
Loved It At First When I click on the pop up adverts it takes away all my grabs 2060 at a time
Free grabs is aa fooling business Have never got free grabs in spite or winning or completing the tasks
Prize claw crap Won't let me get past a certain level and I am about to UNINSTALL
Used to be better This is a mighty fine time waster.  I used to always play it on a pervious phone some years ago.  But then, coins could be used to purchase grabs.  What in the world are the point of coins now  I have a boatload of them but no use.  From looking at previous ratings and comments, I can expect the developers to not answer this question for me.  Great.
Unhappy Everytime i get to level 41 it goes back to level 1. Please rectify. Otherwise its a good game. Please sort this out as this is the third time it has happened. If it is not rectified i will delete
It keeps dropping the price and then your out of grabs by the time you actually get one to hold on to..
because when my grabs are full...i'm going back at level 41.. even i'm already at level 43... when I play i see it's level 41 again .so i'm just wasting grabs and coins for nothing 
Doesn't regenerate grabs Funny game to waste time to buy doesn't regenerate grabs when offline. 5 stars if this gets fixed
