Fix the errors I've reported and I'll give it a five star rating I haven't heard back from you about this NOAA Radio app. The info that it gives for Bismarck, ND is totally wrong. I see from your website that others also paid for the app and are asking what's wrong with it but you never answer them either I'm contacting Google to request a refund.
No stations available for Northeast Florida  Absurd. Plus, the nearest station listed in N. GA doesn't work.  What a waste. Waste of time and money.
Save your money should have read the reviews before I wasted my dollar hardly any stations on this.
Can't get stations No station for northern Michigan. Closest station won't load.
Won't load any stations
St Louis Not working
Very displeased there is no area even close to me, that's something you should advertise, most weather radios use s.a.m.e. codes and work EVERYWHERE, refund please
No station The closest station to me is a 2 12 hour drive from where I live. Wish I could have done a search before paying for this. What a waste of money. I live right by the capital of my state too. Why do they not have a station
Suxs I live near new orleans the biggest city in Louisiana. Would think it would be available but it's not. One city available for LA. Don't waste your money. Please refund my dollar ASAP.
Stops Playing 2 seconds on 2 of my Android Devices ,it cuts out .. Works well on Apple device .... Please FixThanks
no town or city within even 150 miles of my town, useless for me. If you do not live near a big city, DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS APP I want my money back ASAP
don't waste your money Closest feed is 4 county's away and the ones they do have seem to never work when you need them
Doesn't work. Tried to use it three times no sucess. Don't waste your .99 cents
Junk I agree with everyone else's comments. This app is garbage Don't waste your time 10,000 downloads or 10,000 people most likely bamboozled out of a dollar I will pay the publishers another dollar to kindly remove their app trap.
Was a Nice app Doesn't work anymore it won't even load the location map just gives error message
Didn't work for me. Very limited. I'm in the Seattle market and the recording was clearly from an earlier date and kept playing.   I let the developers know and they responded quickly but never corrected it.  If you are used to marine NOAA broadcasts you'll hear a small portion.
Waste of time and money The city selection is the worst I have ever seen.  They do not even have Atlanta No cities within even 100 miles of me
Can't Load Little Rock Arkansas Bought this app over 2 weeks ago. I couldn't get Little Rock, Arkansas to load up. Contacted the developer, and got a reply they are having trouble with the Little Rock site. 2 weeks later, still can't load it.
DONT WORK Won't play Mt Holly NJ NWS
DO NOT GET THIS APP I got this app a couple of weeks ago and it has never worked I contacted the makers and they replied once but that is it. It still does not work Very disappointed Do not get this app
I was fooled Didn't read disclaimer at bottom. I think it might be illegal to actually use NOAA in your app name if not affiliated at all.  I emailed you first...no reply...uninstalled, station won't load. 0.99 is my price for not reading fully
No Atlanta How does this app not cover the largest city in the south east
Worthless Give a dollar to charity  don't waste it on this  doesn't work.
Waste of .99 cents. This app doesn't even work it NEVER gets past the buffering stage
