Unable to sync files. I have iTunes on my apple, and all of my music is on a network drive however, it is not in the cloud, it is another local computer. It will not sync any of these files and claims it can't find the file, but they play fine in iTunes. Uninstalling and refunding.
Worked for a while then stopped I had no issue with app for several months but lately am unable to sync music etc. To my phone because I the desktop application continually quits unexpectedly and similarly when I try to sync over wifi I get the Error 13 message. Troubleshooting tips from their website are completely useless like ensue you wifi connection is strong. Ended up un installing.
Doesn't work properly for me. This app did not do what it's supposed to do. Contacted support and asked for refund. Not forthcoming. Avoid.
Please come up with better system It keep saying that my android is not ready and need to be restart or need to be sit till it's ready to sync. Done all that and still fail. My android is Samsung Galaxy S5. Tried the wifi sync but still the same. You people need to fix it, other wise drop dead. Oh and by the way I paid for the app. Such a disappointment...... Oh and please don't tell me to email you. Cause I think this review is enough.
Does not work with latest iTunes Would have given this 5 stars but it doesn't work with the latest version of iTunes. Anyone have any advice
I was not aware when I purchased this on my phone that I would also have to pay to 40 to be able to put my songs on my phone.  I'd like a refund..
Quit on me I've had this for years, and it has worked previously. I can't get it to sync. It will sit there and and be Working... for an hour or more with   no results. I need to find another product.
Worked once. Then never updates music.. Thought it was gonna work great.. Added music one time , been trying to update for days. Just spools forever... As I stay away from all Apple products except iTunes...  Waste of money. Emailed and never received any support back..  Find a different app for your music library...
Syncing doesnt work When i sync with itunes it goes through syncing and then once it's finished nothing is copied over. Tried deleting all isyncr files and reinstall and still the same.. use to work flawlessly, but not anymore....
Playlist problems I loved this app until I realized it was deleting my playlists. There's a long arduous process online to fix this that involves clearing caches or some nonsense but then the next time I sync it they're all gone again. No permanent solution that I've found
Doesn't work with windows 10 desktop The app was good but since I've updated  my laptop to windows 10 the software won't install on the laptop. 
Great app Im having trouble download the app on my pc i have a lenovo yoga 2 on windows 10, ive followed all the instructions and can see the app but it wont open just keeps telling me its running in the system tray need your help i see you guys respond to a lot of the comments so hopefully mine also
