Banned I was having so much fun with this game till one day I was just outright banned for no reason. And your customer service doesn't work to well so that's why you're getting that one star
Still broken I was excited to play this update, maybe bugs are now fixed. I played this game, but it is not yet fixed, the webswing, and tilt control. All except the spidey tier. Pls.... Fix this game... I am really fan of spidey
I was wondering if its ok But I open the game It says unfortunately spider man unlimited has been stopped pls fixed this  if not i will rate you 0 stars ok pls fix
Cant get past choosing name Played a lot and had a lot of different spideys but now it tells me to choose a name and it never moves past when I hit accept button. Tried to reinstall but no change has gone thru at least 2 updates and no change probably will just uninstall soon if it doesnt get fixed.
I loved this game so much until I suddenly got banned. It says temporarily but not for how long, and all in all customer service is very poorly described and you have a hard time finding answers
Web swinging delay killed the fun The previous update was running perfectly but then i recently update ti this version, the swing started to have a delayed reaction. Please fix this because i love this game and i want to continue playing it
I HATED IT I dont like it beacause the spidey tier r didn't show correctly I got minus 1 its supposed to be 30.1 but it shows 30.0 showpls fix it and one more thing is the precision combos didn't show correctly I already get 186 precision combos but it shows 70 thats cruel so pls fix it
Needs another update Its not that cool on unlimited mode needs more action . and when you finish an event you should be able to get your prize.
You don't give customer support The customer support really sucks on this game, my bf can't play because of a problem with multiple devices since the past year, and no one help him, please do your job people.
What the hell I have 31 iso8. Then, i play on issue 3 with classic electro it will get 5 iso8. So i will have 36. Then, i play to collect 6 chip on that issue will get 2 iso8. And i will get 38. Then the game i win is finish. My iso8 is 32. WTF YOU I want to keep it how could you Ugh
Awesome but needs an urgent action The best running and swinging packed with action and excitement. PLEASE add CONFIRMATION BUTTON before Ranking up a Spidey using ISO8. I just lost 200 ISO8s repeat, TWO HUNDRED ISO8s accidently for ranking up a spidey which was never needed. Spideys on OPS went back to level on return and all vials lost. Game lags a lot and has become more buggy.
Buggiest game on the market Hands down the buggiest game I've played. It's a pretty fun game, but it's a hot mess. Events lock out. Their own market only works half the time. Invisible obstacles pop up. Controls lock up.
Fun Game, not cleaned up As an actual review for this game, I would say this game is bad. There are some positives like how they get on depth with the marvel universe and how the story is good, but the negative overwhelm the positive. There are too many glitches like pods spawning in all 3 lanes, unstoppable enemies, and invisible walls. Half the time I can't access the events menu because I have to wait for it to open HALF AN HOUR LATER It's good, but Gameloft will not clean up their game.
Addictive But the LAG is just horrible and the random portals are rigged. It's a shame because the game is a blast but Gameloft is either run by crooks or idiots. Oh and apparently gameloft can't handle updates of any kind. Lag is worse now. It speeds up after lag now to compensate the timing. Awsome
Bugs..it won't allow me to do stuff In the update it keeps saying I didn't log in a certain day and I've logged on it all of that week. Then, when I want to recruit regular spidermen it stops showing me that option. This used to be my favorite game but now its messed up and even my Android is sensing some sort of bug or virus. It keeps alerting me.
Worst update What the hell. ...  all my 600k vials r gone....so much lag...can't glide properly...very slow....getting hit fast...worstttttt update.....plus all my spideys are gone including 2 titans..fix it gameloft now
Update fixed nothing The bug still remains. Weird scaling of resolution on some areas. Swing time still isn't spot on. I'm on Web warrior tier but it always levels up from rookie tier. What did you fix exactly Added new spideys. Is that it Numerous complaints on this subject has been posted since last update. Where's your response
No response during wall climb After the latest update,8 out of 10 times my spidey doesnt response during wall climb and eventually die......another problem is all i get from unlimited ranking is 0 vials...........plz fix it gyz.....this is frustrating ..
Love the game I really do, but it's starting to get really annoying with all these bugs.  First my events list constantly is locked out for no reason.  Second my daily log in counter keeps getting reset for no reason, and at the most random of times.  Third the tilt control constantly screws up.  After reading other comments clearly these problems are not exclusive to myself.
