Please fix I've updated the app and lost my previous saved game, I had Gypsy Danger and Striker Eureka.... now I have nothing and have to start all over again.
Used to be a great game but now when I open the app it just closes out. Please fix this.
Unhappy The game was good to start off  with then tried to play it  again all i get is a black screen no sound nothing please fix
I want my money back We purchase games to play it without ads. Why would i pay to play with in game ads Not to mention the glitches and poor graphics. Atrocious. I seriously want my money back.
Tried installing it twice, still won't run, just keeps returning to home launcher on my Samsung Galaxy.
What hope is key Will exit and can't get a refund please fix 
Ads in a paid game Gj
Misson 14 is impossible I don't even get to punch onibaba one bit and please REMOVE BLOCK attack from the kaiju then I can finish this Misson 
Edwin L. Smith The game is great, but the support SUCKS. AFTER PROBLEMS WITH 3 REAL STEEL GAMES BEING LOST THAT WERE COMPLETE AND NOT RESTORED AFTER AN ANDROID UPDATE.  NOW THIS IS THE SAME THING. DO NOT PAY THESE GAMES ,, REAL STEEL, OR PACIFIC RIM.
Details are wrong Otachi is the one that spits acid not raigu. Try to make all the weapons specs more realistic from the movie. I dislike that the sword compartment for gypsy danger is so giant and the plasma cannon is on the inside of the forearm. Add another arm on Crimson typhoon. He is not supposed to have two arms. Also don't make all the jeagers cost so much. It takes forever to reach the amount of money needed to purchase a jester that is required to complete a mission
Boring, repetitive, mindless ...and not even in a good way. Swipe, swipe, swipe, without even looking at the screen. Yawn Unskippable alwaysthesame midbattle and intro sequences get really old really fast. Not faithful to the source material either Crimson Typhoon has 3 arms, not 2.
Blurry, bad, ads. I bought this awhile ago but waited to play until after seeing the movie. This game is garbage, avoid at all costs. A quick cash in, it is filled with unavoidable video advertising and blurry textures, on top of an uninspired infinity blade clone. Do not purchase this garbage.
Good game but The button mission including the history got error, it brought to to another mission, nothing like it stated in the details.               the special move button, after desperately clicking to reach 200, the move failed to react, both just standing there, only way is to quit, very annoying when you are a out to win
This game is a waste of money This game has bad graphics, the controls are terrible, and its NOT worth the dollar you pay for it. It's mindless, and now I can't even have a refund. The movie was good but now I don't even want to think of anything related to this monstrosity. Do NOT buy this evil price of software
So so Disappointed with typhoon two arms only... very repetitive but nice.. but also very low funding not nice. But not worth wat I paid for the game.
Downloaded this app a few months ago and couldn't get past the loading screen got a refund than decided to give it another shot now it says there's an error downloading and now  the refund button is nowhere to be found
