Crash issue App used to work,  now constantly crashes.  needs to be fixed.                   Update 131015 unable to read any alerts issued. App is either stuck in a constant loading cycle or crashes. Waste of money.  Refunds should be issued. Update 2910, they have updated the app but still crashes. Real unhappy
5 Nov 15 This app still has issues crashing. Would probably be useful if it didn't crash with every second button selection. Don't waste your money. Higgins is blaming the issues on Android and Sony and have no interest in fixing it or keeping the customer happy.
Disappointed What is the point of paying for the app when the push notifications don't work There is more info available freely on the Facebook feed than you get from the app. Rather disappointed as it came highly recommended by an apple user. Have tried reinstalling but can't see any of today's warnings on the app at all. So much for being prepared for storm season
Nope...hsc app not great Keeps crashing, can't even open it.
Was 5 star but now crashes need a refund Crashing but great when works
Constantly crashes,  unable to access any part of app.
Higgins Keeps crashing. Not happy. Just uninstalled it.
Don't waste your money
Constantly crashes, waste of time downloading
Used to be good App used to be good when they had all info on there. Now it just takes you to bom site or to their site trying to get you to pay  24.95 a year for the good forecasts and info etc. I thought when i paid for this expensive app that i was getting access to all the info but alas not anymore
Waste of money just crashes.  Fix it or refund every one. Will report if not fixed to the acc  don't charge for something that doesn't work
Waste of money. It's an ad, not an app Would rather get the same in for directly from the horse's mouth, i.e. BoM. They have a decent app now, as does Weatherzone. App is now inoperable. Uninstalling. Stuff 'em
Continually crashes Great information if you can keep it running long enough to read it,  very frustrating  Now deleting.
Keeps crashing It worked for a few months now it crashes as soon as I open the app....I really loved the app and the effort you put into it but I  paid money for this app, which I rarely do, worked great for the first few months. Now all I get are notifications  and when I try to read them the app crashes. Please fix this or give me my money back.
Keeps crashing Had high hopes for this app but it just keeps crashing.
Crashes For an app that cost 5 it doesn't work very well. The updates are useful, but hardly worth the cost.
