I have to pay again for pack I bought the engagement pack today, then uninstalled the app because it was showing the error sign and I thought that would fix it, but when I reinstalled it is telling me I have to buy the pack again. I'm not going to waste my money again, when it should have stayed with my acckount even after deletion. Fix it please
Just. . . No If I highlight and click the unfollow button, it does nothing. I'm still following those people. Then the people who like my pics are listed as ghost followers which they clearly are not. The only reason I didn't give it 1 star is because you can still see who's not following back.
Doesn't work. I get like 4k ghost followers, and some are my friends, who like everything I post, so they clearly are not ghosts. And that's if I can actually get it to load, I wish I could get my 99 cents back cause this app is GARBAGE.
Buggy Doesn't let you unfollow people. Doesn't properly calculate the purchases. The purchases should be another tab, not an option. And be able to switch between them. I actually am going to look into a refund.
Please help. Before i changed my phone i purchased every option. And after changing it, everything disappeared. If you fix that i will rate 5 stars. Thank you
Worked for a minute. Basically worked for three days then I get the error pop up when I click on the app. This was after buying the in app purchases. It's basically useless now and after reading reviews that go back months I hardly doubt it'll be resolved. Don't waste your money.
Great except it stopped working It was working great. My favorite tool of its kind and I've tried many. Now all I get is unfortunately followers  has stopped working every time I try to use it. I assume it's a bug with the latest update. Using Nexus 5, will change to 5 star after bug fix.
Crap I used to love this app. Itbworkes perfectly. Now whenever I notice someone unfollows me i can't look who it is because all it says is error. Please fix and ill give 5 stars
Hate Won't even load I have a Samsung s6 edge and once it finally loads when I open it it closed out right after not even making it so I can open the page ridiculous had foe years on my iPhone and worked perfectly .
Not allowing me to do anything It worked for a second.... Then stopped It's not allowing me to follow or unfollow.  Fix it and I will give 5 stars
Not working I've noticed that I'm losing followers but the app doesn't tells me who unfollowed me
Kind of frustrating I loved being able to finally see whos unfollowing me. I usually get a new follower everyday, and an unfollower almost everyday. Its shocking to see how shady people and friends are But now when I click on Followers Lost' it doesnt tell me, even tho I can see for myself that I lost one. I memorize my  of followers It worked for 2 weeks exactly but its not showing me who unfollowed now. I will uninstall if it isnt fixed, cuz its just a waste of space
Doesn't work It keeps telling me my account doesn't exist. But it seems just fine on my sisters iPhone and I have an android you need to fix this or you'll lose a lot of android people
Wtf , it wont let me log into it , it keeps saying incorrect user name or password , please fix asap
The basic app works great but I bought an add on and now it wont let me unfollow anyone from the app. I have to hunt them down on instagram to do it. Which wouldnt normally bug me but i paid for extra feature and now the basic doesnt work. Fix it.
showing error i cant even use the app anymore. even after the update, it still shows error. please fix
Error. I like this app over other follower apps, but I will delete if the error is not fixed soon. It's extremely annoying not being able to check anything for weeks because an error pops up every single day. Fix that, and stop charging people for insights that should be part of the app
This app is garbage.  Doesn't letting me log in. I've uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times. I've changed my Instagram password and still your username doesn't exist, so apparently when they say they fixed the glitches, well, their lying. Extremely frustrating.
Error Just coming up with 'error' at top of screen... annoying Used to work well Haven't been able to see anything in 3 weeks
Ever since the 'Error' issue, I have not been able to sign in at all. It keeps telling me my username doesn't exist when I know it does, and I've uninstalled and reinstalled this app multiple times already. I've also changed my password several times just to see if that was the problem, but apparently not. I really loved this app before but now it's extremely frustrating I, so badly, want to be able to use this app again.
Won't even let me login every time  I try it tells me it's unable  to login
Fix it I dont knw whts wrong wid this app. Whenever i m trying to log in it always shows web page not found why I m having a fast internet connection and i do reload the page many a times. If u could surtout this problem i would give it 5 star rating..
Worked for like a second then it stopped. Doesn't let me follow or unfollow anyone.  Fix it and I will rate 5 stars 
I can log in but... When I want to unfollow users who did not follow me back, I have to wait for about 60 seconds than I can unfollow them all. Why it's so late to unfollow one user So weird Lol
NOT HAPPY I keep getting an error despite updating this, no response from tappple, plus you charge us for the 'insights' that the app should include Not happy
Would not let me sign in. This is very difficult even though I know everything I typed in is correct. Don't waste your time downloading, very unreliable
Ugghhh Whenever I try to unfollow people, it won't let me. I click on the people that I want to unfollow, cluck unfolllow,  it doesn't even unfollow them Please fix this  I will rate gve a better rating.
