What the hell I'm not able to register my phone number itself. The old version didn't have any problems of login. When I update the number field in the welcome screen and press the continue option, nothing works. I'm already  user in way 2 sms.
M not able to open it....plz help.. M using micromax A47...its nt letting me to move further...
New version is worst Hi ,    After update its hangs a lot of time and time become waste and should Make sending message unlimited and present message can send only 10 to 15 SMSDay and message should send to showing options received or loged calls or multiple contacts choice and message should send on DND no contacts then i can consider 5 star and No one relpying from developer team its disgusting . I think no is there O
Need to optimize... Unfortunately,it is going 2 stop,and i cant see my contacts in sometimes also....
It was not working properly.using this app causes to phone hanging problems.this new version having these problems.older version of this app had no problems
I hate this app One of the worst app. the new update is  worst so much hanging problem it does nt work properly
Can't display contacts in New version Waste of use if there are no contacts to be displayed. The new version couldn't display the contacts in the app but can find when logged in through browser. Please fix the bug ASAP....
Don't update guys This new version doesn't show suggestions and displays contacts  messages only when it feels so Old version is lot more better than this
Becomes waste after the update I had use the previous version but after some updates ,my messages are not recieved ..sometimes they got but not always..and also some people gets but not all to whom i send
Contacts list not shown and not update in mobile. In web version contacts automated update....Now problem resolved.
Does not synchronise with contact list of my mobile. Each time I open this app to send messages, I have to manually put the number. Number of times I tried to use this app but still it's not synchronised with my contact list in my mobile. Please do help me out so that I can rate this app to its worth.
The lastest version is worthless.......... For old version I would rate it higher if bulk messaging, adding and saving templates etc., features are available in the app. Otherwise I liked it. Thank you
I thought it would be better Can't even send more than 20 sms.....keeps saying your quota for today has ended....try tomorrow.....
Ads in the app are acceptable since they are giving away service that costs them money for free. However they also share your email addresses with third party clients. Which they use for advertising. Although there is a option to optout I am still receiving adverts. Do not use this if you value your privacy.
Old 1 was better Its too mch slower dan old version , After click on send button only showing sendin.... Sendin... ... Sab kuch zol he yr
I really like it.. I am using this app... it is used to sent free sms using by internet.. But connot register on it simply. It should be upgrading needed..
Hate it Can't able to see the contacts nor option of tying characters... Hate thia version... Previous one was better...update it to last one...
No blocking facility Its a handy app but it would be better if there is a blocking facility. There are some numbers I really want to block forever
New version is worst . . . really in older I hv my no registered but now its not login da same . . .
Problem with Latest Version Not supporting Contacts to choose mobile number and not supporting copy  paste option. Plz fix in next virsion.
