Ok but not amazing When i got my new corsa i was told about this app and that it a one off payment of 83p i thought owe sounds amazing then after my 30 day trial it comes up licence had ran out u need to purchase a pack the one with traffic and map updates is nearly  60 i think it said its terrible think lots of people will be miss sold this app as its one off of 83p and u have a built in sat nav was good while i had the trial but wont be using it again at all.
Crap Fuming that the only sat nav app I can use in my car is this utter garbage Again told it would cost 83p but find out after a month it's 60  why would anyone pay that when most apps are free
Waste of time Directions rubbish, map coverage rubbish,  updates rubbish, voice hideous  Poor use for mobile as uses mobile data  Rubbish in Vauxhall corsa disappointed.  Hated it
Not happy Paid for a brand new corsa think it would have sat nav, with bringgo. No mention on the app store that that after you pay the 89p they charge you 60 to continue using it for the year. Gutted.
Terrible Awful interface design, difficult to use. Unable to find an address in a city despite having put in the correct address as I would on Google maps.
Doesn't work all the time I find it an extremely hard task to get this app to connect to my car, after first install it worked perfectly. The next day it would not load on my car what so ever, all I got was an error stating application not installed or device not connected. After reinstall it worked normally again. I will not pay anything for something that does not work. AVOID THIS APP
Pretty awful. Poor interface, lack of full postcode search, rubbish routing decisions, out of date maps, shockingly expensive after the trial. Other than that, it will get you from A to B just. If it was 10 of the price, all of this would be excusable.
Rubbish, waste of money No full postcode search, can't get directions to town centers without knowing a road name, and can't find car parks. Very basic features that should be in any sat nav app, stick to google alphabet now maps, free and much better
Mis sold crap Purchased a new corsa and was told this was a one of quid payment then a month later asks for 75 quid to renew. Now have a corsa with no usable satnav
To expensive Only map app I can use in my car and it's way to expensive what a load of st
Di Absolutely useless
Meh Way to complicated compaired to my ancient navman.
Useless app
Waste of time 83p bought me 3 day trial  expected to last for a month Then I discover renewal fee only lasts for one year and not a oneoff fee For the few occasions I need sat nav i'm going to stick with Google maps on my phone. Shame this wasn't pointed out when I bought my beautiful new corsa 
No postcode App has no full postcode search useless without it
stevenhay39yahoo.co.uk disappointed in having to pay for this app after the 30 day trial period this should come free of charge when purchased with the a new vauxhall corsa paying 14k for a car without the sat navigation installed
Not happy Unable to get any speech direction when using sat navigation. Unwilling to pay for the full app after trial period unless I can be assured that this can be resolved.....no help from either bringo or garage on this issue...... Ridiculous when paying over 11k for a car without a functioning sat navigation system.....would not recommend this app
Worked fine but after only 3 months traffic not working even though  I subscribed for a year and paid 40 odd pounds ....
Poor, REALLY poor I just recently bought my new corsa about a week ago. Installed this. Had the issue with the 30day free trial, thats sorted now with the update. But what the point in having a SatNav when it cant even find one of the biggest venues in the UK, NEC Birmigham. Wont be using this in future.. and its a joke that you have to pay for something when the car is over 14k utter joke dont bother people   really really disapointed by this service...
Terrible This app takes up a lot of internal memory,  which would be understandable... if it worked The app took about 30 minutes to download and after all of that time it won't  even open Very disappointed,  particularly after paying for it...
Not Happy I have recently tried to use the app for a long journey but have received a message saying that the license has expired. On checking the in app purchase dates, the navigation lasted 30 days but the Traffic expired after 1 day  I was very disappointed to know that I am now expected to pay 4150 to update the license on something that is supposed to be installed on a 14K car. I have now downloaded a free navigation app and will use this on my phone via the USB port.
Does not work Bought yesterday tried to use it in my corsa, did not work. It keep saying it has expired and need to buy in app purchase. Waste of money. Please refund
Anthonymartinkingyahoo.co.uk Ap wont conect to my corsa but works on my phone
