Why its starting again from beginning I was the biggest fan of this game but the core issue of this game is that if you un install it or by mistake you clear the data of game then game starts from very first round and all ur powers and progress will be zero. That's not fair it should be same.
Not so good I lost a character. I bought her in the previous update but after updating the game, she not there
About coins Downloaded a app within the games and did everything it asked and did receive my coins Here it is 111915 still the same thing I have emailed them all u get is unintelligible the offer and re do it  done did that 3 or 4 times nothing.......PLEASE FIX BEFORE I UN INSTALL  .... Not Happy... WISH I COULD GIVE THIS ZERO STARS...
Daily challenge restart Everytime i get to day 3 of my daily challenge it restarts me back to the beginning. I love playing it everyday so that i can get to the super mystery boxes. Please fix this problem. I have lost a lot of coins due to this problem
no cloud saves I changed my device and lost all my characters and keys and coins everything please developers we need cloud saving it is very important if something goes wrong with our device we gonna lost everything add this and I will give 5 stars promise
Cheats long term, paying customers This game doesn't save your progress OR your purchases I bought the double coins feature because the app says BUY ONCE, KEEP FOREVER Turns out forever only applies to how long you have the same device. This is false advertising and a blatant ripoff of paying customers. I'd give this game five stars if they saved progress and HONORED PAST PURCHASES
Performance is very bad Doesn't run smoothly and screen hangs up on my Note 3 neo while other heavy games run perfect.
Lost everything I was playing for months and even put money on this game. Got a new phone and lost everything i am not happy at all i feel ripped off. Im hooked up threw my Facebook so why did i lose all my people surfboards money dubble coins everything is gone. Very sad.
