Used to work I've been getting FC all the time when I try to access the DEVICE menu for the last three updates.  Fix this then back to 55.  Galaxy S3. EDIT Down to one because this last release makes 7 releases with this issue unanswered.
No roads I don't have roads on map New story is good also beacon set for 4 hours is too short. Set this timer for 24 hours please.
I used to like it No support for Google Play Games system with the achievements in years but now added support for builtin game store...
Awesome but need more feather Its bore me to death. Spoofer alot. Because higher level 8 can do almost everything. If lack of idea, why not open up to public to propose.
Beautiful, brilliant game, but spoofers ruining it. Also, rather wary of the inapp purchases.
Cant play ingress keep telling me this email cannot use
It doesn't work since the update this morning No comms. It acts like I have been banned but I have no email saying I was banned. It glyph hacks but gives me items on some portals and none on others and no ap. Is this something I did
Doesn't work on marshmallow There's absolutely no way to disable mock locations even with developer options off.
Constantly crashes Since v1.83 it constantly crashes on several different devices. Way to go Google, I mean alphabet, I mean Niantic. Data usage also seems to have increased considerably in the last few updates. When it doesn't crash the server lag makes playing painful. I've walked out of the range of a portal before it shows up but can see the fields and links it has. This would be a very addiciting game if it were implemented better.
The gameplay is getting worse each day. Server lagging, alerts not working. Used to be a fun game. It's becoming a frustrating chore. And now introducing frequent crashes. And you can pay for it, too
End up been baned. 1st This game sucks up the phone battery and data plan. 2nd It have some issue with their own security which baned you from playing without any email inform and no reason.
Too many players GPS spoofing Developer does little to nothing to handle GPS spoofing by players even though it's technologically feasible. Furthermore, it does nothing to handle flagrant reports of GPS spoofing rather opting to ignore them. Fix this and it might deserve 4 stars.
Jam Would great if I could delete this app. My battery booster says this eats all my power and I don't even use it
