WTH What is going on we NEED AN UPDATE now and FAST Not able to see the latest stats              
Every week something goes wrong No stats again this week.  Thanks Yahoo fantasy for running smooth. 3rd year my last year on NFL
Crap all around crap The screen always gets distorted and it never updates. There are games going on with points but it says 00. Come on this should be the best app on the market
App makes me cringe every time I set my lineup. The app is buggy, poorly thought out and not functional. There is a lot of wasted space that makes layout not very useful. This app maybe passable if you have never used the Yahoo Fantasy app. But I have a league in both NFL and Yahoo and I will NOT be using NFL next year after this seasons experience.
HTC one M8 This app was fine last season now it's complete garbage. If I spend enough time on it it glitches and the tabs get all mangled  and displaced. And now I'm lucky if it doesn't freeze at the load screen. I certainly will not be bringing the league back to this site if the app isn't fixed by the end of the year.
Lost league Getting ready for GameDay and all of my info has disappeared. App says I have no team and belong to no leagues. I have one team in 4 leagues. Feels like a complete waste of time. All the effort is wasted and there is no one responsible for this crappie app.
Lots of glitches App text stops lining up with background, closed unexpectedly, game center doesn't always match team view stats, and at times the scores revert back a couple minutes. If the app worked as designed, it would get a solid four stars.
Tons of problems This used to be one of my favorite apps for fantasy football, not anymore. I've had problems getting the app to open it just keeps crashing on the login screen. I've also had problems with the scoring it fluctuates constantly. I won a game in one of my leagues than the score changed so instead I lost. Please fix
Needs updates bad Needs to be able to have offensive audibles since cpu does. Also needs to fix player speeds and on top of all that needs some sort of franchise mode or career instead of the boring season mode.
Keeps getting worse with updates.  Has a mind of its own, and randomly stops working.  Maybe if this whole NFL thing takes off and they make some money they'll be able to afford a decent app.
Love the function of the app but since the season started it crashes every time for me and everyone else in my league. Scores lag as well games are over and still shows 34 minutes of game left.
Doesn't login When ever I open the app it gives me the option of to either login or register when in fact I'm already registered and logged in. But to humor the app, I click login just in case i logged out, but all it does is flash and brings me right back to login or register.
Pretty bad overall Overall the design is better than the real website, which is saying something. When you view a player, it scrolls ALL THE WAY BACK UP so if you're targeting deep waiver wire picks, you better select whos info you want to read carefully and be prepared to scroll aimlessly for the next 3 minutes trying to find your place. Fantasy football inside info is a joke. Notifications are the only thing that works halfway decent on this.
Won't let me add players While in Genius, when I want to submit a poll for, let's say, What player should I start, when I tap on the Add Player portion my keyboard appears then quickly disappears. Help
Changes Too Much  Is Unreliable Is there anything less than one star It gets worse Every season this app changes and becomes less and less reliable. You need to relearn the interface every year. It has problems with the styles and it hangs. I'm disappointed. However if you're looking for the ads, they load without fail. The NFL needs to stop messing with this app and keep it the same. Some people have money on the line here This app needs to be reliable
Crashes Constantly Garbage app that crashes constantly. Wish my commissioner used a different ff provider. Updates weekly but no fix to crashes.
Glitches constantly I still use it to access my teams, but if I open it more than once a day the text becomes unreadable.  Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but it didn't help.  I have to keep force stopping it.  Why can't you guys fix this Very annoying.
Better than the mobile website More versatile tool than the site to manage your team on Android. However, the inability to change screen orientation is annoying as hell. I just started using a Nexus 6P and it defaults to landscape. So. Bad.
Mediocre when it works Coming from CBS Sports, this app is a huge step backwards. The ease of use and the amount of stats available are dismal. They're website isn't much better.
Use ESPN instead of this garbage This app blows. The scores are always behind compared to realtime. The app almost always will crash when you get out of it then try to reopen it. And it just feels clunky and unresponsive. If your thinking about staring a league go use the ESPN fantasy app, it's 100 better.
Years later, remains 1 star I wish our commissioner would go to yahoo or espn already. Your project manager, analysts, developers are trying too hard. Ever heard, If it ain't broke don't fix it Every update breaks the app more. You need to hire a business analyst that talks to end users and understands device viewports before moving forward with your next update.
Force close on Sunday During the week I can check my lineup, see the league, check my matchup, etc. When it comes to Sundays its a completely different story. I can't check my matchup or do anything else without the app crashing after 30 seconds to a minute. I've reported it nearly every time since the start of the season, but no fix has been applied. This is a horrible app. If I could give it 0 stars I would.
Buggy and boring, unintuitive UI App is buggy and boring. When I switch apps, this app gets distorted and I have to restart it. They can do a lot better with the ui. This app looks way dated compared to yahoo fantasy football app and others. In fact yahoo's looked better than this years ago. Add more features like trade comparison. Make getting around the app more intuitive. Weekly waiver wire articles are nice. Keep those.
Fire the team responsible for this app... Formatting glitches galore, it becomes unreadable and unusable. Exit, open it again. Repeat. It is thoroughly annoying. But I'm kind of forced to use it.
Worst fantasy app. Tablet version drives me insane It glitches and stutters when you are simply scrolling down through your lineup. And automatically switching to landscape view is absolutely idiotic. Why can't you switch to a normal view This app is barely usable. I hope my league never uses nfl fantasy again. The projections also make no sense. By far the worst fantasy app.
Horrendously bad app One star is too much Doesn't load properly. Fluctuating scores. Pending moves aren't even possible, which is completely out of the norm for fantasy football. Just a terrible app all around.
Glitches get stiches Man this app glitches and gets stuck sideways 4 out of 6 times i use it it was really good last year and now it just freezes like crazy
Glitchy App worked great for past seasons, but now the scrolling feature seems to glitch elements after a few minutes of use.
ADS ADS ADS ADS I get they need ads to make money but there are less intrusive ways. There are big banner ads on every screen. Kills the experience.
You ruined a good thing. HORRIBLE Update MINUS 1 star, Don't fix what's not broken.  Please revert the latest update.  It rendered the app annoying and thus useless.
