Do us a favor Pls you guys should stop  deducting out airtime without crediting our 2go account, is bad and thats called stealling
Go credits and verification Don't know, tried buying a go credit trice now,but didn't get any,same as verifying my account, deducted my fones credit didn't get a verification, wats wrong,pls fix this
Fraud alert Google playstore please help me ooo...2go has defrauded me 3 times. ...and kept on defrauding me.I paid for gocredits but my account wasn't credited with any go credits. 2go is now a thief, a cheat and a fraudster. Refund my money if u can't credit my account . Thief I am gonna sue u to court ....u fraudsters 2go refund my money.....I don't need ur useless gocredits again....Don't let me curse u oooo
Theft You administrator should stop deducting our airtime without crediting our 2go account with gocoins.....soon this app will burn down to ashes
Verify my account I have tried to verify my account several times but all to no avail. They just keep deducting my money and nothing is done, if I even try to buy go credit all I get is deduction in my account.
This is bad 2go, I just downloaded ur app n the same thing people are complaining about is what happened. I purchased 300 go credits, my money was deducted yet my account wasn't credited. Pls work on ur systems. Its so annoying
Lost its value 2go used to be a nice app... until 2go decided it was time to  start making money which is crap and also a scam I'd say  by adding the gocredit nonsense... for an app that's still in its developmental stages it's not an idea at all it's a pure and total flop for you guyz
Shit app The team doesn't respond to complain.... Doesn't give feedback when complain are submitted yet one ass will be kicking and banning people from entering the room for no just cause. Go credit fraud you purchase go credit and won't get credited, you complain about it and you won't get any feedback but your account get debited. You are banned unfairly, you complain about it and won't get a feedback as well. Hate this app so much.
Wtf Wtf is wrong with 2go.. Hate this app. decrease in gocredits amount  purchase worst they keep deducting my airtime without crediting my account with the gocredits I purchased. Thieves .Useless app. Stupid updates.    2go now mess. They don't care about the users all the care about is your money.  Upon series of complaint they don't bloody care to reply.  Trash. Fk developer. Mitcheew .
Very bad This is very bad, its getting more expensive, why should I pay for viewing profile Worst part is dat am not paying the person that I viewed hisher profile, I think I will stick to a cheaper social platform like Facebook or WhatsApp, dis is bad.
Unfair ban without reason Wake up you fking idiots at 2go 2go banned my account for no reason a week ago, I've been sending in mails all week asking for a reason as to why I was banned and you refuse to reply to me...... 2go is the one that should be closing down and not mxit, banning accounts for no reason and yet they let other users ran rampant through 2go violating rules and not banning them
DON'T DOWNLOAD.. IT'S A WASTE I have been asking for my password for over a month Deleting this app asap
plz help ...its Cannot connet.... i was using 2go with 3g network suddenly its showing error that  cannot connet. make sure that you have airtime or check conection.
THIEF You guys are now turning into a big thief, what is the meaning of all diz
Getting worst... Am using wifi all my apps working well my internet is good tats y all apps working only this 2go telling me check wifi connection shittt don't know how to fix it
Can't log in. It tells me I have network problem or no airtime, meanwhile I'm on other social networks that are working really well.
So iritate For a while im trying its not logging in ..the page is loading for along time what happened ..now only logged in certain period it has stopped no msg is going on. again the problem started
You guys keep stealing my airtime whenever I want to buy gocredit, you deduct my money without crediting me. Very bad.
No Group chat for android I will only return to 2go if They finally put Group chat.. My account is closed for now until I see group chat update for android.. This app has potentials to compete with Facebook.  You guys should improve
I hate it now. For fact I can't enter chat room. I have updated my profile more four times and it more deducting credit. Thanks am done with it.
Stop stealing peoples money and deliver services already paid for. For 3 consecutive times, I sent a message to 35350 for go credits worth of 100, but I received nothing. If this were a network issue, one out of the three would have been received. Do not buy go credits, they are stealing our money now.
GoCrdit I don't knw y this apps keep debiting my account without crediting my account after buying GoCredit ....this is really annoying .....ave loss more than 4 dollar...naria value
1 steps forward 2 steps backwards It sucks that the app crashes a lot and u don't even get any notifications when someone sends u a request and u are not in that room
It banned me without Any reason I filled my all details correct in it But I have banned from 2go . I send msg to unbanned me But there is no reply on my phone from it.  If I am banned for wrong thing than I will accept But I didn't do Anything wrong
Very bad I just downloaded the app to use for the first time and just as I anticipated, it appears to be a scam It asks me to enter pin but I used the forgot password button because I didn't know the password. I was charged twice for this. I received an sms with an alphanumeric password. Yet the 2go app only accepts numerical keys. All what I tried to factor in the password sent to me proved abortive
