Not good I have brought all the other games made by this company and loved them but this one is awful. Its just a hidden objects game and no real story line. Got to third level on game and then couldn't pick up one of items due to being too far up in the corner of the screen. Glad i brought it on sale as not worth full price. Have now uninstalled due to not been able to progress any more in the game.
Too simple Mainly ended up being a HOG. The few puzzle were far too simple and no interaction with characters.
Repetitive I usually enjoy your games but this felt like one hidden object game after another. Boring.
Can't pass a game I can't match an item in one of the Hidden games to its mate.  The viking horns are too large to drag to the helmet at the top on the screen.  I would have just skipped it but the game won't allow it.
Repetitive I have LOVED all the games I have played by these developers so far but this one was a pain to get through. You never really leave the office but get a simulation or jumpto the scene instead and it's just a puzzle. Extremely repetitive and boring.  Upset that I paid for this.
I paid for the game and I can't even open the doc to get tape out of fix please I just wasted money on this games won't do that again deleted
Not much to it Alright I like my hidden object games but this is silly, all u do is put things on a table then u hav to do hidden mystery games to find things that help the thing thats on the table, hope u understand that...
This game was so bad.  All HOG and boring.  It took about an hour to play. Don't waste your money.
Not my favorite I couldn't even finish the game I disliked it so much. A waste of my time and money.  I was looking forward to a game similar to the grim legends which were 2 wonderful games This on the other hand was very disapointing.
SamandNick The game was way to short and there really wasn't a challenge.
This game is really annoying as the challenges are put near the bottom of the map so that you cannot press the return arrow so you can no longer play the game
Would not fully open on my Dragon Touch X10. Always crashed, could never enter game. Paid for disappointment.
Story is Boring Boring. .
Screen is not responding to pick up what's in the box after putting the ballerina together.  I have restarted my phone 3 times and also reset the data and began all over again twice and it becomes unresponsive every single time at that point in the game. Please update and fix or refund me please. I have bought every game you have made and have never been disappointed until this. Thank you
Highly disappointed in this Artifex Mundi game. Paid for the full game since I usually love their games but this was no where near the level of many of their other games. 4.99 is too much money for this quickly put together game.
Not Saving Went back to play this after few days and it had to dwnld more addins and my progress wasn't saved.  REALLY REALLY ticks me off.
Not fun No interaction all hidden object no moving from different scenes and locations
Point'n'click fail Verrry linear, find this object, solve this puzzle, repeat... Sucks played for an hour, and although the story is good, I'm finished. The gameplay is repitive and dull. Find this, figure THIS out. Emphasis toward THIS but nothing to show for it but another random scene. Another fail along with the time machine game. A bummer since Grim is amazing. I will keep trying your games artifex. But I'm becoming more and more disappointed since the first GRIM don't get lazy on me.
