Needs to be fixed. I'll be in the middle of trying to submit and complete a job application and it will randomly crash. It gets annoying because when you hit the back button you have to restart everything all over again.
Horrible I signed up and applied for a job but wouldnt let me submit it. Then it says i have to sign in. Then password not correct so i hit password recovery. The password recovery email tells me to click on a link and it brings me to apply. So i apply again and cannot submit. Same exact thing again. Waste of time.
Empty The web site is better. It shows more. The app shows jobs all over the country but can only find pizza jobs in Indianapolis indiana.
It would be great, except that when I put in my zip code for North Carolina it's showing me jobs in Iowa and Wyoming. What am I going to do with a job in another state Using the browser version is waaaay better This app sucks
Hate it  A waste of time , complete Bullshit . it's almost impossible to get hired
Terrible I applied for a single job since almost every listing sucks, and got slammed with sales calls to start school.
Keeps giving me job offers in other states even after filtering and being logged in
Neeed serious bug fixes It wont even let me start my application
Needs much work Terrible app. Uninstalled.
Wtf I turn my location on and it still doesn't let me search for jobs it keeps asking me to turn my location on .
SnagaJob sucks. Never any updated jobs. The jobs listed are never hiring. Its a waste of time
I dont want to see jobs listed in other states or listed a while ago, I want to know who is looking to hire THIS week not LAST month. ..... you need to fix app so that people dont apply for jobs in the wrong state. You need to fix the app so that jobs ate updated more frequently. I log in every day and there are never any new jobs to apply at.
No longer lets me finish applications It's one of the most aggravating things. I'll fill out a good portion of an application, then all of a sudden the continue button no longer works. Which causes me to lose all that I've entered, since I end up having to just exit the app.
Nothing works on any of these kind of apps.. so frustrating how easy it once was to fill out a simple app. I've never had one application make it all the through without giving error and that goes for all phone apps and websites. Is there a conspiracy going on hehe.
The worst job app It didn't give my any new job updates it just had the same ones over and over again and it wasn't great at all very disappointed snag a job is better from the internet not the app 
