Random warnings No way to turn them off.  I get random severe weather alerts from places I visited months and months ago.  I'm in Georgia, and this app jolly well knows it.  Why am I getting a gale warning for Maine, for God's sake  I've even reinstalled the app.  Still happening.
The latest upgrade sucks With the latest upgrade comes random error messages about the app not responding, notifications every hour unless you turn off the follow me option which then means you have to manually look up the city you're in if traveling out of town and fewer mPoints opportunities. If you haven't upgraded yet, don't
Always wrong I have yet to see this app get anything but the current temp right.
Older versions were better This version is Still bloated, but it's cute and modern.  Future radar is MIA, and they still can't predict the weather.  If I wasn't addicted to mpoints I'd uninstall.  Options for past or future radar don't appear as promised.
You get a better rating if you quit asking us to rate every other time it comes up
Very bad You will update it 500 time a day when you update the weather,,it does not work for 20 to 30 minutes. and it loses all the information and says there is no data please update and  fix this problem here is very bad network in our village and i cannot update the weather every time . it is a very good app it shows me all the information about weather. it is able for 5 star rating but the problem is very serious for me.please update and fix.
Last update is lame I used to be able to pick my main location and now I can't. I live in the unincorporated part of the default city it picks for me which has costal weather while I live in a valley that is sometimes 10 degrees warmer or cooler, and gets more rain, and less fog. Please fix or I will need to change apps.
Location 30 miles away from me The location it keeps putting on my phone is 30 miles from me.  They've had tornados while we've had sun.  And I cannot change it so that it's not the primary weather.  Uninstalling
Still has problems After your update, the app doesn't show the correct temperature anymore. It shows the previous day. Please fix.  Also stop showing the same picture every day. Please either rotate the pictures or allow us users to do so.
Killed my battery This app completely drained my battery when I wasn't even using my phone.
Not much good,  keeps asking for my log in info in order to customize its features even thought the correct log in is entered,  it knows it but keeps asking for log in not much use overall
Some critical issues Must reduce ads, if emergency those ads take over all memory space and freezes the phone. Please Developers do something.
Unfortunately uninstalled I looooove this app and everything it had to offer Until I downloaded a new phone booster  cleaner and it was telling me a few times a day that weather channel is secretly using data
