New UI is a step backwards I don't like the new material design. The floating action button pencil icon is in the way.  I don't like it.  Give us an option to to back to the old interface under Look  Feel.
Missing Features Instead of new design I need features like watching activities of others on my account and play Vine and Instagram Videos.
All the Ads are Still Visible What's the point of plume premium purchase I CAN SEE ALL THE ADS I have been a paying plume premium customer a long time. The ads should not be bombarding my  account they used to be invisible since the new update all ads are seen.
Ever since the lollipop update... The app has problems to go online, some tweets are never shown and most updates get delayed
Good when it works Unfortunately it often doesn't. It will take forever to send tweets  the longest it took was over 30 hours  so if you tweet several in a row they'll sometimes post in the wrong order. I'm shopping around for a new app and kicking myself for actually paying for this one. It used to be good though.
Terrible Just paid for the ad free version of this and within a week it's not working at all. Not loading tweets, not posting tweets, keeps asking to set time zones etc. Absolute robbery that you all this as a product as it's completely useless. Don't waste your money
really frustrated to pay this price for what brand new android KitKat galaxy note 2 installed and this app is bugging ,frozing, jumping itself up and Down in the timeline, touch is irresponsive, app is constantly hanging and crashing..never been so much frustrated to find a tweetdeck alternative, that is not working in the end..even after paying for the pro version. angry user. various emails sent. no answer . disgusted
Awful battery life I've used plume for a couple of years and really enjoyed it, but battery performance recently has been shockingly bad. I recently installed another Twitter client and, despite not opened plume for a week, plume still accounted for gt70 battery use.
Never refreshes tweets My TL gets stuck regularly and won't refresh even wo the warning. Please fix.
Brown since Jan 2015. Bye bye Plume was one of the smoothest and most used apps of mine, I advised it to others as the client for twitter. Tweaking, shortcuts and lists support rocked. Since Ubermedia takeover quality dropped. Now it's stuck in a loading loop, feed simply blank. It simply doesn't work. Turns out twitter app improved a lot and has lists support. Bye bye plume 
Updates Latest updates have ruined the app, images never load, refresh either doesn't work at all or the timeline jumps back anywhere from a few hours to a few days, been like this for a month or 2 and two or three updates since it started haven't helped at all.
No Material design. Lacks polished user interface. Could take a few GUI design notes from the Reddit News app.
Tweets take a long time to post Not sure why, whenever I use a WiFi connection, the tweets take a long time to post. The timeline gets refreshed at the same time.
DO NOT buy for tablet Don't pay for this app if you plan on ever using it with a tablet. It doesn't save your position for a lot of tablet users, and a quick Google search will show that this has been a problem for a year now with no fix. Not saving your position makes this app about as useful as reading twitter in your web browser, that is to say it's completely useless.
Really slow feed update Devs, could you please answer why updating feed is such a slow process It takes around 1 minute and it's just no good. Running kitkat with ART.
Even more problems This app has gone from best in class to unusable.  I dropped my original rating from 5 to 3 based on the clumsy new UI,  but now need to go to 1 star. The time line will randomly jump a few hours back and scrolling  which used to be smooth  is now jerky. This is a real shame.
From Excellent to Bad I am so annoyed. I've been using Plume for some time now, and been happy with this app. Lately, I've had problems where my tweets aren't being published, even though I had very strong Internet connection. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, and frankly, I am so tired of this. It's time for me to ditch Plume. What a shame.
Annoying bug Hi team. Could you please fix very annoying bug been there for years. When I pull for the new tweets in the timeline sometimes I got kicked back in time as far as couple of days. I couldn't find the way to jump to the new tweets, thus have to scroll through several days to get back to the top. The more I pull, the farther in time I am in the timeline. The other thing is that refresh on the favorites doesn't really refresh them. Besides these two issues it's a great client.
UI turned ugly It started popping up a message asking me to verify my device's date and time. I couldn't find a way to verify then so I tried updating hoping it would fix it. Instead the post a tweet button moved from a simple nonobtrusive button at the top to a large, ugly, annoying, bright blue circle with a pencil in it that floats on top of the tweets I'm trying to read. And to add insult to injury the message is still popping up, but now it's the same eye searing shade of bright blue
Disappointing I installed this as it was recommended as the closest android app to Tweetbot on iOS. But it's nothing like it and very cumbersome.
