Think my app is drunk Yesterday during live play the games kept reverting back to 22nd minute it was the 89th ... today it's reverting back to yesterday's game... and presumably this is why my live notifications on favourited games aren't working What's happened It used to work faultlessly.
This app used to be great but lately isn't working properly,  it is showing yesterday's games instead of one's that are playing tonight, and yesterday was showing games as still in play when they had been over for hours.
Difficult to navigate No way of adjusting time zones, none of the ease of use of the website version.
Hang at splash screen For the last month when starting the app, just hangs at the splash screen. If lucky within 30 seconds can be at the main screen but still extremely slow when clicking on anything. All 3 of my phonestablets have the same problem so don't think it's on my side. Will it get fixed
Bosco Pls i dnt knw d problem wit dis app. I hv a well functioning ntwrk bt d app refuse to open. It jos kip telling me unable to collect.
Freezes on load screen Used this app for ages but over the last week or so it has stopped working. Freezes on load screen. Uninstalled and reinstalled but no joy. Please fix asap and will rerate 5. Thank you
Notifications It was nice. But not anymore. Every time I download it, it works for a while but then tells me unable to load scores. Too bad.
Was the best but now its the worst App doesnt work anymore freezes on the front screen...have used it for years...gutted... any recommendations on a similar app...sort it out livescore
After the new update you can't select which league's you want to view Go back to the old app. The choices we're simpler
Inconsistent. Today 12.09.2015 I could see the Scores of the Turkish Super League now the games are finished they removed the league from the application. I'm uninstalling.
Was Good... Sends notifications through multiple times, still sends them through even after taken off, ive recieved the same score over 50 times in a row
Unfortunately No live soccer It can't display any score in real time.. are you kidding And no update score from live soccer I installed and opened at la liga spain and british premier league schedule time.. And so, unfortunately the apps cannot load anything.. and need to uninstall rather than stopped.. LoL.. bad apps
Not working. Was the best score app ever but now has stopped working. Hope it's just a clitch and will back up and running soon.
