It used to work. This app used to work. Now the overlays are abysmal. I keep seeing the fix overlays updates, but nothing gets fixed, nothing changes. They were working perfectly until you fixed them. I've emailed the author and been ignored. I was a sucker to buy this. My mistake. Try NavMeter it works. Not as pretty, but no cost. ...and did I mention it works.
Overlays are NOT fixed Of course, overlays work perfectly for Google maps, but non existent for Waze
CrAPP Paid for this and unable to keep it connected to get it to work. The free apps i used before were more reliable. Note4 with latest firmware.
Don't buy pro version It's a piece of grab layouts won't work even they said fix them They don't give your money back either
It would be nice if the app would change to nightday mode automatically at sundownsun up like other apps do. Google Maps for example. Currently that has to be done manually on those long drives that stretch into night.
Paid version does not work Speedometer does not connect or display speed. Which is strange since the free version is working fine. Don't waste your  on the paid version.
The worst customer service I made an attempt to contact customer service and not post an issue on a review, and the customer service person could not have been more rude. Sorry I didn't have a data report to go along with my issue but I don't know how to generate that. DON'T TRY TO CONTACT THEM. If you have an issue you would be better off getting a different app.
Lg G3 The inability to relocate overlays while in the app where overlays are active is a bit ridiculous.
October 2015 update. Overlays quit working. Not compatible with Samsung Do not get for use on a Samsung. The latest update to this app made it not work on samsung devices at least, maybe all brands . Overlays don't work. They disappear for several seconds and then reappear for a couple of seconds and then repeat. After a little while it crashes completely. Note I contacted the developer at the email address they provided on others comments. They have yet to provide any positive customer service.
OK Inflexible audible speed warnings, set to 5kmhr speeds. So audible alarm constantly goes off when you are at your desired speed, not when you exceed the speed by 13kmhr. Pretty but expensive. Bought Pro version but now uninstalled. DigiHUD has simple audible speed alerts and a nice small onscreen overlay.
