App use to be good now all it ever does is crash. It crashes constantly in less than 2 minutes most of the time. Starting to become a waste of time.
Won't stop crashing Keeps crashing when i start it.Too many ads I don't wanna use this site that bad that I'm Willing to view ads every time I click on something. Plus there clogging up the screen and I'm not gonna pay to use your stupid site get rid of the ads your not a free to play game stop spamming people with ads.the site was much better when it was my yearbook 
I dunno what's wrong everytime I update my profile pictures it will restart again..so untill now I'd out have profile pics
Samsung Galaxy S3 This app is crap. It works for 2 minutes then u get booted out for days. I want to delete my profile. The guys are nasty and rude. I've gotten more penis pics here then from porn sites. How do I delete my profile entirely
Used to be good This app spams you with advertisement so much it is so annoying. Really annoying pop up advertisement and even videos on a social app Rediculous. Plus the chat is broke. Replies from other people are rare now when they used to be abundant. Go back to how it used to be meetme 
Bad Crash after crash still and it seems like the app gets worse with each update and now the ads are getting more annoying. I recommend using a computer for meet me because you don't have to worry about crashing and you can do a lot more on a computer then the app.
Crashes This app should be one is the best, but keeps crashing each time I try to log in and kicks me out instantly, always crashing that sucks. Would have given 5 but this is annoying
Sure why not Find a lot of fake accounts trying to get you to go somewhere else for not so free nude but you can sometimes get them to send a sneak peak, which is kinda nice. But finding the one won't happen, and finding easy girls won't happen. You'll have to put some effort into this app to find someone. Nothing is true, everything is permitted
Account deleted Was talking to a few good people and getting along really well. Then my account just disappeared and its refusing to take my details for another account with all 3 of my email addresses. Missed opportunity to make friends and the people I was talking to must be offended or confused that I disappeared. Do not download.
The app sucks it's not working on my note 2 you better fix this I'm tired of the bugs and apps also. Y'all suck frfr.
Bugs Automatically accepts any friend requests. Always shows me as online.
Fembots Good but a bunch of fembots there... that's half the dang population. Also can't log on kicked me off now keeps saying something went wrong every time I try to sign in
Hate it I forgot my password it says it sent a confirmation email to me and it didnt ive tried over 5 times. Fuq this app
Shity app dosnt let me log in or make a new account says I can't register at this time so this app was good but now it sucks
Bad It sucks. This apo crashes, logs me out and it won't let me log back in. I hate it. I gets worse every update
I like all the parts of this app but I cannot understand why the FSM is drawn on the nonreligious icon of the tags. I believe in FSM and the FSM isn't nonreligious. Please change the nonreligious icon.
FIX THE CRASHES. The crashing is getting beyond a joke. It's so bad, that it's pointless trying to use it any more. I'm fed up of the glitches
Needs to update on it's own 10115 I will uninstall this app if I continue to be talked to so Vulgar  I still have not been back on.
This app is horrible. It used to work just fine and now I can't go 1 minute without the screen freezing or it saying the app has stopped working Now my messages won't even show up in order. I'm seeing ones at the top from MONTHS ago.
Liars Tells me I have secret admirers and when you log in to check shows ads or asks for other info then tells you that you have no admirers.
Crashes It seems like the app is getting worse with all its irritating advertisements and it crashes a lot more often than
Chill used to be Spam 247 with fake btches. Add more to it. Motivate the people to interact more. Its a cheap Facebook if you ask me.
Too slow Its too slow....taking too much time to upload photo and also for login...searching...for everything...taking lot of time
Fix it If you stop shoving adds down my throat ever 2 sec which FYI is why the dam thing won't stop crashing then it would be amazing. So pull out the 500,000 adds and make it work and earn your 5 stars
Shows the wrong people The meet me area keeps showing me straight men and the suggestions area only shows me women.  Im a gay male and I am not interested in either, and im sure they arent interssted in me. Should be easy enough to program to simply show the right interests to the right people.
Can't even use this to many adds and videos if you remove the adds and videos I may put it back as 5 stars this update sucks please bring back an older version that doesn't have adds or such
