Just purchased this and after first startup, created an account, then it crashed. Every startup since it crashes right away.   I'm not saying that it's Runtastic's fault, because I have other apps as well that have similar behavior. Some examples Buienradar  Ride Bike, and now Runtastic Mountain Bike Pro.   Seems to be a gps problem or something.  Tried to reinstall the app, even tried the free version also crashes  I hope there is a fix for this.   So for now only the one star rating.
JUNK GPS constantly drops, in places that other apps seem to have no problem receiving it. When GPS drops, app decides that it's going to pause, and does not resume when you begin to move again. Rarely accurately uploads to social media, and if sessions are removed from device, or a new device is used, all but the latest session refuse to download. All buying the app gets you is ads urging you to upgrade to a monthly premium. Every update makes it worse. I want a refund. Junk.
Wont recognize my heart monitor My heart strap will not be picked up by this app Works with every other app I have tried
Won't connect to heart rate monitor HRM was the only reason I paid for the pro version. Plenty of other apps will connect with my HRM just fine, but this one won't.
Samsung Galaxy S5 bug  cripples program usage Well.  Finally after almost 3 months.    There is a bug in the program.  Apparently the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Runtastic don't play well together.  Told it's a bug and that's all they can say.  No other info other than they are sorry.           Premium user gets premium service.  I'm premium, guess this is their best.
Seriously disappointed with the accuracy I use VDO A8 basic wired bicycle computer and Urban Biker free  Runtastic Pro 35Euro  charges running on One Plus One smart phone. Runtastic is off by 4km on a 66km bike ride whilst Urban Biker tallies with bike computer. Why
No customer service For some reason most of my history got deleted. Some of it is still there. I don't know why it would do that and I can't seem to find a way to talk to anyone that cares on this app. I finally found them on Facebook but they don't seem to be very concerned. YOU SHOULD PUT A CONTACT US BUTTON ON THE APP AND HAVE SOMEONE THAT ACTUALLY WANTS TO TALK TO US AND FIX ANY POSSIBLE PROBLEMS js
Crash... I WANT REFOUND Evertime when I want to download all history with sessions, app crashes. Evertime I submit report for nothing. Thx for your interest, I want my money back.
Confused Why did I get an email saying my trial is over when I spent 4.99 on the app.. what does this mean
Google Earth Watch in Google Earth does not work.   Please fix or done advertise. ...
Useless First time I used this app right after I installed it, I went for a well known route of about 18 km just to test the app. It didn't record any distance. The gps was working just fine so I must conclude this app is useless. Better off with the free version of Sports Tracker.
I wrote an email to support 3 days ago,  never received a reply, very unprofessional Runtastic Team This is a paid app,  you'd better answer your emails
