New prescription Tried numerous times to submit a new scrip with the app. Constantly tells me the photo taken by the app isn't bright enough. Bull  I've tried numerous times with more than sufficient illumination bright architects lamp positioned appropriately. Am using a new Motorola Pure Edition.
Keeps telling me my username or password isn't valid...plz fixnote3
Will not open on samsung galaxy 5  smartphone
Won't open on Samsung Note 5 Very disappointing.  See other consumers have similar issues
Doesn't Open on Note 4 Have tried many times to open and it doesn't. Uninstalling
App incomplete Can't access messages. Have to retry, error message.  Was told to download app to read reply to question I had. Can't delete duplicate rxs.
New Scripts Don't work The new take a picture of your new scripts doesn't work. Been waiting 5 days now for a confirmation  and haven't gotten one. Mailing in scripts tomorrow.
Just like they're mail service HORRIBLE My company makes us use this service and if anyone could screw it up any worse than CVS would love to know who that is. I would give less than one star if possible.   Everyone I've talked to that has used cvs says the same if I could I would put them out of business
ERRORS IN PRESCRIPTION LISTS   Selected a prescription  from open prescription list but different prescription appeared on order confirmation  NOT A GOOD WAY TO DO BUSINESS
Fix it... Doesn't work Also, make sure the pre fill questions actually drop down
It be nice if the application allowed selecting a Rx and making payment full or partial, but no such feature exists as I continuously get an error message when selecting a recent order.  Rx history displays Rx info and cost but no payment option provided to user should be design more like a shopping cart that the total add as user selects Rx from listhistory with balance to pay.  The mobile app as compared to the web page features appear not to be fully functional.
 It doesn't work It just stays on the cvs Caremark 
Bad representation of sad coverage Hardly ever works like it's supposed to. Most times I end up on my laptop.
This ap is terrible. Every option gives me error. Won't locate my CVS store. Uninstalling
Won't go past splash screen Stopped working. Won't go past splash screen. Can not long on tried Uninstalling and reinstalled  no help
If it worked... I might be able to give this a different rating, but every time I try to sign in, it lets me in but after the first click on anything it tells me something is wrong and to try again later. I'm done trying. Going back to a local pharmacy.
Can't show ID When not signed in, a button is shown to view your Caremark ID.  After login, the button is removed.  You have to use the website instead.
Hard to figure out how even create an account..its asks for information that you might not even have...like benefit card number.
You MUST credit card order The scanner wouldn't work and it doesn't figure insurance and requires creditcardonly payment.  I'd prefer to be billed.
Unable to Log In  HTC One M8 Cannot log in, gives Internal Server Error message each time I attempt to log in. Then it gives and option to Retry or receive Support, retry doesn't do anything except repeat same problem and when Support is selected it takes you to an error page that is a dead link. Please advise when this will be fixed. I have not seen any responses to anyone's reviews stating they are having the same issue.
Stops working When using app and trying to navigate back to home screen of app it stops working and once i get back in i have to re enter password to navigate to view prescription or reorder. I also experienced hanging and slow responses. Will use the web based version on laptop instead.
Don't like this app.  Cramped.  Slow.  Can't read.  Take a tip from Medco, CVS  This app sucks Don't you have an app for PC
Only slightly more helpful than the mobile webpage, which is not helpful at all when my medications are not listed for quick refill.  Intervention with a person is almost always required.
Doesn't work When are you going to fix it
Does not work.. comes up with eternal error or retry Does not work on my android, but works great on pc
Has not worked for at least the last 3 months. Unable to check coverage of drugs. Don't like the new interface setup either.
Its broken STILL as of 827 All I get is internal error. Please fix broken all week long
