Doesn't add anything in to accounts When I go to accounts section in Android settings and try add account it just doesn't have DSTV Connect there after installation so I'm ruled out of using all the other DSTV apps that rely on this...
Not working Can log in on the web with email and password but does not work on the smartphone or tablet. Has to be this logon app Doesnt work in either dstv now or box office
If u put in email then thy want gmail if u put gmail thy whant password it don't work nothing is working so just go to hel Me
Cannot add to tablet short cut, further the app keeps declining all my passwords, really upsetting, knowing that I pay so much for nothing
There is zero need for this, this can easily be build into any app.
Whats the use of single sign on if the underlying apps dont work.
Stupid app Useless app, cannot view live tv. Nonsense Dont waste ur time
Not working Does not work on Samsung Galaxy S6.
Doesn't work Tried to add account on note 4 lollipop. Doesn't work
Won't work Tried to use it and won't let me sign on
It does not work on my trend plus
After download I can't find the app. It keeps on saying error occurred while trying to watch videos.
Pointless I see no reason why this couldn't be integrated into the SuperSport app...
Does not work on Sony Xperia z3
Doesn't even start up properly Sort your app out dstv.
Does not work. Use to record from dstv now, and now it say I must connect my explora to the Internet it's just a money making scam.
Gidex Useless  can't even find the app after installing.
Does not work Waste of time. As a dstv premium subscriber disappointed in the developers and testers off this app
Rubbish Cannot seem to connect Never logs on even with correct details
Not working  ihve downloaded and  its says error occured so help me
Frustrating app Login button takes very long to become clickable. Looks as if it waits for something to download in the background.
Oh come on Straight after I download it it doesn't show anywhere. What's happened to it
I can't link my smartcard After providing my smartcard serial number, the app rejects it as incorrect.
I owns a dstv waker this app is not working for my tabel
Where is it I couldn't find it after downloading it
