Cant understand Frm we enable dat advanced protection...after hiding my apps that dail pad is not working i writen my password its r nt opening why
after enabling powersaving mode app don't work. when i open locked app, the numeric screen for password dissapears even no pass was put in... galaxy note 2
Don't use photovault I saved my personal pictures in photovault and after a update nothing was there everything was vanished. Its a total BS. Developer if you can't handle this type of proto types find another field to work in and please do us a favour. DO NOT USE THIS APP IF YOU WANT TO PRESERVE YOUR PICTURES WHICH ARE VALUEABLE TO YOU 
Plzz improve. There is bug in app when using whatsapp. If u stay for long time in chat. And come back to recent chat.or simply press back It asks for password. Plzz fix
Its not working properly The calling option in applock doesn't work at all and I can't uninstall this app what is wrong with it
I had shifted all my fev pics in applock vault and it worked for 6months and more they were available till nw and 2days ago all the pics are not visible at all i wanna get back all my pics
Disappointed. I always use applock in all my devices coz i love the privacy it gives. But now its just annoying. the app is not working properly anymore. Whatever settings i made. It always ask for the password even though in the applock the app is uncheckunlock. And now even though everythings unlock. Its still lock. Don't get me wrong i like the privacy but its damn annoying if every move i make on my phone is asking me a damn password even though its literally NOT lock. Pls fix it.
Please Help Picture are not coming out of vault when I try to remove them an error message come saying that you don't have enough space in your sd card but my sd card has more than 1gb of free space
Automatically lock setting... Why are u lock my setting automatically.. I am facing so inconvenience when i have to on my wifi, mobile data uses or checkout other setting first i have to unlock the pattern... as we know setting is most use full part of devices so you can not bonded user to unlock pattern everytime when they go to setting. Please fixed it.... and if you facing some problem during development process then checkout cm security app they also lock app but don't lock setting...
Asks password everytime password change is very late On whatsapp, the app asks password when I go back to chat list from a chat, try to look at someone's statuspic and see a pic shared. This is annoying as I have to enter the password every time. I changed the password and the change reflected in other apps after 4 or 5 days Very poor version. Kindly look into it.
Unable to get my pics back I hidden the app lock and its lost.I have been trying to unhide but I do not know how to that Pls help
I won't recommend this  The pictures kept in safe locker shud be mre valuable to any1..they Don even have a proper restoring procedure if pics are deleted
incoming call lock not work on my 4c app have no incoming call lock in this update i hate this because incomning call is main privacy So update it for lollipop 5.1.1
Bad Slow...  speed...  and problem of auto lock of  setting  by default.......              I cannot unlocked.... settings because it's can't see in menu.....
Not working This app sucks When I used it on Samsung it was quite good but it does not work on Redmi 2 Prime Locked options are easily intruded Everything opens without password PLZ solve the issue
Useless app It doesn't do what it says I'm using xiaomi Mi4i, and this application doesn't work on this phone. I don't know if it happens with every xiaomi mi4i users, but it absolutely lock nothing in my phone, waste of my data
DO NOT INSTALL THIS. IT STEALS INFORMATION I downloaded this crap twice and after unlocking this app to see my pictures and videos it all disappear and last time when I uninstalled it I lost all my data
Dev never replied This is apparently the only way to contact the dev by leaving a bad review. I'll change immediately when you solve my problem, which is it is locking my settings app but I cannot find the unlock button for it. Very annoying considering I use it a lot. Love the app, but emailed the dev last week with no reply. Thanks
Im playing coc while downloading then when it s finish this apps will  pop out and ..its disturb your screen and youll back to  home screen..just like you are pressing home keys once this pops out you will lose And restart apps...disappointed remove this disturbance pops out ..
