Nexus 7 does not work I bought this app and it did not open on my Nexus 7 android 4.2. It opened to the Activision screen and then crashed and closed. Don't buy this app. Don't waste your time and money.
I WANT A REFUND You cannot play this thing on ART enabled Android e.g. KitKat IF you trigger it or Lollipop by default. FIX THIS ISSUE ALREADY. REOPEN THE DEVELOPMENT BUILDING FOR THIS GAME AND AT LEAST FIX THIS ISSUE. There are a myriad of issues with this game.
Do not download this it is to just steal from you Take this game off the play store it doesn't work and it just to steal money i want my money back. Am not paying to not play an app so give me back my money
So buggy it's not funny Half the menu doesn't work and i can't fire my gun at all                                   Please fix this issue soon I really like this game
Does not work on Droid Turbo This game worked on my last three devices but with the droid turbo the screen goes black and then the game quits automatically.
please fix it.. I downloaded this game, i was all exited. I open the game to go play it and on the home screen, there is no words or typing, so i have no idea how to navigate to what map i want or settings i want to change because there is no words to tell me so. I thought ok maybe it installed wrong so i reinstalled it and i have the same problom... Please fix it
WHAT THE HELL I downloaded this game, i was all exited. I open the game to go play it and on the home screen, there is no words or typing, so i have no idea how to navigate to what map i want or settings i want to change because  there is no words to tell me so. I thought ok maybe it installed wrong so i reinstalled it and i have the same problom... Please fix it...
Doesn't work with asus t700 hd tablet I bought this for my ASUS T700 Tablet and it says it's not compatible ..is there any update for this app If there was and I could play it on my asus I would rate this 5 stars
No internet connection I just downloaded last night I played it and it worked offline and I woke up to play it this morning and it says I need intranet connection and it couldnt load so I turn on internet and it still says need internet wtf I HAVE IT ON I WANT A REFUND a waste of my time
DO NOT BUY ITS WORTHLESS ACTIVISION DOES NOT SUPPORT IT Were is online multiplayer u made this app and then cut multiplayer out nice developers Activision. Anyone who is smart enough to look it up and have played on ios knows that the multiplayer is just cut the configuration is not there you tricked people into buy a app for its name not what its famous for.
This is wierd... My freinds and i cant change our names i think its a bug or a glitch if you can fix it ill rate a 5 
Won't work Won't work just loads Activision loading screen then turns off tried to reinstall multiple times nothing works and it won't let me refund not happy bought it for my b friend so he would share the Xbox bull crud .....oh yeah delete my bad review instead of helping me fix the problem....good job
Keeps crashing Can't even get to the starting page, it just crashes and takes me back to my tablets home page.  Needs more fixes.
