This review is for Android Wear. After identifying one song it won't listen to any, saying sorry we couldn't tag your music
Won't Shazam on first try Ever since the last update whenever I try to Shazam something, the first time it says it didn't quite catch that. Then I try it again and it works perfectly
Can't log in Sucks because I can't log in to save my Shazams... unable to connect to the server keeps popping, it doesn't matter if I'm on wifi or mobile data.
Excruciating Startup Delay I have a samsung galaxy note 4 and even i face that excruciating delay when I  the app is launched. It turns me off.
Not working It won't find anything no matter which song it is or how close or far I am from source. I was just able to find one song.
An app that forgotten its roots. So many popups and notification prompts, often missed the music due to slow news  content loading, this app have gone from a lean music identification app to an overloaded slow piece of turd. The app developer have forgotten the original intent and the purpose of this software experience.
Doesn't let me play songs inapp Used to work before. Don't know what went wrong after the update.
Not linking to playstore to purchase songs... Had this app for years now.. and i used to buy heaps of mysic because it was so easy shazam a song click playstore and then bam done.. but the icon is gone next to tagged song so it doesnt link straight to the store anymore
Slow, but effective It opens up slow and the animation when listening has a lot of cuts which is, to me, very annoying. But it is effective. It works 55 times yes, it has been tested. But I still recommend and prefer TrackID over this app.
WTF Happened I used to love this app. The idea of hearing a song and having an app tell u who the artist is was genius. But now after this recent update it has constant ads and it will not even work now. Please fix ASAP
Doesnt work like it use to  It finds 2 songs out of 10  ads are really retard...1 star RIP shazam
 Restarted 498 times in 4 hours... Reinstalled after 6 months... Changed my lock screen to an album cover Uninstalled AGAIN.
Best app but.... The tracks aren't playing..... Plz fix this or else it is there bast app
Run slowly after update Why you need online initialization after every program update Low usability after  update. Program start long time, I can't shazam music.
This app used to be fast and convenient, but now with all the ads and crap that's been added over the past few updates, it takes so long to open that the song is over before I have time to use it.   Moving to SoundHound. Maybe they still understand the goal of their software.
What It didn't even work
