Update is awful Where have the stickers gone. Wanted to use space stickers but they have dissapeared. I   downloaded them ages ago and used them, now they have gone Will uninstall and install and if they are not back, will uninstall the app Well they have not been installed so the app gets uninstalled. Sorry Aviary you have shot yourself in the foot this time as i enjoyed your app up to now. Shame developers can't get it right
Won't open I was looking forward to making sick photos with these space planet stickers but I downloaded it and I can't open it There is no OPEN to this app This really sucks.
Crap Don't understand why this is getting good reviews because it won't even let me open the app, in fact, it's not even showing up on my phone when it clearly said it'd installed
Uninstalling,  I cant open the app. You didnt fix it.. I give this a 1star. I hate this app
Where is it I've installed it couldn't find it in the stickers section. Un installed it to reinstall it but still not there Would love to use it but where is the download
Urg Wont even let me open it i really wanted to make one and then when i installed it there was no open button. Disapointing Please  fix.
Hello One of t best editing app I hv seen so far.
OPEN I can't open it  Just uninstall   And this looks really cool but i cant even use it
This looks realy awesome but... How to use this Help plz 
Android lenovo s880 It doesn't work on my android
Loved it 5 stars till the update Loved it 5 stars till the update  now it's not in my stickers  restore all says it's complete  it's still not there ... please fix
Space sticker plug in It doesn't work at all....
Can't use it I'm pretty sure that the app is amazing but yet I have to use it and my phone does not display the app so I can't see it and use it. Thus the star....     PS I have note 3, so it isn't an interface or software problem
Muhsad This apps is very interest and so good to edit a pictures, keep trying to make us injoin
Stickers are good but When I open avairy the stickers are not in stickers menu
