Problem here When my friend create group I tap on connect friend I can't connect and my phone don't show any result  my WiFi is working perfectly..                        I have Android marshmallow 6.0
Can't connect I am create group and my friend chose join group and name was displayed but not connected...and app has all the necessary permission..as well as I could not join the group...so kindly help
Android 6 issue Since the Marshmallow update, i can't transfer any file using Xender. I can't even create mobile hotspot. Please resolve the issue fast.
Downloads keep timing out Beautiful interface but I was unable to successfully download my videos. Every file would get about 2030, then get stuck
Doesn't work between Android one devices Micromax AQ4501 After the Marshmallow update, Doesn't work between Android one devices Micromax AQ4501, but there are no problem between Android one  other devices, please solve it.
Can't connect with other... I updated nexus 7 to marshmallow 6.0....after  that I'm not able to connect any device...it also shows  service launch failed .
Please your engineers need to work on this app. It is always difficult to connect to other phones, not to talk of not being able to create connection... the old version is a lot better, so work on this, I really enjoy the app
New Version is Fg Waste Its stopping while file transfer.So Waste of time.But old version is damn too good.
Sucks I don't find my videos in my gallery. I only have to watch it after opening xender. Files videos received aren't shown in file manager. This is disgusting. Would you please do something or suggest some another app. Sorry and thankyou
Not work in I phone Dont like this application because I try to use two time but its not transfer my files than u uninstall and agn install but 2nd time also not working  Its working good in android only
Its OK but it don't connect to my PC And if I connect transfer rate is too slow 
Select all function I think it's high time you pple updated dis app to include an option to select all at once instead of having to manually select dem one after the other bcos in a situation wen I have like 500 pictures, 2000 songs, 250 videos, etc to transfer how long do u think it will take me to do dat if I have to select one by one. So pls give it due consideration
Crashing app... Whenever I start it and connect other phone, it crashes...its so annoying. I have 3gb ram, 2.5 GHz processor. Other apps r working perfectly except this xender.
Crashes This app crashes as soon as i establish connection with another device.  I have send dozens of crash reports. But still no reply
