The updates are not shown in a systematic way The updates are not shown properly in the timeline. One cannot copy the email or text in the status. If a person cannot connect at least he should be able to send message to the person. The timeline needs more attention.
Wow..... Just try WILD WALLET App Using this referal d 1O5O157 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Cannot Zoom Text Upgraded as they stopped blocking rotation and increased text size. BUT this app blocks text zooming on Nexus 7 and Moto X. It even blocks zooming the window.  It even blocks zooming the whole window.  These are the signs of outofcontrol web designers.  Wants all my private information. This is a sign of outofcontrol marketing.  Who's in charge here
Problems in Note 4 I have the latest version of this app and yet when Samsung tries to access account settings  accounts  add account, nothing happens and account doesn't add. Note 4 keeps prompting me that Samsung wants to access account. Can you please fix this bug
Useless Congratulations, you have removed everything useful from this app to force me to download five other apps I don't have space for.
Broken sync still Latest update broke syncing with Samsung Galaxy. No longer can be used as an Account, and consequentially can no longer sync contracts to the phone. Even worse, the latest updates crash the default Android Contacts app with linked LinkedIn profiles
After the recent update, thought that things got better. Unfortunately, it doesn't. But i got the feeling that you don't want us to be able to view our connection's connections unless....  Signing Out...and try to enjoy the old version in my old mobile while i still can.
Used to love it If it's not broke don't fix it It's now a useless app taking up storage space on my phone and tablet.  Some things are better left alone, oh and I  now have a constant  notification stating my session has expired....what session  would this be if I am not using the app  Hate update
Even though I am loving the new update, but this breaks the default contacts app on the Note 5. Under accounts LinkedIn sync has no account header name and that breaks editing of contacts.  UPDATE Opened a ticket with LinkedIn support and they agreed that the contacts app break on merged contacts is a bug. This is with their engineering team to be fixed.
New not always better The new version of this app is nowhere near as good as the the previous one. Now to do the things you use to be able to do you are forced to get on the web. They have limited this app so severely its not worth having on my phone, and that's too bad.
Missed features I dislike this update bcs I'm not able to read my full group conversations in my mobile anymore. Evenmore, I couldn't see the new connections of my connections
Where are my Groups The only reason I downloaded ap was to improve group comminication.  But it seems there is none.  The ap offers no innovation over the mobile site itself, thereby is useless.  LinkedIn good, ap unnecessary.
Mashup of FB  Twitter I suppose the old look was better, or you could have done something different than create a mashup of Facebook  Twitter.
Cannot edit courses profile As described above. Fix it please. 25th Nov edit add 1 star due developer quick response.
Like the new interface, but... Recommendations I had pending needed to accept have vanished from my inbox. I can see them on desktop, but not via the app. How do I manage recommendations Will amend to 5 stars if I'm just missing a trick
Oh my sweet CheeseIts. This upgrade was so terrible, I uninstalled. How can I not share How can I no longer access key data points, even tho' the cute little icons atop the page have red dots telling me I have new data to view I'm sooo disappointed in this 'upgrade,' it's worse than Beyonc's.
New layout is ok but favourite function has gone The new layout is more in line with other social media apps, and has some benefits. However the ability to see how you rank among your connections for profile views has disappeared. This was one of the primary reasons for me to view LinkedIn regularly so seems like a bit of a missed step for me.
New app very disappointing. Although the new app is attractive, it is lacking from a usability perspective. Simple tasks such as finding the email address or a phone number for a contact seems impossible. Very disappointing.
Older version much better The new version looks nice but i found that the older version much better and way user friendly.                    Specially the job searching tools.
Since the last update on LG G3 With new style. Cannot view connections, now have to use my ipad with old style to edit, respond to messages and sending emails. Very poor
Not working Earlier this apps was working properly however after update this apps,  it's not working. I am using Samsung galaxy phone.
My phone can't access linkedin account My phone note 3 can not access my linkedin account.. I cant sync my phone contacts with my linkedin connections. Am I the only one facing this issue Is this a bug
Contacts will not sync Contacts won't sync on Android 6.0, used to work... Now account won't show. Checked permissions, and permissions are right... Pls fix...
Wtf So you're just going to constantly pop up and try to force me to sync my contacts Rude.
Contacts disappeared after latest update All the phone numbers which have been synchronuzed before are didappeared with last update. I tried several times to get it back but nothing.
In the newer version,I do not get to see the contact details of my connections.
