Ughhh It's good and all but it keeps saying musically stopped working and I haven't posted one musically for two weeks fix it now I kept sending feedback but nothing happened fix it until then only 1 star
Equality for all phones You say your working on it but how long has it been it isn't fair Iphones has things androids don't.  Why even have an Android version of its not the full or an equal experience . Until it's fixed you get one star. When fixed it'll be a five.
Take it off What's the point of having faces is if you have to pay for them take it off is not like if anybody's going to spend 0.99 paying for some type of face that you could do it  rainbow one can you at least take off the rainbow face so we don't have to pay for that like come on that is so un.fair Like please like there's some people that can't even afford 0.99 so take off the prices because that will really help the people that are trying to save up for better things thank
Hate it Everytime i want to watch a friends musically on my phone it wont play plz make an update foe androids cause its kinda no fair that iphones have everything involved with musically and androids dont im not trying to be mean im trying to be honest and ill give u 3 or 4 more stars if u fix it for me plz and thanks
It used to work just fine It says the app has unfortunately  stopped everytime i try to save and post my video all i can do is watch other's  videos
Please fix it Why I record and I save for only my accounts all my video are nonebefore this theres nothing need to be disappear.please fix and I five full start,and so do serching music needs to wait so long and sometimes its stuck.please.TQ
FIX IT Android CANT use the same stuff as I phones. No effects. No filters. No bffing people. Fix it or I'm giving a worse review next time
Glitches There is a glitch on this app it says it download filters and stuff but wen I updated it it only show the notification bell and every time I   do a duet w someone and I finish it , it says can't play this video but yet I could still upload it and now I got like 10 likes on a musically and it says I got  0 then I liked it myself and it still says I got 0 likes
Wow I hate it I can't do anything I try to long in my email it said it was wrong it was not rong so if it will not work I'm going to keep rigging Bad thing so the people that are this you Better Mack e like it so it want let me log in wow that is said the thing do not know my stuff so how is it going to say try a gen wow that is said
SPAM The app itself is great. It does its job, the users are. Well there. And it functions fine. But ninty percenf of my followers are bots named KylieJenner long list of numbers and every few minutes I have a new comment from these spam bots insisting I buy into their scam. Its infuriating, and genuinely makes me not want to have the app anymore.
Great but there's some errors... When I try recording a video, it gets blurry when I review it...I'm giving it a 3 cause I enjoy watching others. Please fix it...ASAP
