Waaaaay too many ads and controls Every time i die theres always an ad and the controls suck.  I mean really why are they so big You can barely see the screen. Big  disappointment
Delay One of the worst games i ever played. Sure it's smooth but it has a delay when jumping, and the name Super Oscar really Basically a Super MARIO ripoff. I don't recomment it to my friends.
Why Why I just played this game and I hate it because, I can't even jump over that one spot so hard. I rather play other games then play this one who ever made this game is very bad at it sorry, I said it you need to make it better than this I'm not  going to put 5 stars until you fix it. I mean it and I almost forgot to mention that it is terrible and please don't make the whole world hate you, MAKE IT BETTER I'm counting on, YOU
Horrible experience I downloaded even though it had horrendous reviews. Wish I didn't bother. So many ads, they frustrate the hell out of you. Deleted after 10 mins. Don't bother.
Wtf  Really I was really excited about this, but fake Mario will not jump, when you need him to..  But will jump when you don't need him to.. Back to  the drawing board my friends 
Most stupid game This game deserves most pathetic game in the history of gaming award. If you play this game you will feel you are cursed. First poor controls, to add to frustration those annoying ads. Now you want to quit then long wait since those ads wont disappear.
Ads Before playing the game would you mind if I make you close 2 ads and then watch one for 30 seconds without an option to skip  and also rate it 5 stars hhmhmhhehehahahaahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...no
It's stupid I'm just now getting this game and it's the stupidest game I ever had played I'm never playing this game any more it's the worst
Wtf The ads are so bad i cant even find a way to play it. This tels me the game sucks if theh have to get there money befor u try it. 1 star is the lowest i can go that part sucks it this grade
Hate this game Hate this game,whoever mad it is a stupid idiot,don't spend your time playing this piece of junk, no smart words back,fub,quad yae.
Irritating and unpleasant to play. Controls are difficult. Response of controls is weird. Hand positions required to play game and access controls is weird.
Fk this stupid game dont play this if u still want ur phone
So pooor It has a qood quality but way toooo many ads pop out its soo annying plus the controls are so boring
THIS GAME SUCKS SO MUCH There's so much lag, I can barly get in, I jump, 20 seconds later I jump when I'm dead THIS GAME SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKS
Hate it it lagges so much you can't even choose your charcter
there were to many adds it is so stupid don't get this game its a rip of
Terrible It would be much better if you had more lives in the game so I hated it I'm never going to go back on it I'm deleting it
The fire ball doesnt work and theres to many ads
I like sooooooo much This is a very good game
It won't let me in the game so don't play this game so don't play this game
Sucks Bad Controls............. Controls are too close to the view app mode...
On the third level i don't know any one that can get past that long jump
The graphic are good but controls are poor
Not Working When I ever I want to play it close why I didn't play it till now
100 did not like it Stupid moves and so much Ads it made me sick
Ads plus bad game play Enough said.
Doesnt play properly, the most annoying game i have ever downloaded
Can't play You can't do anything without an Internet connection and plus there are so many ads
Terrible To many ads Don't try
I don't like this hame
Bfhgdykhddh fjords.  Ghhddgh,
