Don't show this stupid splash screen again Rather than taking you straight to navigation this app insists on inserting an extra splash screen to advertise other apps. The tickbox to don't show this screen again can't actually be ticked.
Does not work at all now after last update.  Completely useless.  It does not give a route, all it does is go to the map area of your chosen destination  Unbelievable
Give back the old version They updated this app to the point its absolutely useless. I have to go through so many new steps just to get the dang thing to direct me where I need to go. Is the old version still available somewhere I loved that it worked like a champ and I got a bunch of my friends and family to use it. Now I'm embarrassed to say this app was great...ugh.
Memory hog, restarts Why must the app drain the battery by running so hard Constant restart warnings heating S6 up. Should only run when asking directions as in NAVIGATION.
Does not work Does not work right can not ever find the satellite she don't talk until we get to the destination
App running on background Very useful, if it wasn't for the app running in background and consuming around 1520mb of my RAM at all times.
Update is rubbish Since updating the navigator no longer works as efficiently. Takes longer to find and load recent destinations, def preferred it before
Basically just Google maps Since the 'update' all this is is google maps app with the navigation logo.  This app sucks now  I will keep it in the hopes that a new update will fix it like it worked before but won't use it until then.  Plus this GPS app freezes constantly while your enroute to your destination.  POS app
Buggy  unreliable. Samsung Galaxy s5. Sometimes I get the navigation map view and spoken directions, sometimes not. Sometimes nav quits while I'm using it and reverts to maps with written directions. When that happens I have to keep pulling over. This caused me to nearly miss a train. when there was a family emergency.
Forced splash screen Tries to get you to app store while starting app. I start app to navigate, forced attempt is a distraction. Just load maps instead.
Wth Why does this app keep freezing up. Has been doing it for the last month9
Old school What  we got here.... is Failure to communicate.. I think I'm in line here when I say we would like the old Nav  back. Peace
After last update doesn't worm Takes to map not navigation
It's buggy I have to close the app
I need old version please....
Keeps screwing up to where I have to reboot my phone
Not what it was. Used to be able to determine milage to and from different cities, not just from your location.Google maps is the same thing so I don't need this app after all.
Losing signal when i need it most I use it when i do not know where a location is. It is not helpful if my signal strength in town is not strong enough to get me unlost. Please fix
