App crashes constantly. While busy doing picks the app closes and you have to start over again. This happens sometimes a few times in a row.
A fan of SuperBru website.  The app crashes when the phone is turned to landscape.  Slow to load pages.  Slow to open menu.  I would be able to get more people to join but no one is willing to use such a confusing, slow and unreliable app. Please get this fixed.
Bug This is a really good app, but lately I haven't been able to select which team I want to tip which makes the app basically useless, have a huawei
Superbru App crashes when you turn your phone to landscape. Issues with logging. When you report it, the developers don't bother to answer. If I could give 0 star I would.
Good and bad Good idea and bad app. Fire your android developers they don't know what they are doing... website is more user friendly
Terribly written app Very badly written app, so difficult to navigate around. Interface needs a big redesign.
I log on to SuperBru using my Facebook credentials but the app doesn't offer that logon option so I can't even get started.  Would give zero stars if I could
Dont want to go in pools very slow en kicking me out when rotating my phone Dis app sucks
Really One million users and still you can't hire someone to write an app This HTML webview is a halfhearted attempt at an app
Crap app This is a crap app never work and crashes all the time and is stupid slow
Took away progress I was more than halfway through the season of super rugby and now I have to start over and choose new teams and now it won't let me choose the team I suppor
What changed Was working perfectly, now I cant make picks or viee anything within a pool in any of my competitions Back to doing it on PC Boo superbru
Slow slow slow. Bad layout Slow and crashes. Unpleasant to navigate.
Useless Latest update renders app useless. Can't make picks, check live scoring, check results. Basically can't do anything.
Basics doesn't even work Cannot log in, PLEASE FIX
Unable to sign up Im unable toe sign up please help everybody says it is a good game i cant sign up
NICE predidiction Game HORRIBLE app THE APP IS SOOOOO SLOW AND UNRESPONSIVE  Takes forever to work and will just kick you out
Bug Use to work but developed a bug somewhere along the way. Can't select teams only the margin.
Needs work Constantly busy and displaying a message suggesting people play via email
Login options Doesn't have Facebook login on the app....useless.
Recent Problems I have not been able to get results or move off the home page. Very frustrating.
Good idea, bad app Crashes constantly making app extremely frustrating. Also could use a better look and setup for some features. Website sadly works better.
Employ some real andriod developvers This web view thing you are trying is not working at all guys
Since latest update I am unable to view log results, and leaderboard... Fix please
Worst app I've ever used App is slow. Glorified mobile site. Could be so much better
Crashy Seems to minimise when you rotate the screen, then has to log you back in when you go back to it. Xperia Z.
App crash Good app but i crashes all the time
Very very poor Crashes within 20sec each and every time.
App crashes every 5min. WTF Fix it superbru  1 star
Update now Please update this soon.  My friends and I are addicted to superbru but this app seriously sucks.  Update now
