Does it only go up to level 8 or something Because it keeps flashing the level 8, but I completed that level and won't let me go any further. Fix.
CRAZY DENTIST Fix it that it only goes up to level 8 but I always complete it. Please Fix it.And then I will put 5 stars.
Um...... I like just that it only goes up to level 8. Please fix. If fixed I will rate 5 stars
It keeps going up to level 8 I beat the game but it keeps flashing. Fix and then I will give more stars
Idiotic It's stupid cause it only goes up  to level 8 I ain't playing this till you fix it and maybe I'll give more stars also you better give everyone all the stickers for after your done and everything that we need for fixing the teeth and give more character's
Why It was amazing before the update but now it silly don't download this game don't believe the picture .  If you removed the update I will make it 5 stars
Did they really have to add bad teeth gross First when i looked at the game it looked so fun but when i downloaded it it shows gross teeth plus it only has 8 levels i tried to go higher but it wont let me More levels equals to better rating and i'll give you 5 stars
What There is only 8 levels I beat it in less then 20 minutes more levels because it's really boring and if you don't like my comments check me on Google plus  and it's not like an thing this page says there's no gorrila
So not a fun game... I is always slow and it always stops when I wanted to draw on the picture of who ever is theregtolt
I only picked 1 star becuz it only go up to level 8 I will give more stars if u fix it until then 1 star for me
Dislike the game I don't like the game because it only goes to level 8. I tried to look to see if there was more levels but it wouldn't let me go anywhere else on the game.
No picking I don't like it because I don't like it when we have to randomly pick a chest to unlock an item I just want no locked items please.
I dislike this game Before the update where you didn't have to play games it was fun but now since the little mini games I always choose the wrong chest could you like get the mini games off then I'll give u a 5 star rating and it only goes to level 8.......get a life quit trying to make kids play the game longer to messnup their brains ...I know that makes no sense
Ok It is a brilliant game however so many adds every time I click an add comes up and sometimes i click on it by accident and end up downloading it and I don't want that game and it keeps doing this also it only goes up to level 8 why when I completed that level.
 Nobody knows I like it,its just that it only goes up to level 8.And if you fix it ill put five stars
Hated it WHAT horrible game Do not like it's horrible I can't get any of the prizes I put this one it is not the one I put that it is not the one.
Booo You have to win the things by games and there's multiple boxes if you choose the wrong one you have to redo the games like the 1 millionth time I've done this please fix this
Fun to play But the game stops at 8. Downloaded it maybe 20 some odd minutes ago and im sitting here now like...wtf else. Time to uninstall. Mini games are kinda weak as well not too bad but not that great either. Just like most of the complaints here I'm kinda annoyed that I can't go any further, and I'm definitely annoyed at the incessant ads at every turn it makes it difficult to play normally without accidentally clicking on one and getting routed to another page.
Wth Installed after got new tab. Mini games hard for kids and sometimes for me. Then have to choose between couple of chest and always get it wrong then have to play the mini games again. WTF. Give us the old version back
Why It only went to level eight, make it go to an higher level than eight If not, ill hate u guys, and never get any games of this company
This game is rigged. So my son cant move on until he wins a mini game. Cool...except the score you have to beat to win is almost impossible for a child to reach. So every time he loses hes more frustrated than before and its no longer fun. I finally beat a game and then it asks me to pick a prize between two treasure chests i pick one it says sorry you picked the wrong one. Lame Uninstalling.
TERRIBLE It is just tourture to execpt your kid to play a repetitive game like this.  IF YOU CHOOSE THE WRONG BOX YOU HAVE YO START ALL OVER AND PLAY THOSE STUPID MINIGAMES. NOT TO MENTION THE QUALITY IS TERRIBLE. IT IS TOO SLOW PASED AND MADE FOR YOUR CHILD TO FAIL.
Wrong game I had this game on my old phone and it was nothing like this what's happened to it DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Stupid No body get this game its a waste of time hate it freaking stupid game dissent work and gives way to many ads every second
Hated it When I choose the prize it is always wrong one.why do they do threethe reoson you are playing is because you want to get prize.it is frustrating
STUPID I was in the middle of the game and it closed out and I was going to win. And I also don't like that there are only 8 levels
