Money sucking game Why does majority of glu fps games need to be so money sucking Without spending we can't get good weapon eventually get bore n delete it.
Server error... What the hell is this man... first of all it takes so much time to load and the other one when i restarted the game to play not for reading the server error again and again it shows server errorbad network whether i am playing it on broadband...
Sort your servers out When I stop getting a server error, you can gladly have more stars. The game takes long enough to load as it is, now we have to reload 5 or 6 times before even playing
Server The server is not working, I have been playing for almost a year and had to stop because of server errors. I have a lot of money in this so get it right......
nonsence game play it didnt even open the game although m using 3g bt it shows connection error try again .i hv tried several times but it all hapens the same
Server issues Do not download this game. The new version has server issues. It takes forever to play . Don't waste your time or money on this.
Money extractor not a game Game design only to extract money from players. Sick and tiered of this stuff
WOW.SERVER ERROR I just read alot of posts..... All complaining about the lastest update and error messageGLU,PLEASE FIX YOUR GAMEI'VE PLAYED FOR MONTHS AND NOW SOME SERVER ERROR .MY INTERNET IS FINEHURRY UP AND FIX OR AT LEAST TELL US WHATS GOING ON AND COMPENSATE US FOR OUR TIME AND MONEY...ALSO LET US CHOOSE TO UPDATE OR NOT.MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS ARE NOT INTERESTED.IF YOUR GAMES GOOD ENOUGH PPL WILL SPREAD THE WORDfixfixfixfixfixfixfixfix
Server problem with recent update. Since update serious server issues. I won't be spending any more money on this game.
Really Downloaded the game a week ago and only managed to play ONCE... Been getting server errors since then...
have a problem sorry since the last update I have a problem with the game connection. code error is 203303 Internet connection problem but the connection is OK the other games work perfectly. so I need an update because if I uninstal the game I will lose all my progress. Help me please.
Fix your problem Would be a great game if your servers were working keep getting error 203003 check  your internet. Well mines fine . This problem makes game unplayable  will give you 5 stars if you fixture problems
Update is trash Since the most recent update I can't start the game at all I keep getting an error code. I have uninstalled and reinstalled. I have restarted my phone. I have tried to log on using wifi and using 4g mobile data. Nothing works...same code everytime. Before the update I played numerous times throughout the day, everyday, for the past 45 months. I am now rating it with 1 star...it would be less if I could. PLEASE FIX
Problem With server... I have given 5 star when i started this game...i feel that i m playing with PS4. But after New update game is crashed....with too much error....game is nothing but error...and server problem...irritating.. can't play anymore....
If I could give it 2 stars I would This WAS a fun game before the last 2 updates. Now pay to playwin is the only way to advance. The can't connect issue makes this app nearly unplayable. GLU fix you game, fix progression. I have paid fir a few things, but am stuck at a certain level again. I am not going to pay anymore.
Keep getting server errors. Keep getting server errors. Game takes way to long to load on multiple different WiFi setups. Times out all the time. Do not download this game. It will frustrate you to no end. Also you need gold for almost everything. Cash is pretty useless yet that's your only reward. You need to but most of your gold. This game would be a money hog for you.  Worse after update. Do not download
WTH is wrong with the game. Recent update is trash. I lost my win streak due to the problem which i was facing from days. As i am connected to Internet while game is running its asks me to CHECK YOUR INTERNET CONNECTION error code 203003..i am getting frustrated fix this soon  or im gonna delete this game soon..
DO NOT DOWNLOAD  This game keeps going down hill  Do not download, and drive yourself crazy. . GLITCHY ALL THE TIME. AND NOW CONNECTION ERROR ISSUES.  HIRE NEW DEVELOPER'S GLU THAT CAN KEEP UP WITH SERVER DEMANDS  FACEBOOK EXPANSION IS POINTLESS IF IT DOESN'T SAVE PROGRESS SWITCHING DEVICES
Worst game Loved the previous version, latest update ruins the play, too many in app purchases which makes the game too boring, requiring internet to play even single player is ridicules, because most of the time people tend to play games when there's no proper internet, worst game.....
Can't able to kill enemy in MVP matches with powerful guns. Enemy health not reducing after firing many shots also. Worst experience.
This game is good however there are too many unattainable rewards , it's a resource hound, and is plagued with abundant technical issues. Also tired of getting opportunity to acquire special items and asked to watch videos,then after watching them if available, I don't get anything. Game needs serious help on the developers side. Obviously they don't know what they are doing.
Constant Crash Crashes after every pvp match. Server can't keep up with global events causing lags and not connecting. Love the play in 5 minute burst when I need a break from work but not worth the hassle with so many options out there to deal with constant crashing.
