Out of date Not updated No times displayed correctly. Our power went out, no notification received. Please update...
Not updated Our area's group changed to 10 after the last update on the 11th. Gridwatch still has us listed as group 3, thus no warning of tonight's load shedding... used to work very well
It is a useless program. . As they expalined to me.. it tells us of SCHEDULED loadshedding by Eishkom..  Then what is the point of this app.. we need to know when they are on and how long etc.. and where .. so we can avoid dead traffic lights.. .. they told me we need to contact our power provider direct... the WHY the APP  So it is not outdated.. it is just plain useless and an excellent data waster..
Ha ha ha Thanks for no loadshedding in lindley wonder why it is so dark nog n gemors app
Oh dear Some mugu got the update wrong. Why did he not leave well alone Sigh. The app crashes every time. This on my sony st23i.
Does not start...uninstalled ..use abisoft Does not start. Use load shedding from abiisoft... It works 
Great when it works No power at home and  no alert about load shedding. What a huge disappointment
30 notifications in 20 minutes Send 1 notification and not 30 in 20 minutes
Out of date Same problem here no power early morning and didn't get fair warning fro  grid watch used to work excellent
Waist of time Sitting in the dark, but the app says no loadshedding.
Too late Thank you for notifying me anout imminent load shedding half an hour before the time, without fail. Sometimes I don't even get ANY notifications. Much bluddy help
Questionable permissions Why does this app need the following permissions 1. Access to my photosmediafilesexternal storage  2. Access to my camera 3. FULL Access to my network, including to view all my WiFi and network connections 4. Run at startup
Used to be good .. not anymore When will the schedules for Randfontein 1A be fixed Really annoyed being caught off guard the whole time. I did email you guys but received no explanation
I dont know how to read it. How the info is displayed needs to be changed. On screen you see blue circles and light blue circles. But there is no key that says what the colors mean. I can only see for example that 1 and 2 is blue, 3 and 3b is light blue at a particular time. What does that mean In it's current state I'm not able to use this app.
It worked fine but after last update, I don't get any warnings anymore.
Never accurate This app sucks. It never gets it right. Not once did load shedding take place when the app said it would. Notifies of load shedding when there is not, does not notify when there is load shedding. Excellent concept...horrible app.
