Playback position not reliable I got this to sync my podcast over mutiable devices but although that is possible the app sometimes fails to remember playback position even on the same device. I'm switching back to podcast addict on my main divide and I am going to stream instead of catch on other devices
Fein Edit pauseresume doesnt work. Resumes anywhere. What a bummer... Mmn beste Android podcast app. Sehr schn Designed, einfach zu bedienen. Leider hat das Ding ein Geschwindigkeitsproblem. Msste um einiges fixer und schneller sein.
Resume to beginning a few times Like the design and has been using a long time. But recent bug is killing this app 
Absolutely no support I purchased this app and have since found that there is absolutely no support.  I can't set up sync due to an email confirmation bug on their end and, despite messaging them multiple times over the last week, I have received absolutely no response.  Good thing I didn't pay extra for the desktop sync before finding out about this.
The app itself is nice, however I didn't do my usual amount of homework and found out after buying the app that they even make you pay for the web account. Of you are glued to your phone then I guess that isn't a problem. I expected I would be able to listen on their web client when I bought the Android client. Other than that the app appears polished and has everything I need in a phone app. But so far so does player FM which I am currently trying since it also has a web client.
Generally good, but.. Playlists are not properly synchronised between my devices.. Tried multiple times, also tried to reinstalling the app  won't help. The lists themselves are created, but are mostly empty, sometimes it might pick up a few random episodes from the list one or two from ten. Can you please fix I'll happily update my review. Thanks
I used to love this app but ever since upgrading my os to 5.1 podcasts will delete mid playback at random times causing me to have to re download them. On occasion the podcasts I download twice will have the same issue. Very frustrating.
Some faults I'm new to podcasts and bought this following a recommendation from a friend. So far I've experienced the following 1 unable to pause or stop podcasts, then pick up from where I left off consistently. Seems to be a problem for longer episodes. 2 previously downloaded episodes have just disappeared. I've no idea how this compares with other apps, but about to find out once I've got a refund...
Best podcast app out there I've been using this app for quite some time.  The developers are great at updating the app and squashing bugs.  There are plenty of features in the app for almost everyone's needs.  You'll have a hard time finding a better app  Latest update has podcast stopping abruptly before the end and skipping to the next one.  Please fix.
Editor's choice,  really I don't see how this is the EC of the play store.  It has the worst UI possible.  You have to hit it three times to get a podcast to stream and you have to look to know how to even do it.  Trying to discover podcast just pulls up a choice to subscribe to it without actually seeing what it is about.
Use to love this app. Sorry but you lost my 5 star review. Sync of watched status between devices and the web version is completely wrong. Some episode show watched on web but not on phone andor tablet. Unreliable. I emailed them twice about it got no reply what so ever. I paid for this on Android and web, I now regret both.
8.9 GB in total storage size... wth I love this app, my phones storage kept saying it was running out.. I decided to go down the program lost amd clear out cache and stuff. Every program had a few mb... but this one had built a 8.9GB storage size, even though I have it set to keep only 5 pidcast recordings for 2 shows, these shows are 30mb each.... I love the app and will change rating if this is fixed.
Refund for me. No results for The Richie Allen Show or Enemy Within Radio. Joke.
Playback issues I'm on a Samsung Note 5, and episodes, once downloaded, constantly stop playing. The failed exclamation point icon appears and the notification says that the episode appears to be in an unsupported format and prompts to try to play again or use an external player. It always starts up again ok within the app when I hit play, and picks up roughly where I left off, but when it happens 6 or 7 times during a 60min podcast, it gets incredibly annoying.
Stops then Refuses to play. Loved it But suddenly stops mid podcast then won't play at all. Very very frustrating.
GET PLAYLISTS ALREADY Still no ability to create playlists Grrrr I want so badly to use this but not having the option to create personal playlists like Stitcher makes this a big fat zero for me. Please add them.
Needs to be fixed otherwise good Like another reviewer mentioned, the app has problems with podcasts longer than an hour. Randomly restarts the playback when you try to go to certain time, sometimes even seemingly deleting the file also, which then dissappears from the podcast list completely until i unsubresub the podcast. It needs to be fixed ASAP, there hasn't been an update in months..
