Fcking uselss Useless app..slow.... Full of errors... For the amount of money they charge for their subscription you would expect a better app
Useless the old version was much better.cant even watch sports now this version is bullshit.
Messed this app up The older version made sense and was much more useful but this is useless someone needs to get fired
Utter Useless Wasted my data to download, jumps back to main screen all the time, does not know which screen it wants to be on, does not load the chosen screen, really wasted
Nothing works I can't believe MULTI CHOICE would associate themselves with such a buggy app. What a waste of data downloading it.
Amon Ur developers r not doing their job. Can't use the side bar to access anything. U guys r really playing with us
This new app is absolutely he biggest BS Does not work do NOT install do not waste your time
Good idea, but only works with luck Server Error in '' Application.Invalid postback or callback argument. Event validation is enabled using  in configuration or
Doesn't work 98 of the time. Always returning server application error. This is still happening after giving feedback twice to Dstv customer service
The is out of date by year and that is when one is able to log in
Older Version wa better Bring back the older version please
Useless I shouldn't have updated to this useless version. The older one was much more useful.
Bad You've messed up a perfectly good working app.
Crap App This is a big pile of kak. I cannot even login. Fire the developer or dock his salary. Do you guys even test this outside your virtual development computers Give it to MC employees before publishing such crap
Eddie Does not allow me to disconnect holiday account. Mostly offline
Doesn't work at all
Not working It says Page removed
Self service useless Unable to connectdiaconnect holiday decoder with this app.
Very Frustrating For your heart's sake don't download this annoying app..trust me
This needs help Pls kindly work on this app
Useless Is there no way to rate zero star
Can not log in whats going on
Complete shiit Older version is better
Useless No use at all remove from play store
Unuseable What happened to this app Can't do anything with it now besides accessing the Help screen.
Not very useful Does not even list all my decoders so you can't clear errors on all devices. No support in app for mobile drifta decoder Useless
Useless. Older version was better
Self service page removed App now useless.
Useless Useless
Super glitchy Almost nothing works right
It's a no no, useless, I can't log in.
terrible always a challenge opening other options
Very very useless need serious upgrade and attention
Useless App is useless
Time wasted  Unable to update my details
