App Is Slow lags a lot  takes long to load pics. messages come in late. also, the app logs me out Smh
There's no rotation It's the same faces everytime I get on. When the site has refreshed, there should be a different group of people. Rotate the people so we can see different faces. And when I go down the list I should only see the ones in my citynear me. I don't want to see SOME in my city then some in Vegas and California. I should only be seeing all the ones in my city if that's what I'm looking for.
Banned for No Reason I was a user of skout for almost 1 year with no problems I use it simply to meet chill people and NEVER Violated The Terms Of Service and yet I ended up being banned a few days ago. I looked up online and many people ALSO said they were banned randomly for no reason at all, and its no use to email the skout team or anything they most likely don't even open their mail. Horrible.
Disgusting n time waste Real life money require a lot to rule the features message read no notification n reply juz forget it by someone. Meaningless app with full scam n spam all around which promote things by asking us to join kik n then pay them for their service narissistic  ppls
BullShit Wont let me create account beacauae my mobile device birthday doesn't match up that's stupid fix that this app is terrible until you get that fixed
Not fair I acidently put in the wrong birthday. Then I deleted my account. Then it says I'm blocked because i have a different age. This is not fair
DID I VIOLATE YOUR TERM AND SERVICES WAIT why im blocked when i try to connect it on fb it say dat im violate you how can i log in or sign up if im always block. 
WHAT THE, WHAT THE, WHAAAAT It just blocked my account for no reason I did not broke any rules Why did it blocked me It is so stupid to block a person with no reason Even if you search on all of my posts you won't find anything that will offend someone or even break any of your stupid rules Stupid app
Count  be better  if I type between the age range of who I  would like to convert with. However, still kids, and other countries are contacting me. The application is pointless if it isn't abiding by the input filter of one's interest.
Ads everywhere, specifically the intrusive ones VERY small active userbase in my large city Boston. The pictures keep reloading themselves and the page keeps skipping around bc ads are being unloaded and new ones being loaded almost the time, browsing is frustrating. When looking at a user's pictures, the Low Qual version will load instead of the hq one randomly. Bottom banner designed to pop out and trick you into clicking on it ALL THE TIME. App has no idea how to sort by distance.
It's trash Don't waste your time
Hate where the Ads is showing I really really dont like where the ads are popping out Exactly at the bottom where you will type your message. When you tap the area to type the mesaage, the ad will pop up. So instead of a keyboard that will show, it will lead you to the ad page. You have to wait for the ad to completely show up then gradually the space to type your message will move. It disrupts the chatting and the flow of communication. You're ruining your own chat app
fix the time of signing out please fix the time of logging out please put the exact time when people sign out coz it takes 2 to 3 hours.you see online but its not.
Too much lag can't edit profile Can't delete account can't edit profile it has automatically taken data from Facebook which doesn't have proper data n I can't even change
I VIOLATED TERMS of SERVICE Why in the heck am I blocked I havent violated anything at all. I never posted anything discriminating, offensive andor spams to other users...Why If so, what did I do wrong Smfh
Not worth it This app is not worth your time don't bother downloading it. There's a lot better apps out there then this load of crap
Its awsome Ahhhmm...there are some lacking features or tools in this dating site. I guess if you're searching for an age best suit for your interest, somehow you shouldnt be followed by younger people which only creates disturbance
Ugh. I just log out my account then after an hour i just open it then it say im block it sucks .. wasted time
Hate it They block your account for no reason when you send them an email to unblock it they dont reply...DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP...its a waste of time and very slow
Location Issues Your location cannot be set permanently and the app doesn't put nearest members to you like it should.  Shame really as it could have been a good app
