cant install wth so i.paid for this app and when i try to install im getting a package file is invalid msg. wtf. oO i spent money on.this so.please provide some sort of fix
Updates to functionality are super slow to occur. Otherwise really great app.  UPDATE Switched to Fenix, has everything I wanted in a twitter app and looks great. Regret this purchase immensely
Functionally great visually ugly. The UI is so primitive that it is simultaneously boring, distracting, counterintuitive, and basically butt ugly.
Broken Alerts   Limits This app is driving me mad. It's constantly alerting me, even when I've seen the same mention 15 times.  The audio alert goes off constantly whilst in app, so if you get a mention whilst writing to someone else, the app just gives alert after alert until you come out of what you are doing.  In short this app now completely sucks with too many glitches ignored for a very long time. Edit  now telling me I've reached my limit after 3 tweets.  Nice one.
Major issue Recently bought a Nexus 6 totally stock OS and now, if while you're loading something like a Vine or a picture and it hangs while waiting for the thing to load, you're stuck. You can't get rid of the loading screen because it won't let you get to the back button. Tapping, swiping, all to no avail. It's stuck loading forever. You have to exit Tweetcaster and reload.  In a previous review, I praised how consistently good Tweetcaster was, but I'm amazed they've left this error.
After latest update, my attached pictures taken in portrait on my phone are automatically rotated to landscape. All of my pictures are sideways in Twitter once the post is submitted. Please fix
Good but needs improvement Needs to add the quote a tweet function from twitter. Does not update the list correctly. Great start though. Also push notifications are not real time. They are delayed quite substantially.
Growing more useless over time Right now I'm getting protocol errors, but even when it's working at all it still sometimes takes a handful of attempts to post a tweet. Time to find a new app.
Long time user, now can't login Keep getting a too many redirects error when I try to login. What use is an app that you can't use Especially one you paid for
