Still need some work I really wanted this to be great The sort feature is useless and brought up scholarships that were irrelevant. There should be an option for first gen students, also ambitious HS nonseniors. Lastly, I wish the app itself had a summary of eligibility criteria without having to go to the website, a simple check box would suffice. Lastly, you have to buy the app for each device. Had I known, I would have gotten it on my laptop instead of buying on my phone.
Nice idea, but needs some help Why exactly do you need access to my photos and personal files Second, the filter does not work well. Why do I get dental scholarship, where my major has absolutely nothing to do with dental care
As a single mother looking to go to school, this is a horrid app. This app was supposed to be general not specifically for current students. I'm not a fan. Was REALLY hoping this would be all I had read and heard it would be.
What's the point of criteria I wasted 99 cents. If I put on graduate I expect to only see graduate scholarships and why are scholarships with passed deadlines showing up...
Scholly Doesn't Install I saw this app on Shark Tank, and figured it was worth a try for just 99 cents. I can't even get it to install after repeated attempts. Now, I'm reading the reviews that the app is not geared towards grad students so it's worthless to me even if I can get it to install. 
What So I liked the ones I need for my daughter and got email for the dollar amount that's it how do I submit app for it where do I go I have no info at all
It did work I downloaded it awhile back and used to get results, though none of the scholarships applied to myself even though they were selected for me. Now it doesn't even bring up results, no matter what I input into the app.
Horrible It won't even let me get a refund. Take this app back and give me my 99 cents
How did this get money I saw this on shark tank. Great idea but found nothing in my searches. More for undergraduates rather than graduates. I wish I could have a refund.
What happened When I first installed and searched I got hundreds of results. Now, they make you narrow it down so far, that I literally got 2 applications, and both were expired
refund now please this app would have been nice to have when I was a HS Senior... since that's all this app provides
Pretty useless I can do better using Niche or another service, and those are free. You have to really try to even get relevant results. Lazy design, don't buy
So far, not good. Hmm, the very first scholarship I clicked on did not meet the search criteria I input.  The next 2 took me simply to other websites offering their services in finding scholarships.  The next scholarship involved posting on the Web page and getting your friends to vote for you...in my book, that is not a scholarship.  It looks to me like the scholarships haven't been tested to see if they are legitimate scholarships.
Fraudulent App I bought this app because of the presentation on Shark Tank. The developer said that this app would match you with scholarships that you are eligible based on the criteria that you enter into the app. Well, that was a lie. The criteria is pointless. You have to sort through all the scholarships yourself to find the ones you are eligible for, including whether the deadline has expired or not. I guess the concept advertised was too good to be true.
