Less than 40 mangas I couldn't even read attack on titan or any other mangas I like. There was only 37 different mangas available I didn't know any of them
Bugs. It signed me out and wont allow me to sign in. It says network error and I know it's not my phone because it did the same thing to my iPad. Please fix.
It seriously needs amendments cuz it says network error although my phone is connected to my WiFi . Please fix it soon or else I will have to remove it. Thank you
No Fan of the anime app, was a fan of this app when it first came out. No where near the selection it used to have. Did you guys lose the lisences Do you just not care about the manga anymore What happened
False advertisement The description says read manga for free. You can read the newest chapter for free, but cannot read any of the older chapters without paying for a membership. Plus, you can't even go back to the first chapters and read, because they don't seem to be available. I love the anime app, and I'm fine watching ads and not having a membership. And I don't mind waiting an extra week to watch the newest episode. Something similar should be done with the manga app.
No selection I was expecting way more from this. There are only about two mangas I've actually herd of. Not that that's a bad thing, but if I wanted to read anything I can't cuz its just not there I mean come on I can go to about 8 hundred web sites and read manga that I want but have it not only drain my battery like crazy but use up my data as well. But an app that is associated with one of the best sources for animations has literally nothing its sad really
Flaws C'mon You mean to tell me that you let us read one chapter on every title but don't let us finish Not to mention issues with navigation. Sorry but not sorry, this is the pits...
Blech. It keeps asking me to start a free trail but I don't want to, I just want to read chapter two of this adorable new manga.
Is this a joke I need to pay for a membership in order to read almost all the good manga and they make only the first and latest chapter readable dick move crunchyroll dick move.
E for Effort Constant crashing. Bookmarking is unintuitive. Needs a lot of work for stability issues and needs to be much more userfriendly. Initially wrote this review a year ago, still stands.
Ridiculous apps Give me one logical reason, why should I pay you for manga Don't even bother to download, it's a waste of time and data plan.
Pages don't load properly all the time. No easy way to refresh a page
Signed Me Out And Errors I am having too many problems. My internet and phone is fine, but it keeps signing me out and saying that my connection doesn't work. I have done all I could, including resetting my phone,  clearing my cache, resetting my internet box, and even uninstalling and reinstalling the app itself. When I even try to log in, it says I have no session. I got my membership a few days ago My anime app is just fine, but the manga app....No.
Crashes more than a crash test dummy This app is basically unusable. Keeps telling me I have no connection when I know perfectly well my connection is good.
Wasted potential Worked pretty good for a while but now all I get is network errors or no session notifications.  This happens across my 4 Android devices.  Also whoever did the scans for some of these manga tend leave out pages and double up on others.  Get your crap together crunchyroll.  With all the resources you guys have your can make a better app than this.  Ooh yea, how about adding a few more than 40 manga too.  Very weak selection.
Hmm there seems to be a problem I try using it today and it was not working. I reinstalled but still no connection. Is the manga sever down It was working before but for past several days, no connection,can't even log in. Please try to fix this.
Sometimes works... ...but mostly doesn't. Strange bugs too, and very small selection. Not bad, but certainly won't become a regular manga stop for me in its current state.
Why It wasn't working for me on the galaxy s5 for about 2 months any chapter i open would crash the app and now that it had started working i got up to chapter 162 or yamada and the seven witches it causes my screen to completely freeze i can't even power down my phone and can't even send a report i have to remove the battery to restart it
How is it that they only put ONE CHAPTER to read the manga you want but the rest of the chapters you to be a member, now that's ridiculous to me,i wanted to read magatsuki but i need membership to the rest like what the hell
