Completely Trimmed Down You can no longer follow your game as before. Earlier today you could follow in game stats but no longer. You note can only see most recent plays. I'm uninstalling.
Sucks It constantly exits out and needs to refresh. The widget shows me scores of games I dont care about. Notification suck as well. This app overall sucks completely.
Notifications are horrible I click on the notification and instead of taking me to that story it takes me to whatever page I was on the last time I was in the app. Also, received notification of American Pharoah and they don't even have horse racing in the app. Searched American Pharoah and got nothing.
It sends you your preferred alerts, and if you catch it and click on it immediately it take the top of there twitter feed for that team. So the tweet that they alerted you to, that you're interested and want to read can literally be hundreds of posts down....
Bad App It asked to log in Facebook to comment on the gamecast . I log in and still can't leave a comment. Shows me logged in to back to game cast keeps asking to log in. LG G FLEX 2 . Also this app just feels incomplete and missing features . Really not a good app coming from ESPN I would expect better
Note 5 Notifications stop working...I like keeping up with my games when away from home
Nice App Lol First of all the app crashes in the background constantly and just about every time I open it, on top of that it hasn't worked correctly for years and you think a company such as yours could produce a viable application for sports
Is this ESPN or TMZ The Breaking News is worse than CNN. Not everyone cares about Tebow, or what one player's wife said if another's. Especially when it's tied to a team I've clearly never shown interest in. Scoring updates often come after the final score as if the game is still going on. Bloated, slow app. Notifications often can't take you to the story they're tied to, just the home screen.
Awful ad notifications Okay so I'm not following sports like horse racing or MMA but still get alerts when there are huge upsets or other news in those, which is fine and actually a good feature. But a notification about some Good Morning America 40 year promo bullshit Please. They've done similar things before but that is the most egregious example so far. I'll be uninstalling and likely moving to CBS sports.
Outdated UI, not material design Wow it actually works decent now only after a couple years of slow slow slow slow performance but good job. Too ugly a UI to use. So I switched sports apps for my updates.
Wasted opportunity I had no idea they were going to dump all over my phone with a hundred unwanted notifications every day. What potential this had to be interesting Loved the scores but cannot tolerate ESPN covering up all my essential notifications with theirs. The things I must have are now a needle in a haystack of useless ESPN notifications. Sadly I must uninstall.
Ok I updated and now it keeps freezing so I get an alert that ESPN has stopped working. Every five minutes And forget about alerts for the teams I do follow. And I can't follow the games anymore like I used to. This app really has turned out horrible. Thanks for nothing ESPN.
Twitter is not a sport. Too much social media and not enough about sports. Most articles under news section are videos, seems dumb to me.
Used to be great Last couple updates are the worst  Used to open app and only my teams would show, my alerts always came through,  now I gotta open the menu, wait for one of my teams to load and it doesn't save my alerts Errrrrrrrr
Crashes The thing is constantly crashing. I'm so sick of it. It never takes me to the proper page based on my notifications. I'm really getting annoyed
So many problems with MNF Useless, just want to watch Monday night football game
not a terrible app, but it should just be renamed the LeBron app.   be careful how you set your favorites. if you indicate you're an NBA fan, it will send a notification every time Lebron scores.  Had to remove NBA as a favorite sport.
Lots of issues Dates are incorrect for some college football divisions. App continues to announce all Los Angeles teams news even though they are turned off and not in my favorites. I turn the notifications off and the app turns them back on.
Joke GAMECAST for NBA doesn't even work properly , and hasn't for years. Choppy, laggy and very frustrating app. The NBA GAMECAST isn't even functioning properly. Team colours aren't even correct. Charlotte is green Lol. Animations in the GAMECAST section are choppy and not fluid. GAMECAST needs to be overhauled from the ground up.  The team ignore my emails and feedback. Joke of an organization.
No favorites Won't let me save my favorites... Keeps telling me to check my network connection, I have full connection and no problems on any other app.
Poor design Whoever made this app was not thinking about the convenience of the user. Tried yesterday to find out who is playing on MNF and could not even do that. Go figure  Very awkward interface ..sad sad sad 
Why Why do you keep giving me espn dallas notifications showing me updated on all dallas teams, i don't care about the Cowboys, hate them. I'm only a Mavericks fan so stop giving me updates on the Cowboys
Really buggy This app needs a lot of work. Select to play one video and different one plays. Game cast doesn't work. I have to close app and restart to see any changes. And last but not least, you have to watch a 15 sec ad video to see a 10 sec game video Between every video I understand this app is free, but come on I spend more time watching ad videos than game videos.
Why doesn't off mean off I use the espn app to check scores and rankings for NCAA football only. I have repetitively check my settings to make sure my notifications are turned OFF. tonight alone I've gotten probably 10 breaking news notifications after MIDNIGHT that I just rechecked to verify I had turned off. What the heck Please fix. I'M TIRED OF WAKING UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT TO ESPN NOTIFICATIONS
