Can't see boards Whoa New update sucks Why can't I view my boards It now only shows by most recent pin or alphabetical order This is Pinterest We need a VISUAL layout, not an alphabetised list
Can't see my feed and boards I keep seeing an image with a robot asking me to select categories of interest.  I don't need Pinterest finding pins they think I might  like. I can find my own pins. One star rating until this changes.
Update I just did the update today. What on earth happened to all my boards and pins. It looks as of I just created it for the first time. I can't see any friends on here or activity. Before today I would have voted 5 stars. This is staying 1 star until this bug gets worked out. Also, I can't even search for anything what happen
I follow over 1,200 boards and no pins show up. I've had this account for years and nothing is loading, it looks like a brandnew account. Fix this please, I would like to have access to mine and the pins of who I follow.
Can't Log In It won't show the log in button and there are way too many suggested pins. It's taking over my entire feed. I barely see anyone else's pins because of the suggested pins. I can't even log in anymore after the update
New Update All of my friends pins have disappeared from my feed. My daughter has a Wish List Board specifically for me ... and now I can't see it. How are we supposed to share ideas with friends when we cant see each others public pins
Picked for you I am getting lots of picked for you and i keep having to close them becuz its taking up alot of my board. There should be a way to disable picked for you. There should also be a way to automatically scroll to the new or to the older pins or save the spot where i last was so i dont have to keep scrolling down every single time i open the app.
I would Give it zero if I could. It freezes everytime I try doing anything and I can't even pin stuff. What's the point of this Just to see what others put on here
Used to be 5 My widget no longer works. I've tried many things to fix it. I miss my widget. When it works again,  I'll go back to 5 stars. I use a GS notepro
What the hell every time I go to app it trys to force me to pick interests and follow them. I am not interested in any of their suggestions and I don't want to follow these suggestions. I will not get back on Pinterest until they stop trying to force you to do things you don't want to do
This sucks don't update Are you kidding me I update this and my boards disappear one day before a holiday and all the meals that  I'm making... thanks alot 
Not working anymore Anyway to roll back to previous version Anytime i try to pin somethingi get the same message We were unable to complete that request. Piece of advice if something work well, than leave it alone.
New update removes board organization. I used this to keep track of recipes with my boards in a specific order. The latest update now only let's you see your boards in alphabetical or by most recent. I can at least search for my pins, but what was the point of organizing your boards now that you can't do that anymore The app is ruined for me.
Change it back pleeeease Can't even view ideas or those I follow... very disappointing.  Used to be my favorite app.... please put it back to the way it was. You took away the core of what Pinterest is.
Can't search worth beans Was this supposedly a bug fix Searching my own pins doesn't even work. WTH happened  1110 update SUCKS Can't see my boards. Some are missing. AXE THIS UPDATE
Can't get in It's asking me to pick topics again like I'm a newbie I tried the help Centre and I was able to log in there. Went back to my app but no sign of log in or boards just the welcome screen. I think it's a bug please fix.
New Update Is Horrible I liked pinterest a lot before the new update but now it's just confusing and weird looking. I know where my boards are now but it takes wayyy longer to scroll through and find the ones I want Sucks. I won't take back my two stars until it's back to normal.
New Update I wouldn't get it again. This is so odd. The new update is not functioning correctly. None of my pins or my boards are on here anymore, and nothing on the main home screen. Deleting this app completely.
A step backwards The new update is a stinker, the view of your own boards is slower and way too busy.. give us a classic view option.
Topics Don't like the Follow Topics when you first open the app Having the suggested and what you follow was just fine. I don't want to have to search for things Don't even want to open the app anymore.
Hate it What have you  done Pinterest this used to be my favourite app but not any more I don't want to follow stuff that doesn't interest me that was the only way I could get bk onto my boards then I've deleted all the uninteresting stuff off if I'd wanted to follow that I would have in the beginning 56yrs ago .Everyone I follow or who follows me isn't visable anymore so I can't see what i want to now .Please pinterest rethink this app it's not right as it is .sorry to be negative but ..
I love Pinterest but hate new update New uodate is cool and all but I really wish you could still access the old board layout.
Can't see all of my boards I have a lot of boards but I can only access 14 of them thanks to the new layout. Also, the layout is too big. I have a large screen on my phone Note 5 and I found myself getting frustrated because I couldn't see enough on my screen. I love Pinterest, but this new layout is awful. Please fix it.
What happened The last update was a super bummer. I used to love scrolling through random posts. The first time I opened after the update I was prompted to choose my interests and couldn't opt out. I went in and adjusted but now I'm only seeing those few categories and it's not refreshing. Super bummer for someone that enjoyed the randomness of opening up and scrolling through what was popular.
Where are all my private boards Everything is gone, including everyone  that followed me and everything I followed. I knew I shouldn't have hit 'UPDATE'. Smh.
