Welp. It's all over. I stayed loyal since my subscription began in early 2011. Even when google music came in with more functionality, I stayed with rdio. I volunteered my time for the last couple of years testing the beta app. I'm sad that my loyalty to the product and my time and effort are being sold to the highest bidder.
Garbage It freezes constantly. I literally have to Force Stop the app 23 times per day. It stops working properly if it's left on offline mode for several days. Can't skip tracks with inline remote. RDIO start addressing this issues pronto
Disgruntled paying customer So i find out as i log on today that Rdio is removing the app O.O I have been paying for this service for just over 2 yrs. I always used it and loved it up until a few months back where it didn't matter which song i played, I'd have to skip to thr next one The song would skip, not play but the timer was going. I wouldn't be able to listen at all. Now i too have playlists etc that im unable to access. Im not very happy about that..
Continuously frustrating Great user interface with a large collection of music, but the persistent bugs makes it extremely unreliable and frustrating to use. When playing albums or playlists music stop playing intermittently, incorrect song information is displayed and every now and then the wrong song is played entirely.
This SUCK Dont pay for this app. It never works all ways force close. Can never listen to songs before i download. When offline you cant listen to certain songs or albums you supposedly downloaded. Takes forever to play a song that you have downloaded. This app is pure crap
always force close  always force close after last update or it's because ur service is shuting down
What You charged my card today  given the bankruptcy  and won't allow me to remove it from file What the hell is this
0 is the number of stars I want to give or a negative Useless app most of the time great when it decides to work. it seems impossible to cancel once u sign up so sign up with care or better don't sign up to begin with
Offline mode Unable to listen to music in offline mode unless I go online start a song then click offline and hope the app doesn't close.
Doesn't work anymore
Disappointing Not working on Note 4 After reading reviews, thought this would be a good app. Installed and wouldn't even start on my S Note 4. Just keeps crashing on startup. Severely disappointed 
Latest update It's not playing any of my songs
Not impressed. Used to work great. Now I can't get the downloads to work at all
