Samsung Galaxy Note2  Samsung Galaxy Note4 edge I have two phones one google account. Why are the additional features I paid for is not working on my Note Edge I tried everything, all I'm getting is your play store need updating.. Even after I update my play store to the latest version. Same thing What should I do All my other software I paid for are working on both phones.
Ok but not great This app is OK and Iv spent around five pounds buying the optional sound enhancements, tweaked the settings and battled with the sound fx to get the best possible sound with my various headphones and speakers. The problem is its over complicated and my stock Sony player blows this away, sets to different music styles without all the bloody hassle
Please Fix Freezing a LOT. It freezes whenever I delete a song or edit the tags. I sometimes wonder if it has to do with the use of a microSD card. Also, while editing my playlists, whenever I edit the song queues, the playback seems to shuffle even though shuffling is turned off. I never had problems until now. Used to love it.
Folder navigation dont work anymore FOLDER NAV' STOPPED WORKING  HELP AHHHHHH. This was amazing, it is highly customizable. everything worked. It comes with a set of super useful widgets that you can customize. But now folder nave dont work. Im going player pro
If you like Bugs and Stingy Developers I hate Developers that are stingy like jetaudio's Developers  They don't listen to your suggestions even if you bought every one of their in app purchases  Sadly, these Developers are not interested in the CONSUMER but rather for the money.  When I rated this app a 1 star the Developers contacted me to fix it, but they were only interested in their reputation and not customer satisfaction.  As a grade for this level of customer support I give them an F
Still lags behind. Still needs Google Voice Search integration, more comprehensive search results allowing play of an entire artist or genre Doesn't allow lists to be skipped. It needs the ability to play music lists like poweramp.
Been using for a loooong time and I loved it but It force closes or randomly stops playing a lot, it stays frozen then I have to reset the app to play again or restart my phone and sometimes it still doesnt play, as much as I loved it before I'm now deleting it and finding a new music player
Error occurred while playing...  Always showing this error message when attempting to play any Mp4, M4a, 3gp,  3ga sound files.  Totally Dissatisfied
What the hell happen to the bass Before the update I had a 32hz bass frequency and the app had a lot of bass now it's all highs and no bass
Can't add songs from SD card Just can't add songs from SD card. Even after I unchecked the restrict music. Paid for it premium and now becomes redundant in my Note 4. Good thing there's SPOTIFY to save the day...
Some folder wont show up, until fix I give one star...
Latest Update You guys are bunch of screw ups. Even with the latest update, the Clear Playlist issue is still not fixed  it completely feeezes the phone with the app. I've been using this app for almost 2 years now with spending some  bucks for the premium features.  I still want to use this app so you have got to fix this issue Now.
I bought it I bought it Fix your BUGs
