Doesn't open on Note 4 VRZ Stock Game doesn't open and continues to crash when booting up the application. Can't enjoy what I can't play.
READ THIS The controls are horrid. There's no way to hold forward and jump at the same time without extreme difficulty making it impossible to jump gaps or up ledges, looking around is painstaking and the buttons are tiny. I honestly have no idea how anyone could have a good time playing this game.
Square Enix right  Can't even play this game it need an analog stick not dumb arrows.. Someone please get to work
Cant see pick ups Cant see any pickups which really annoying, the game is good once you get hang of controls but untill they fix the game so i can see pick ups its 1 star. Did email about it but got no reply. Rude.
Unplayable on Samsung Tablet The game closes upon start. It does not even get to the initial loading screen. If you regularly buy brand new equipment every few months, then it might work for you. If you are regular person that can not afford to do that, save your ten cents.
Just too big Just like the TR2 emulation, this is a great mobile version of a great game.  Unfortunately, like TR2, it is quite large and has blocked any permission to move it to an sd card. For me, this means I cannot realistically keep it installed and have merely paid for the ability to play it rather than to actually do so. Sad.  As such, I cannot give it the rating it would otherwise deserve.
The WALK button is finicky on Logitech Rumblepad I plugged in a Logitech Rumblepad and it worked great and didn't require configuration. But the WALK button is inconsistent, and Lara often sprinted off ledges even with the WALK button pushed. So far the only problem I've found.
Does not work Does not load on my nexus 9. I get a message saying it couldn't load the title, and the app freezes
Great game, however... Exactly like I remember it. Controls and gameplay are almost spot on to the old version. However, I recently had to reset my tablet. All my other purchased games downloaded straight back on no bother. But with this I get a black screen with the message Download failed because the resources could not be found at the top. Soooo.... one star until its fixed. I don't even have an option to buy it again.
I love this game but it would not load any textures, even laras face is missing . I have un installed it 4 times but it was always the same. Please help me fix it............            I have fixed it, I put the quality to low and this fixed it. ................ I now have another problem, there is no medipacks showing up or keys etc.......grrrrrr
wouldn't download i purchased this game and tried 3 different times to download it and it keeps saying it can't be downloaded because of an error
Will NOT start...still broken..Nov 2015 oh well I have an Acer a100  Tegra 2 Android 4.0.3 and the game will not start.  Wait screen and then nothing.       Updates needed.  app claims to work with my tablet...still broken. Too bad...uninstalling. Getting a refund.' would give 12 star...one is too good 
Doesn't work Can't load past the title screen. Says level 1datalevel1 is version 0 this game code is version 32 am on a huawei ascend mate 2. I try to make a new game and it goes to black screen, and when I press back, it says the same thing. Have tried redownloading, doesn't work.
