Use it or lose it  I dislike that if you buy a power up in one level, it comes with 5 uses, I should get to use it 5 times not just until the end of the match
Would be fun but..... Every level freezes. And whatever power up I seem to use goes when the level freezes. Uninstalling. Only had for 2hrs before it started giving problems.
Not for me Less than a minute opening the game I had to close an ad. Wth The levels are brutally easy, monotonous. There's no challenge really. Recommend for younger people that enjoy matching games.
Takes your expensive power ups away after level is completed instead of letting u use them in next level. Game is designed NOT player friendly. Wouldn't pay a penny to this game.Could be a really great game if it didn't cheat by giving every color bird but the one u need. Also lags and glitches horribly. The only game on my phone to do this. Pop up ads in the middle of game play suck as well. Don't bother with this game until they rework it.
Not happy I will tell you that at a certain world it is nearly impossible to beat the levels without having to purchase powerupsmoves. The world and levels with the time bomb birds are set for 3 seconds and the fact that most of the time you are given birds with colors you dont need you lose withing 6 to 9 seconds. Uninstalled is what your game now is
Would be better if all the stupid adds didn't slow the game down oh and if it actually gave you the colors you could at least use rather than wasting 5 birds cuz it won't give you a usable color uninstalling now
Keeps stopping I absolutely love this game, but Unfortunately Bubble Shooter Birds has stopped to make it worse, it takes a life every time it does. Please fix this so I don't have to uninstall and so I can give it 5 stars
Super Fun At first I thought it was too easy like a childs game. Boy was I wrong. It is getting harder and harder and it is very fun. I love it. And I am 56 so there ya go Ha Ok well heres a update. Seems its pritty much riged to make you pay to play. It makes it impossible to win without buying stuff.  Very sad because i was enjoying it till i got past the easy levels they use to hook you. Im taking stars away.
Freezes up ALOT At first I thought it was my phone. After deleting several apps and realized its still messes up. My phone is less than 3 months old and still app foes slow and freezes and sometimes I have to close app. Causing me to lose hearts. Fun when it works but im about to just delete it.
Fun but... Problem with the ads.  Every two or three games an ad pops up which is annoying but when I click to close the screen goes black.  I can hear the game music in the background but have to completely close the game.  It's a continuing problem. I'm probably going to end up deleting it because of the hassle.  A shame because it's a lot of fun.  UPDATE Yeah I'm uninstalling it.  Can't even play it now because the ad pops up every time you go to choose arcade or adventure. Same black screen.
FreezesI'm deleting This app has a lot of problems with freezing. It is annoying to keep having to restart a level. It was very fun other than than that until I got to a point where I have been stuck on the same level for more than 2 weeks because it is impossible to pass without paying money which I refuse to do.
Fun but impossible It would be nice if they gave you the color birds you actually needed.  Spend more time wasting pointless birds that have absolutely no matches on the screen at all.  Specials are too expensive and go away after the level so is a HUGE waste.
2 Many Pops. I've just installed this game and dang I've counted 36 pops in the 10 mins., since I've been playing what's going on if I want to order something I know how to find it, I don't need a reminder every 30secs. C'Mon guys give me a break PLEEZEEEEE 
Holy ads This is an app for ads with a bubble shooter thrown in it. The game will freeze in the middle of playing it to load in another add, then when you complete a level you are forced to have to close another add just to keep playing
Fun game, obnoxious ads One ad is always at the bottom. This game is the worst for popups I've seen yet. Very pricy too. Once I run out of helpers I'll be uninstalling.
