Marshmallow 6.0 update please Please update for android user 6.0 marshmallow n then ill rate 5 star back. Massive stutter on huawei nexus 6pone of the fastest android on market right now
It dont desreve like.. What to happen to this game...I tried downloading additional file and it download upto 31 mb only then the game doesnot open..Do something guys for this..
problem with logged in , i can't entered this game . thats say connection error , i have a good connection n i can play another online game.
FAIL 2015 YEAR IS A FAIL This game is a perfect FAIL ONLY THE RICH WILL SUCCEED. Everything has a timer one hour just to build troops... The events happen every week they use to be obtainable for those of us spending less than 20.00 a month. Not any more they are no longer reachable for last prize. Those who spend 100 a month still do, all awhile raping the average player along side with space ape. FAIL Samurai Siege NOT RECOMMENDED
You get attacked on a daily basis No use in playing you lose honor and resources too fast. Everything costs too much JadeGold Currency to level up quickly enough and even if you do you just lose it to a raid. certain quests require you to have a certain amount of honor to move on and you don't get troops unless you can progress. So all in all bigger players attack you and prevent you from progressing in a big way.
Daily gift shrine timer out of sync Now my gift shrine is announcing collection time,  4 hours before shrine produces.  Oh,  and none of developers' recommendations to improve performance do anything for their server side latency.   All recommendations were tested with no improvement whatsoever.
Revenge option Revenge option is useless. Takes way to long to upgrade, And very costly. Many times when you join a contest you start anywhere between 1k to 2k WP down. Not a fair way to start a contest.
Performance problems Everything takes 3 times as long as it used to a few months ago... Way to go rape ape.
Disappointed  Your rebalance has weaken the troops massively. Its very hard to 3 star bases  its frustrating. Please do some changes. I've rated 5 star and will re rate it again if I see changes. Thank you
