Game won't start I keep getting error marmalade v 6.0.6 323198. I spent 7 dollars on this game and it won't even start up Fix it or give me a refund
Sad face Dudes sima is all about raising your sims having a family like in real life and having a job. All the other sims 3s have families why can't this one
Never starts Some marmalade error, and glint  Idk what it Is but I know its preventing my app to stop. GIVE ME A REFUND
I keep getting a marmalade error code...I spent 7 on this game..you either fix it or refund my money. I have the real game on ps3 any way.....
Doesn't work after install Error Marmalade v6.0.6 323198 Exception occurred in gllnit. This is what the screen states after install on my Samsung Galaxy Note 4, please fix this with an update or refund my purchase. I will then rate the game if I can play it...
NOT HAPPY I paid for this because I thought it I was gonna have more features and options than the freeplay. This paid version is a joke alongside the freeplay You can only sleep, walk around, and go to workon this one. The freeplay is a lot more comprehensive with the feature to raise a family etc. I want my money back I'm better off with the freeplay
Don't like it I don't like it... its not worth the money. I'm a true fan of them sims. This is not a good representation of the sims.
Won't even start I keep getting am error marmalade whenever I open the app and I can't even play, please refund my money or let me play
Can't cook or fish I purchased this game and Every time I try to go to the lake it brings up a message but I can't read it because it closes out the game fast and now it won't let me shake the pots to cook
Error Marmalade v6.0.6 323198 Exception occurred in glinit. On my Samsung Galaxy Note 4 tried moving to SD card, battery pull, uninstall and reinstalled all made no change. I can no longer get a refund so PLEASE FIX THIS
Dude I want to play it but every time I open sims 3 it says, error Marmalade v6.0.6 323198 exception occurred in glInit then I press continue and a minute later it says it's not responding and it closes. I paid for this game and I can't even play it Fix this or tell me what to do
This Sucks  I thought you can have babies like in the Sims free play. WELL NO IT DOESN'T I wanted to make a baby and I can't this needs some more family members
App won't run on moto g 2nd gen Keeps giving error code marmalade v6.0.6323198 exception occurred in gllnit..whatever the heck all that means..either way I uninstalled
Freezes I'm very disappointed in this game I love playing the Sims,but ur freezes up within five minutes of me.playing Needs fixed and you guys are ignoring the issue it's not fair because we PAID for this game
Freezing game I love all sims games but this one just keeps freezing on me then it makes my phone cut off I know it is the app that's the problem because my other apps on my phone does not do this I hope this app get fixed when it do I will rate better
So mad I bought the game  a couple of months ago because I really love the Sims games and I can't even get this one to load I pay for this so it should work please fix it or please refund my money
Marmalade Marmalade error.. Wtf does that mean.  So for 7 I get to play for ten min..  Now what  Refund plzzz
I WAS SO LOOKING FORWARD TO THIS, SO MAD My won't start it says an error or something and I just got it
Not Compatible With GALAXY S4 Not Compatible With GALAXY S4 and I paid for the app it's non refundable and I can't play it at all definitely not recommended for anybody to purchase
Error Paid for this game and can't even play it.  Same error upon opening app The free play is better ... FREE and can play it Please fix this.... So annoying and discourages me from purchasing further apps from your company
Error message Error Marmalade v6.06  Exception occurred in glinit. Cant even go past ea screen..   galaxy s5 user
Boring Its so boring all your Sim does is go to work, waste all your money eating food, and chats to people making no sense. In Sims free play their is like WAY more things you can do . Don't buy this. I wish I read the comments before
I want my money back Too many things wrong. 1. Very little ways to make your sim stand out. Limited hair, clothes and colors. 2. No pets and children 3. I couldnt make me and my husband together, only in different games and still couldnt have them together. 4. I didnt get my money back when I uninstalled. I do not want this anymore  5. Boring. Very boring. Theres no fun in playing this version 
Very frustrated I used to play and loved it, I recently downloaded again and I am getting the loading screen, but a dialog box pops up with the following.. Marmalade v6.0.6 323198 Then the game freezes
Updates please I like this game but it needs more things to do like expand the village and have a family EA needs to fix this and make updates like they do for the Sims free play Needs more updates
Doesn't open Throws a marmalade error for opengllt and hangs on the Sims beginning screen. Wish I could get a refund.
Geeeeeesh I'm uninstalling it, it does not work. I'll find something else. This is crap because I love sims and it would have been cool to have it on my lg g4.
FIX IT PLEASEE The whole reason I bought it and downloaded not was because it was like they had their own little lives and I loved it till I realized they aren't having any kids. What really got me mad was when I found out they don't. Its sad really sad so if you guys don't update so they can have kids I'm going to refund and you will loses all the respect I have for this game. Fix or No money for YOU
Started of good Can't go into town map anymore it gives me a black screen and stays there I paid money for app fix it now Or refund me Thanks I'll give 5 stars when fixed zte majesty 4.1.3 android
