Why is it closing by itself whenever I open it I was able to play it the first time I downloaded and I must say it's an amazing game But please somebody fix this crashing this.. Or if you could tell me why it's happening if I'm the only one going through this .. I really want to play this game
 I wanted to play this game so bad I can't because when I click on a level the train doesn't go plz fix this and what all the others are saying to.make us happy and I you fix I will rate it 5 stars but I rated it 
Didnt work on Samsung Tab2 10.1 Got installed, got title screen, got nothing else, tablet froze. Uninstalling
Fun but freezes a lot After playing for a few minutes, game freezes. You have to close it and restart it. Besides being frustrating, you also lose all your safety bonuses.
I cant play its not even can open I already install also use share its frm other phone but still same its just same nt play nt even loading to play...I lov dumb way1..thts y try install part 2,,,im using samsung galaxy tab 2 10.1...hope u can tell me why,,,
The first game is way better. The lag pretty much ruins all the fun. I have a crapload of free ram and a quadcore proc and still the game doesn't run smoothly, even getting worst in games with multiple taps. Sound seems to just mute by itself for no reason once in a while. Crashes are a common thing. Overall a fun, but not quite finished game.
Doesn't work Blank screen after hitting the play button i really enjoy playing the first part and want to play this one too plz fix then u get 5 stars
Whatsss wrong with it I played this game every day until it was time to update it, now it won't do anything, the train will not move, what going on
Not working After a challenge its stuck on scoreboard.  Cant  continue, go to map or anything else. In some challnges you can tap all you want but nothing happens. Deleted
Bad controls Swiped so hard i got a friction burn. Wasn't fast enough. Same with taps on some levels. Dunno how fast you're supposed to be but don't think it's possible to beat some levels.
