Did not work at all Will charge your card and then you will come back to your car being booted. This app is nothing but a scam. Beware using this app
Moneygrubbers The app is welldesigned and performs its functions as you'd expect. It's ridiculous, however, that you're charged a transaction fee for even extending an existing session. Need to add 10 minutes to make sure you have just enough time Sure, as long as we take our cut. Terrible business practices, creators should be ashamed of themselves.
Worked for a little bit and it stopped sending me notifications. Now I understand that I should be looking at the time on my own, it is just disappointing the one time that I needed a notification for when my meter was going to expire, it didn't send me one. Won't be using this app again.
Crap Worked great a updates ago. Rarely works now. Doesn't know regulations for parking in certain areas.
Can't sign up Application crashes when LastPass tries to put a password in. Won't accept the copy and pasted password that meets the stared requirements.
IN THE END YOU WILL GET A TICKET This App have so much problem with conection and crash all the time. Also if you have more than 1 car the system can make a mistake and put the wrong plate without you noticing, so in the end you will get a ticket of 18... so you better pay at the machine with dollar bill or coins.
What is wrong with the app today First it says no Internet connection. I go online and the site is down. What am I supposed to do. I have no change to feed the meter.
Sign up doesn't work, what's the point When you try to click sign up nothing happens or it says that your internet connection is bad. Well I just downloaded the app, I know the internet works fine. If you try to go to their website to sign up you can't, it also just loads forever. What a scam, don't waste your time downloading it. Better off paying at the meter.
Sucks Don't ever use this application.  It very rarely ever works properly.
No mention of fees Why is there no mention of fees here Even on their website the fee structure is quite confusing.
Buggy app Have issues with zones not allowing for the appropriate time and payment failure issues.
App not working today Huge inconvenience. How am I supposed to park when the app won't even allow you to park.
Sign in doesn't work
App will not work I tried everyday for a week to download this app and this app failed each day.
Sucks The only reason this gets 1 star is because you can't give it 0.  Tried to add time to a session,  the app failed consistently.   No messages,  just died.  Will be deleting and will never use again
How can anyone even use this I added my PayPal account, but there is no way to select it and pay for my parking. I can only link and then unlink. The performance is so shoddy I don't trust this app to not leak my credit card data, so I will definitely not be entering my card data for this app. Been at it my entire commute, almost an hour now. Useless.
Not connecting In the last week the app has become almost unuseable.
Won't let me log in.
If it worked, ya know that'd be nice
Sucks Call and complain to your local government office to remove the app
Signup page wont open.
Can't log in today, from mobile or desktop.  Park Mobile can pay my parking ticket if I get one.
No conformation screen Made a mistake, but didn't get the chance to cancel  instead app blindly charges. BE CAREFUL
App not working The app stopped working. What a scam.  The website isn't working either. I'm so annoyed.
A pain Will not login with my phone Google ID.  Will not let me use the built in pay apps on the phone,  Android pay nor Google Wallet.  Plan on spending 10 minutes setting it up just so you can park.  Why do I need such a secure login Is someone going to steal my phone and try to park for free... Not worth it.  Horrible. Why can't it remember me for later
This stupid app Caused me to have to pay a 30 ticket. NOT CONVENIENT.
