Something's wrong Why do we have to bye everything except the Popsicle thingy with 3 fruits and 3 juices Another reason is why when we make stuff the smurfs instead of them eating the thing they wanted we eat it I'm not being mean I'm saying can you please fix it. Don't worry I still kinda like it The food looks so yummy
Hated it  uninstalling U have 2 pay 2 unlock all the ingredients except the 1st 1 they let u do free but thats it
TO MANY THINGS THAT YOU HAVE TO BUY I HATE THIS IT IS STUPID YOU HAVE TO BUY MOST OF THE THINGS ITS STUPID NOT WROTH MY TIME SO UNINNESTALING
Let the ones that are in the order  fir surfbarry  ice pops free.Im starting to hate the one that crated this app.but I like the hello kitty nail polish  app.
Too expensive Plus they're using fake ratings It's true. You're basically going to have to unlock buy over half the items to use to include kitchen tools, toppings, food, etc. This is just a quick get rich scheme, foh. UNINSTALL
Not really free Super restricted, only allows access to one item fruit pop, and even then most ingredients require purchase. Not worth wasting your time on.
Well hmm I was enjoying this game until i went to unlock stuff, I'm not paying that much money to unlock it... nope, uninstalled
Terrible things I would not be my favorite game they should give u more levels please fix or minus one personu only do pops and so boring and nothing they want u to buy stuff to beet the level again I hope this message reaches them before they download a messed up gameI'll give them 10 days but if they don't minus me forever
Please make it better It would be better if you get more stuff for free with out buying it even if it is one of the cakes
MONEY Buttttt.....WHY DO U HAVE TO BUY STUFF FOR REAL MONEYU SHOULD NOT PLAY THIS RUBBISH
Horrible At first it was not bad until l have to pay for almost EVERYTHING What a waste of money.
 Why do you have to buy everything why can't you just well play play with all of them without paying
0 stars This game is crap, go find a new career if u can
Its boring I can't even do more than one recipie and you have to buy them
I love it but I play this and all is locked if you want to bake you buy
YOU HAVE TO BUY EVERYTHNG   But it would be a better game if you did not have to buy everything
It's a studio that's hungry for peoples money. It's a con
I dont want to give a star i only want to say See every one do not dowload it there only one to make juice and the is all dollars
Expensive You can only make 1 thing you have to buy the rest and even that's not cheap.
