Why would the back button take me all the way out of the app Then I need to restart.  And why would you place the tiny buttons to offer a draw next to the back button on the phone. No thought put into the simple user based stuff
Dude, the ads kill it for me I like it. The checkers move pretty fast.but I can't deal with the ads after every match.
It's alright Everything is sized smaller than it could be. The ads are long and unskippable, and there are plenty of them. Could be much better. EDIT The rank filters don't always work. I am level 3 or 4 and just played against a level 34 even though I checked the play against same rank option. Played against a 15 or 23 earlier today too, but I beat him so it's okay.
Tokens, really Why the tokens The top checkers games don't use them so why do you The game is great, but screwed up by the need to accumulate tokens to gain access to all of the game types. Get rid of that and I will change my review to 5 stars and better comments.
The one player game is far too easy. The online version is total bullshit with pieces moving the length of the board in one go. I know it's free and I shouldn't complain too much but I'd rather pay and have something decent.
Looked like a great game Nice graphics, etc. BUT Requires Google update and is adware intensive. Thank but no thanks.
Needs severe points penalty for people who leave early. Played this for months now. But game is ruined on network play by people who leave the game early. 12 games in a row this has happened now. Some kind of time  points ban should be put in place for people who leave early.
Good...... Person can just keep playing without accepting draw and it never stops. I can't play all day. Fix this and I give it 5.
Please Fix I want to buy this app, when I hit purchase, it doesn't let me, I will rate this app to 5 stars...looks really awesome
Doesn't let me play First it tries to convince me that my google play is outdate, then it tries to get me to download something else before I can play.
The thing thats annoying is the easy level is too easy and the seasoed and the other levels are too hard and its just so annoying because it doesn't matter what you do the computer just goes back and forward constantly until you have no choice but to lose on the other levels except for newbie level so please fix it
Vs computer Started playing against the computer and I had to try 3 different times in secession jest to take the same piece. There is a bug in the software or it's a bad loser.
Requires pay info I have nephews that like to play and they always push buttons they're not suppose to so having in app purchases by accident is more likely
Anaysia I love it, but I just got backsword jump that is not how you play
