Updated nexus player, log back into Google games, nothing Megalodon and 135k in coins about to unlock dunk Not happy Also the cloud save check box does not even show up on Android TV which is where I lost my game. Nexus Player... By the way the game says cloud save available under the description on Android TV, but confirmed with FGOL support it does not support it. Recent update 11915 still no support for cloud saving on Android TV.
Great game but needs cloud save fixed Along with ability to restore previous purchases Great game love it. Just wish it would backup to the cloud and then be able to download to a new phone properly.  I was almost to megalodon then bought a new phone and had to start over. Then got back up to almost a great white and now here I am starting all over again.  Support says just keep turning it on and off and it'll load.  Well that hasn't worked been trying that for almost a week now.
Guys every time I try to play with big daddy and all the other sharks it always freezes so basically I can never play this best game ever again
Ab This game SUCKS don't download it I've already had to create three a counts because every time I got to the megolodon and I stopped playing as aften my whole a count was deleted if the creaters are reading please update this problem and give my back my stuff
I played the game About to get the big daddy when I could not play the game I saved it on Google and uninstalled but the game didn't work still AND I lost the megalodon
The shark and practically all of the fish and boats are black like shadows. Tried to uninstall thinking the update or the update on the tablet forced the video card to act up. But no, didn't work and for some reason my Google didn't even save progress. So disappointed right now with this app.
Colourless shark and fishes literally Can't see sharks, fishes and lower part of the oceans colour no more on my android tablet , after recent update 4 days ago. Please fix so I give this game the 5 star it deserveD.
THE LAST UPDATE I had a wonderful and fun time playing this game until the last update which practically ruined everything... The game fail the start, it just won't play, hence the 1  rating and y does the sharks cost so much though Damn
PLEASE FIX I really love this game,the problem is when loading it freezes.it needs to be fixed I want a new update And please reply Please fix. All my friends can play it but mine i cant, i cant even borrow theirs. And their teasing me that i cant play it.TT i will wait till you reply.and give u 5 stars when you fix it.
Does not work I thought this game would be really good so I got it, and when I got into the app and it got onto the wooden loading screen and ur just stopped. Please fix.
NO CLOUD SAVE I am infuriated that I can't load up my GW,This is very dumb I had a GW I am really upset,it took me months to earn this,and when I go back a year later,it's all flushed down the toilet.Thanks FGOL.
New update fails on Galaxy Tab 4 Error18, error 497, error 427. Which does not lead me anywhere as Google says diddly about it. Even tried all their fixes to no avail. I have enough space on both the SD card  internal. Crossy Road gave the same errors though I deleted it  now cant get it back. Now my Galaxy Tab 10.1 runs new update fine. Does FGOL not like 4.4.2
Can't open it This USED to be my favorite game. Ever since the last update, I can't even get on and when it doesn't crash, it stops loading. And if I get through that, the game lockes up once the I start to play it and then crashes. I will give it 5 stars when if the problem is fixed
FIX cloud save Wonderful game but it's worthless since cloud save doesn't works and all the money and time spent will be wasted if you change device
Sucks Now I won't be wasting my time with this game anymore. It was very cool until it stopped working and froze. Had to reinstall and lost all progress because the latest update sucks and ruined a great game. Stop trying to fix what ain't broken.
Wont work The cloud thingy on the top right is blank. Can't sign in to my Google. Will change my rating to 5 stars when it's fixed.
I have a problem I don't have pirate ship death bomb  crab layer the guy riding a shark and the shark guy and people in cages.
Won't Load It Loads when you tap start. But after several seconds, the Loading icon stops spinning and it won't load at all...  Would rate 5 stars if I can play it without crash.
Loading It is originally a good game,but after the update,I can't seem to play it anymore,I've unlocked Mr snappy and cool stuff like fireworks,jet pack and other stuff.whenever I play,it can't take me into the sea.
Save issue So I did the update.    Had to redo all of my efforts and just start over from when the cloud didn't save.  Still having save issues.  And it still doesn't save.   And can't play multi player.   I'm very very disappointed.          I had almost all sharks.
Can't seem to load the game. I wait for the bloody game load but just doesn't load and the only thing I hear are the fans spinning, nothing to display
