Kindly fix it After updating this app it is not opening ...it shows u may not purchased this app...but I had already been playing this game on my phone from a long time
1.functionality is wrong completedly.  Start the gameselect world cupIndia vs pakistan Select overs as 20 Suppose india is batting play sometime score runsnow exit the game  Again start the game Now you will see the PAkistan is batting with same score. This is really frustating.   2.When I score above 280 to 282 for every run there appears a popup like we get after completing when we completed fifty or century.  3.while playing when 7 th or 8 th wicket falls the non striker is displayed out,..
WTF update cant give 0  Lots of bugs cant play properly. after the match game is crashing down can't open again and incorrect information of  the players and playing team improve the quality please and slove the issue as soon as possible now i can't mute music and sound it's pathetic
UNREAL CRICKET NOTHING IS REALISTIC IN THIS GAME DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT IS A WASTE OF SPACE.                                                  LOADS OF GLITCHES AND UNREAL GAMEPLAY. YOU WILL GET CONFUSED WHETHER YOU ARE PLAYING A GAME OR WATCHING AD FILMS SOOOOO MANY ADS THAT CANNOT BE SKIPPED REALLY PATHETIC GAME
Toooooooo many ads Too many ads continue to irritate for 30seconds cannot skip them and that too almost after every ball. Becoming impossible to play the game
Infinix hot note pro FAKE GAME NOT WORK
Ads So many damn ads..it makes you force to watch a full 30 sec ad. U can't even press the escape button and avoid the ad. Imagine.disgusting.do not waste your time.could have been such a good game to enjoy.
I can not play aromatic exist  this at fast fix it than I rate you
Useless. Constantly freezes, crashes and there are way too many ads. Needs a lot of work Uninstalled.
can't play game exits while loading to main screen n the screen size has been reduced in width
Adverts The game play is really good with a few bugs. Saying that, video adverts with no option to close it is very irritating. I do agree it is a revenue model for you, but at the same time chances of losing customers is a possibility.
Cant play it wont stay open for.more then 20 sec So frustrating keeps  closing due.to unknown error
Bad update Unable to mute sound .commentary . Too much ads . Lost 4 stars for it . I did mistake by updating . How to get to old version 
Some cricket between many ads I thought I downloaded a game of cricket, but never thought it would be a a bundle of ads. The ads run for 30 seconds and can't interrupt them. Every time I pause, the ad starts, again uninterruptable
The game is not opening after update saying You do not purchase the game. Help out.
Automatically stops Not good....it stops automatically in 1015 minutes.....even my phone has 2gb ram ...then also it stops working
Not bad It's too easy. Test cricket is the best.
Why does my phone show download failed because resources are not available.It is showing this for every nautilus app
Sucks.. I unlocked th 2020 cup..nd next time when i opened it..it was saying that 2020 is locked...nd my coins were missing..th game sucks..
about this game update is worst ... can't play a single match 
