Random If I choose to play random,  they pick people who aren't necessarily playing.  Use up my coins for games no one plays . Recently won't even open 9 times out if 10. Even after uninstalling and reinstalling.
Money grubbers It's content ly in your face to give them cash and you only get to play like 3 games... junk
Not everyone likes facebook 5 stars if you give another way to log in like email or g or Twitter or something else.
Needs many improvements  Every time you go back to the game, you have to waste your accumulated coins to play new players and the majority of the games you already have going never get finished because the people don't come back to finish the game. There should be a time limit where the other person has to automatically forfeit after a certain amount of time Also, not everyone uses Facebook. So if you don't have an account you can't even upload a picture. Waste of what could be a fun game
STUPID All it does is ask you to buy coins if you're not careful you will push buy and charge to your account, pop up ads like in between every question and takes 30 coins every time you play a round What's the point. Questions are good.... But doesn't save the experience. I'm deleting.
Fun...But Final Round too hard The first two rounds are fun, but it's such a bummer when you get to the final round. I have lost on the first question EVERY SINGLE TIME I make it there....which has had to been at least 30 times...they make it too hard so that your inclined to pay something to get further....that's too bad.
Stole my money There was a pop up saying for 4.99 I would get 1000 coins...special offer...I only got less then 200...total rip off...I want my money back...thieves
Fun at first This was a good game for the first couple of days. Questions were challenging, which is a good thing. Somewhat annoying waiting for more coins. After a couple of days every time I tried to play I got a message that there was no Internet connection, even though I had a strong connection. Gave up and uninstalled.
Epitome of Freemium BS gaming What a garbage app everything is based on coins, it has you select your bonus tricking you into thinking that the game is actually giving you something so when you select the blank space, it refers you to a 1.99 in app purchase. On top of that you can't even play a round of the game without depleting your coins it's 30 coins just to play and if you don't have enough to pick a life line you can't even start the round. UTTER CRAP
Annoying Ad freaks and coins needed to be bought after 3 games to replay or u wait 10 hrs for 1 turn..garbage.. playstore should trash this junk
It's a scam I enjoyed playing the first round. The second round was misleading as it said choose your prize now. I kept getting 99 cents, unaware it was being deducted from my bank account. So I basically just paid 13 for a game I had only played for five minutes. Utter bull. I'm uninstalling now. This is just a cheap trick to exploit unassuming bored people.
I liked it until. .... Well game was ok until I purchased 1000 coins and only received 250 so I guess it's a loss cuz don't look like there is any support or people working to resolve issues.  Starting to believe it's a scam so I'll be uninstalling thanks for nothing.
Excited to play but after I sent the first round, I can't get the second round to load. It says download show for however long I keep it open. Re installing in hopes it gets fixed.
