Paid but doesnt work I paid for the upgraded version and there is no Start or Play button to begin playing. I see spongebob on my screen but no way to start game. I've emailed developer for a refund but haven't heard back. Be warned that buying the game doesn't unlock all levels, only a few. Somehow the buttons to spend more money work but no buttons to actually play what I already paid for.  416 three months later and still no refund or response from developer.
First its fun but nows a prob I tried to coutine the game but it doesn't work I tap EVERYTHING nothing works plz fix so I can rate 5 stars
Wat game is that It is just toching the places to take orders and the food to the rite rables and picking ppl up to the rite amount of chares and colors heh and also u gota upgrade to get every restarant and the 3 levels in the krusty krab and guess wat UPGRADING COSTS REAL MONEY But to be truthfull i d like it a bit at the start now i think its blugh argh and booorriing
its fun but..... they want u 2 buy the levels n i dont want 2 please make this game BUT make it that u can pay spongbob money thats in the game
Could not download due to an error.... Try to download several times but still fail... Please fix
Why does it cost money Can't you gamer people make something fun for free once in a while I was really excited to play bc I thought it was free, but nope. Of course we can only have five levels of the game. Should of guessed.
No fair their greedy This game is weird like they want us to pay for  for the dang levels like aren't they making enough money with the spongebob shows like the heck like wat ever company this is let them know this is worthless and they r greedy
Can't Open would love to play the game but can only get Nickelodeon and a advertisement so will be forced to uninstall  hopefully soon will be able to install and play then will cahnge this review
Play buttton The play button wouldn't play and if I can't play I hate it so fix it and I will rate 5 stars and install it again.
Deserves 0 stars Keeps crashing. Glad I didn't spend money to upgrade.
It's was fun while it lasted. Really fun game. Good graphics. Too bad you can only play so many levels before they make you to pay to continue. I get that your out to make money, but let people play and have level addons for purchase as an option. If i didnt have to pay to continue, I'd give it 5 stars. Alas, i'm only giving it 2 and uninstalling.
Rude I just downloaded this so I could rate it and add a comment I'm not playing it cuz of all the other comments. Any ways the reason I wrote rude was cuz did u know in 1 of their eps sponge Bob said to Garry  don't drop the soap  if u don't know what that means search it up and on an other episode Patrick and sponge Bob asked Mr crabs or as I like to call him Mr craps, if he wanted to raid a girl undies drawer that's right a girls undies drawer. I wonder why 20 year olds watch this stuff
Worked until I PAID to upgrade Game worked fine and then I PAID to upgrade and now I cannot play at all. This is ridiculous, seeing as how I'm not the only one with this issue. Fix it or refund my money and I will revise this review. Also, if you know there's a problem it's pretty disappointing that you continue to take money when the app doesn't work
This game takes forever to download i would not recommend this game for people who have anger issues So there.
I didnt get my jelly gt I paid for the 4.99 jelly package and never received it. I also never got a response when I emailed them about it.
