The paying  sht   its too expensive for me u know 4.99 I'm only 3 ..... 13  
Disappointed Looks like it would be super cute for my 4 year old to play with, except that it doesn't work   I open it up and nothing happens  I can't click on anything, nothing works  
In game advertisements How are they going to have in game advertisements in a children's game I hate it hate it. Those little fingers wiggling on the screen and the designers are going to put another thing to mess up their play time No thank u
Wat happened to the money spent I paid to unlock all and was able to play it till recently. Do u mean there is expiry for the paid app Are u able to rectify
Need to do this please Could you please unlock all the levels for me as I'm really keen on care bears and I really want this game to play. My family can't afford to pay for this. Ps do it for me please
Boo The kids love it but almost all levels are locked. Why are adult games never locked but kids games are. I bet the developers dont gave kids. Have they ever seen a kid that wants to play something but the parents can't afford to pay to unlock it. Kids games should be free and unlocked.
It is nice but all are locked only three are unlocked I hope so that you all are poor so you kept the cost of game
this game is so boring and no more level are unlock only 3 games are unlock please don't play this game... SOOO BOROING
Not free None of the levels were unlocked. The game is free to download,  but you apparently have to pay to get to any of the content. The description is misleading,  and that is being charitable.
Doesn't do anything I paid to open all the world's and now it doesn't work 
Wtf I can get the game to go into a video game after I click on a little Care Bears house like 25 thousand times and then after all of that you played the same little game over and over and over needs more in adventure uninstalled
I bought the 7.99 package for my kid and its still not umlocked. Can I get away to contact customer support
Doesn't work for me When ever I try to play it won't do anything
Can't even play Free download means look at our artwork. I clicked on everything, which didn't do a thing.  I think you can only play anything if you pay. SKIP THIS APP
Tabtales Stole From Little Children. Paid for content for our educational program. Content did NOT unlock. Sent correspondence and have yet to receive a response nor has content unlocked. Per app reviews this appears to be a known problem. I will not recommend Tabtales anymore until this issue is resolved. Very frustrated, heartbroken children.
Wheres the unlocked content I unlocked through kindle and play store. Kindle still works but according to the play store tablet I bought the extra content but we can't play it. Furious Please sort.
I hate it Your apps you just want money u ruthless people u charge everthing to 9.99u did it because you know kids will ask there parent to buy it kids do not install
Very poor with purchase options that are setup so that a young child will accidently purchase everything.
Hate it It's fun but I hate when things are locked and you have to pay for it with a credit card if I was you I wouldn't download this game
Worst game I've seen Boring and not cool it's for babies
Can not get to load for my child
Doesn't play Nothing opens galaxy tab 4
