I don't recommend it It's not what it looks like, you can only take pictures with it, and there are WAY too many ads
WAY TOO MANY ADS I swear every tap gives you an advertisement...  Not just that but they want too any permissions on your device when they only need camera access...
I hate this game I really dont even want to give it 1 star you dont really see anything but it is a waist of you time but i dont like it and to many ads
Sabse gattiya app duniya Ka sabse bekar app h bhaiyo Isko koi download mat karna sabse  gattiya aapvh I HATED IT
Bakwas They say it's a hologram in that pic and when we open the app nothing happen .mahenat wasted
Junk APP U have a add every single time u TAP on da scree,this APP n nothing is better nothing , Dont install
Bhakvas mad game I hated it's very madgame holograms can not come out of phone
Hated it Mujhe yeh app bilkul bhi pasand nahi plezzz Koi bhi download mat karna
It is not 3D This is all they want to play pranks with us . There is no 3D effect in this app . We just have to take pictures of the Background in this. This is all nonsensce . I hate this app I am gonna uninstall it
U lied When you see the pictures you think something is going to pop out it makes you take a picture
sucks do not install this app is trash dont even waste your time
Worst game I ever play my input it's not even like a cool fun hologram it just like a scam to make you play this game .
Stucks It has toooooooooooooooooooooooooooo maney adds in it don't even work hate it 
I hated it its terrible it doesn't even really show I don't even get it I HATE IT
Uninstall This App says Oops. Old version and send you to other App. When you download another App, that say Oops Error. Please report.
Sucks Doesn't work
JUNK Literally junk. Nothing about it is like a hologram. Please dont waste your time with this.
I no I focking hated it tooooooooooooo Fock you who ever made this
    . 
Sarah This is junk I tried it on like objects in my house half of the stuff had no bones like wtf
Every time I tried to use this app it closed
