I like the game but... It ripped me off.made it to lvl 10 and had almost all you could get per lvl10.Bought the starter pack and now its all gone.played it for 2 days and signed into both google play and fb and now all my progress is gone...i want it fixed or my money back.....ps.its a solid 4star game if not for the reset.ill rate higher if it gets fixed.if not ill be back to update so people will be able to know and beware.
Problem with cash in later waves I have found that if I destroy baloons off stage or when there is so many on the screen, I do not get cash for many of the kills, which makes it impossible to make it past latter rounds. Level 26 had over 4 mobs and almost all ceramics but at the end of the wave, I only got 200 ish cash.
Got boring quickly I've been playing it for like two months and now it is useless. I'm gonna delete it and use the space to get a less boring game.
loved it, now i hate it so i started playing territory event and had wifi but when i became the winner of the territory i lost my wifi connection and my hold on the territory as well.really disappointed and angry.can't it save to the device or somethingnow i'm glad i never spent cash on this game.
Good game, rip off monkey knowledge packs I cannot give you any more than 2 stars till you stop charging 1000s for making my monkey better. Just ridiculous.
Loved it but now very disappointed Lost my account which I paid to play and was at a very high level  because a car crash could not recover my account just restarted playing and all my data just disappeared
Great fun but ads and A couple months of progress got reset for no reason as far as I'm aware. Its very confusing and may be a problem on my part because I still have the achievements from the game from my previous save but no sign of that particular save.
Doesn't allow me to play For some reason the app won't go past the loading screen saying I don't have valid WiFi when I have full bars
Lost progress I deleted the game for a while cuz I was bored. I downloaded it today and now I can't get any of my progress back  I tried every thing. Signing in to google play, Facebook, it won't work. Someone please give me help
Really fun game... But why on earth won't it hide soft keys Not everyone has a Samsung. And the bloontoian attack thing is flawed. Every attack I send, I win. Every attack I receive, I lose. Obviously the offensive side of these attacks is way too strong. FYI, I'm on level 22.
Crashes This is an awesome game but every time I play this game crashes. Get a text message, crash. Phone call, crash. Turn my phone screen, crash. Sneeze, crash. Please fix this so I can finish past level 10
Decoratively Tedious I am lvl 21, I love the game very much and decided to finally decorate my city with the surplus of money I make in the game.  I hate that you cannot move multiple items at once, I wish there were an easier way to select objects to move such as the fences, it is very tedious to move them around, most of them are practically impossible for me to pick up.  I would love to rate this five stars but this is quite a hassle.
Good game RUINED by error I have been playing this game quite a bit recently and have enjoyed it. Today, upon opening the app, it had reverted to the tutorial with all of my save data DELETED. This includes a purchase I made LAST NIGHT. Unacceptable error has made this game pointless for me to play, as well as cost me 5. Will update review if I recieve word from developers.
Loading saves Overall an awesome game. But it isn't allowing me to load my old city on my new phone. Stuck at level 1 when I was at 24. NEEDS a better way to load saves.
