Wont work with my 2016 Honda Accord I know this is just the start but Google has got to do a lot more with making the hopefully awesome service work well not only with a few but with most phones and compatible stock car stereos or aftermarket stereos
Still not compatible with LG V10 or G3 The update hasn't changed anything. It worked fairly well on my Samsung, but now that I have the v10 it doesn't work at all. Please update again.
New update locks up Galaxy S6 Used to work fine. Locks up and screen goes black except menu bar at bottom. Only displays contacts up to letter N. Locks up every time. While your fixing the above...please integrate Pandora. Going back to previous version until fixed.
Feed back Dear Google.  This is risky product.  When people use phones in their cars they are distracted mostly by navigating menus and small buttons.  I notice that so far you have kept these in Android Auto.  I suggest you either make these very big, make them tactile or remove them and focus on voice controls.  One idea is to not enable a touch screen option, sounds like a backwards step but it would force people to use voice search.  Call me for more feed back. 
Audi A4  Android Auto is crap Just connected my Edge 6 to my new Audi A4.. it looks very tacky, outdated and isn't user friendly... however with the IPhone it's absolutely awesome Android definitely needs to work on  this, otherwise I can see a lot of people ditching android for Apple
Latest update has broken ltlt gtgt buttons The latest update 24112015 has broken the skip track buttons. I not get a noentry sign when trying to skip using the Pioneer buttons or the steering wheel controls. Please fix ASAP Pioneer AVIC F70 DAB  HTC One M9
Does not work Have a 2016 Jetta and Galaxy S6 Edge. Connects and says no compatible apps. ..
Doesn't work Doesn't work with my LG g4.  When I got it to work with my old phone I saw no benefit to using it over the stock Hyundai Sonata entertainment and Navigation system.  Apps too limited.  The only benefit I could see is of you needed to constantly reply to texts while driving.
Audio is extremely low I like auto, but I can hardly hear my music the audio is so low. I have a note 4, and I've tried turning up every volume option on my phone
Sounds like a good driving app... Actually needs a compatible car and audio system, booooooo
Does not work with LG V10. Android auto worked perfectly with my modded LG G2.  I recently upgraded to the LG V10, my phone doesn't even try to connect via USB to my car.
Almost Awesome Voice recognition  google now is great. However, you can only select the most recent few songs  artists and a few playlists.  You basically lose all functionality on your phone while plugged in and connected to Android Auto.  I'm sure the development team decided this was safer or intended it to drive the user to use voice commands more often, if you're driving with the windows down you're basically SOL.
Galaxy Note 5. Doesn't work with the galaxy note 5 on the 2016 chevy colorado's
