Bad update The update will not let me get free tokens anymore and I lost a lot of my tokens after updating when I haven't used them. I have an android galaxy s5
Not fun. Just plain boring You lose like 90 percent of the time just so you constantly lose more chips than you win to keep you buying them and you constantly lose its really not even worth.taking up the space on your phone
Junk Don't waste your time, I just played several games in a row, every single time, I lose all of the big amounts, never a small amount. The game is rigged, trust me, you won't win.
How am I supposed to play if you don't give any chips to play I played twice since I downloaded this game I love the game but if you don't give chips, I will uninstall
Furious Keep losing my tokens. Game was fun until you crashed on me twice and i lost over 600 tokens
Keep losing tokens I've set up multiple games now and the app went down and I've lost the token I used for the games. When I try to play it wants you to use more tokens. That needs to be fixed or our tokens need to be given back if we didn't get to play.
Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Too many advertising ads, before you can even play....too many things to do before you can even play.
Really I don't understand why you have to have tokens to play the game. I just want a game where I can play it as much as I want..
Game is now broken It used to work fine, I played it at work during my lunch break , it was a nice little game of luck to pass the time but recently it is now unplayable. You might be able to make it out of the first round, but then while you asked to choose more cases the game just freezes up and no matter how many times you touch the cases nothing happens.
It's not fun to play a game that takes all your large amounts from the very beginning every time. This game sucks more than a hooker on dollar day. I come back once in a while just to give the benefit of doubt but this game sucks even more you are crooks and deceivers.
Can't pick after first round I can't pick a case after I turn down the first offer. Uninstall...
Rip off It cost more tokens to play then it actually pays out. I played 5 games in a row and beat the banker and won the game every time. But it only pays you half the tokens you used to play the round. Such a rip off. I am not paying money for an unfair game.
Not all that.. can't keep any tokens and can't win at all
