Not what I wanted Ok so I downloaded this app and when I opened it the calibration was off by a lot And i couldn't see the whole screen. Not good for my android. Please make an upgrade for android. Thank u
Very bad....... Not fair my horse keeps LOSING This game is nothing to me I might as well take another game rather than this dumb game. Uninstalling NOW And i cant believe people like this dumb game
Not even worth the time to download You don't do anything but bet and watch the horses race.....boring Uninstalling.
Waste of time I've helped train race horses...and betting on horses in real life is comprised of multiple variances. This game is nothing more than a random winning chosen by the program. There is no strategy in it...if you like horse racing, you'll hate this game. Deleting it now...
Wonderful but boring I kind a like this game but it is boring and if you lose you will lost money and its hard to pick the right horse
Hate it You should not get it you can't even race and I give this app 1 star. I don't know how the other people love it but I am telling you don't get it. Total waste of time
5 words 5 words Who the hell are u This should be banned coz it's sooooooooooo bad Who the he'll does the maker think heshe is 100 waste of storage, 0 worth installing All the people out there who give this a good rating, I have a message for u guys... WHAT THE HELL ARE U THINKING U should be banned. All the people out there who think this is a  P game, another message u r 100 clever and I wish u a good life  a purr from my cute cat 
Worst game I have ever played in my life wast  of my time I never want to play this game ever again its the worst game I have ever played in my whole life wast  of my time downloading it and playing it It describes this game as awsome I describe it as horable  never want to download or play it again it sucks it discusts me so much never want to download, play, or see it again gt hate it so much gtI'm uninstalling the game I never want to see it EVER AGAIN HATE IT gt
Worst game ever need a better game dora is a better than this game Worst game ever need a better game dora is better than this game
So bad This is a shining example of how to apply no effort to making a game. The results is something so poor it's bad value even when it's free.
Full version wont install. Im happy to pay for the full version, but i cant Your lose not mine I'll give my money to someone else.
Very bad game in the world     hate it Dnt play this game it is very bad when I download it in my Iphone cant say soooo bad game
Nooo the whole game is bigger than my fone. that means that i can't play cos the stupid people that made this game made sure that the words don't fit on the screen. if u have Samsung mini don't get this game. and i thought it would be good. NoOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
WARNING DON'T GET THIS GAME. I wanted to get on a horse and race Not place a giant amount of money to watch stupid horses race
Sorry Its shows bigger image then my mobile screen hope u fix the problem im my samsung galaxy 5
Betrayed  Idiot selfish donkey  Coko hate this game
