Sucks What are these Foreign foods I can't get off of level one, and I am a definite foodie. This was the worst game ever.
Rubbish When I clicked to play the game it doesn't say anything it is just a blank page. Please fix this game
Doesnt work Doesn't work samsung galaxy tab3
No levels The levels aren't loading so i cant play the game. Its just so stupid
Waist of time You can't guess if the correct letters are not there. Something as simple as Coke Cola. Doesn't even have a letter k
It doesn't even work so this game is fg rubbish
This is what  I think It dosent even let me play It comes up black I wait then  nothing  and I relly wanted to play
Suck A Game   Yep don't even bother dwn loading this game and to the english ppl saying this is just a game for Americans is RUBBISH because there's things on here that's NOT American items or place So i give 0 stars and uninstalling this game...TY and have a greeaattt Daaay  
Um... So I'm on stage 1, and I tap on the McDonald's sign, then it shows a KFC sign. I'm loving the magic of this game where one picture changes into something irrelevant to what I just pressed. On a side note, I'm pretty sure I can't make the word McDonald with the use of characters A, A, A vice versa. In all seriousness though, this game looked good until I played it. Please fix and I'll reconsider the rating. Thanks 
I would give this app no stars if I could It was so horrible. You didn't even get to tap the start button and if you were to play it always popped up commercials and stuff at the bottom of the screen never download this game and go waste your space somewhere else
WTF It takes forever to install. ..i have sg4, i know it isnt my phone....Dont like it when you skip to the ones you  know and back track it forces you to reenter the ones you skipped to...IT MUST BE ANSWERED IN ORDER, THEN WONT LET YOU MOVE TO THE NEXT LEVEL UNTIL ALL 20 ARE ANSWERED..UNINSTALLED.
Rubbish It just stayed blank too i waited for ages
Its totally a waste if time it took from 930pm 1000pm to download and gets very very hard
Where do yall shop I've never seen half these items
Unknown The foods armt known foods and I was only on level 1
Guess that food It takes to long to download
Rubbish don't waste your time as it's American products also so us English haven't a chance
Everytime I play it just give me a white screen
Didn't like it It took me out of it so many times on my phone its dumb so I just deleted it
Its fun but complicating I like how u have people guess the food but maybe make it less harder
