Great, but too many glitches I love the game, but with new update I can't change my avatar and when there is a happy hour for an item off of the wheel, the items I have saved go away. I can't view ads any more to get free dollars, that freezes the game. Level 2 won't pull up so I can earn platinum badges. When i win unlimited life on the wheel i never get it. Please fix glitches for better rating. How do I get my in game id
I purchased cash but you didnt add the cash yet you took my credit. Can you please solve this problem soon
It was really good untill... Just did update for 11242015....not impressed. Update did nothing to fix problem. Still taking my energy and not allowing me to play the scene. Ubisoft needs to get on the ball and fix the issue.
The game is ok but they keep making updates that make it incompatible for my tablets.  They need to fix it and leave well enough alone
Such BS First complaint is if you don't play with friends with Facebook you won't play very fast, second scenes cost way to much energy and are insane to get stars to make progress, third devs really want your money, everything aside from stupid avatar props is bought with there bucks no bucks are rewarded for leveling and you start with 0 the only way to get them is to pay money no free options for them like most games have now. It might be fun puzzle game if not for these things.
Hate the update... After the update, it has destroyed the screen's clarity n coloured spots are coming in the images. Plus now i am not able to get coins in return of combos etc gifts i get from spinning wheel.. either reverse the update or allow me to restore factory product... fix it. N next time if u bring any update, pls make sure it only adds new features n doesnt end up any.
Love it but Sucks that the energy gets used up so fast and takes awhile to regain. Other than that I love game  newest update makes it crash upon opening..so now I cant play
Hated this game...... I actually got a star but when I want to examine the victim body or things.....It says u don't have stars.... really waste of time. ....and the picture quality is worst... ads are popping up all the time ....... and too it freezes every time....really a worst game
The start screenmenu table All it does is  point to the objective box I click slide touch everything to make it start nun happens can someone please help on this
Great concept but rarely works Loved this game but now I spend more time trying to get it to work than actually playing. Bummed out.
Can't even try it out because its crashing all the time...
Everytime I open any case it asks me to download the latest content... . I mean its OK sumtines BT nt always...really annoying....  despite of a very effective net connection it doesn't download the latest content...
Crash  burn Before it even opens it says unfortunately csi has stopped.. wtf I just reinstalled this app on 1111 1112 I go to play  get error message. Fix it
Rotation Tablet is set to rotate but the game won't rotate so I am unable to play CSI...please fix this
Enjoyed playing it but how come i cannot move on to the next episode. It keeps on telling me to finish the other episodes and collect stars. In the 1st place, you will be able to play the next episode if you were able to resolve previous level and collected the required stars. So what other episodes are you referring to Reply ASAP. Thank you.
Not replinishing energy like it should. Got off for a few hours but only had 7 energy when I got back on it. Only had 14 when I woke up...
