Issues I just paid for and downloaded this game i have finished the first quest and right as i am going to start the next quest my the game returns me to my home screen. please fix the issues or refund my money
Controller Great game but a little hard without the ability to use a controller. The game doesn't load if I have a ps4 control connected
Controller wont work Purchased this due to the fact it said it supported xbox 360 controller the game asks me if I want to use controller then it freezes either fix or refund please
Does not work with shield controller Bought this to play on my shield tablet based on it saying it supported controllers, but it hangs on the home screen when controller is enabled. Refund please.
MOGA NOT WORKING I got this game esspesialy to use with my moga BUT IT IS NOT WORKIG I HAVE PAID FOR THIS APP NOW AN AM FURIOUS THAT I HAVE BEEN CONNED LIKE THIS FIX IT 
Problems freezing and loading It looks like a good game but I can't even play it . Every time I go to play it, it freezes at the  powered by unity load up screen . Please fix it. I just paid money for this game. And I'd like to play it. I'd like for you guys to fix it but if you don't I want a refund of my money
Force closeing Great game....if it would stay open. It also needs a defend button instead of holding the attack button.
It sucks Game is fun and i liked it before it started to kick me out. The game developer have not responded my request to fix it or refund my money. I feel like i chuck ten dollar bill to the toilet and flush it.
Disapointed Such a shame I bought this to play a good rpg with my new moga pro. It shouldn't be advertised as having moga support when it DOESN'T Tried restarting several times with no change. Tutorial is all for screen controls, and there's absolutely no response from the controller. And judging by other responses it's not just me. Please fix moga issue and I'll improve my rating. I'd love to play this game but not with screen controls
Black screen on my Nvidia Shield. Runs on Galaxy Note 3 but low blocky graphics..Fix the black screen on loading issue. You claim to be Tegra optimized but doesn't even run on Nvidia shield
This game sucks connnnn The controlls I think could of been better and I stole a plate send to jail.n when I was release from jail the game keeps shutting down I paid 7.50 for something I'm not happy with Neva download a game from this maker, or plz fix or update  sony xperia 3
