Bugs In new version pics are taking very long time on display... Also im not able to delete my uploaded pics...
The app testing team is sleeping, they were not able to report simple bugs. Call me to know more..  Please refer to Ticket No BM14293985
Fix full size photo view Photos viewer of full size is blocking 20 of photo from bottom because of shortlist, chat etc option.. Make something which will not block any part of photos..
Blocking IDs without reason I registered for this site but now I got temporarily blocked without any reason 
No response from server Made 20 attempts to register myself, but only msg I could see was no response from server. No option except uninstall
Why it's always loading I updated the new version two days back. Pretty  unstable. Crashing anytime it likes. Sometime the app opens up even after closing and clearing from recent apps. Opening any tab randomly..without proper testing why do you guys push new version..just for a new look The older one was good...this one is worst.
No value in buying subscription cheaters They promised to provide 60 matches and provided 2 post paying money, when we asked for refund since we are not getting the right value they're keeping their foot back saying they don't have refund policy. Cheaters 
One worst experience in Barath Matrinonial They will call us more than 20 times for upgrading for making money but you can t get any progress on the contact to get marry most of the profiles are FAKE
Pathetic app, cannot see any newly sent msges by my matches, but when I login via laptop or on any browser it shows all the latest msges
Consuming too much battery This app is using an unusual 2.2 of the battery which creating battery drain problems and slow performance of the device. This is detected with the Samsung smart manager provider from the latest update. Fix this issue.
Keep on loading You people need to fix it...it keep on loading and loading.
Sony Xperia C3 New update worst. Not able to go inside..  If i Went inside the app suddenly it getting close.
Don't waste your money and time.. Big cheaters and 0 support from customer care team.. Till its a free acc its OK..
