Always crashing. Won't even load. Paid for it and can't get past the log in stage. Have tried uninstalling it and reloading it several times but no joy. Poor effort.
Optimization between devices is awful The game is not like the show in the slightest which was quite a dissapointment. After playing on 3 devices I have found that the game is optimized profoundly bad meaning your experience differs between devices drastically. Would use this app as an example of poorly developed cash grab opportunity. Will be seeking refund
No margin for error. If you make a slight typo or spelling error in your answer or don't write it exactly how they have it, you'll get 100, ie if you put Balmoral instead of Balmoral Castle or spell the name of a foreign town slightly wrong with a y instead of an i.  Very annoying.
Bugs The game is fun but the bugs aren't. Almost every time I submit answers for the final I get this message, 'pointless has stopped'. I love the app and the concept, please can you fix this . Cheers.
Worked fine but then The game was working fine until today, now I can't even load the game. This is so disappointing as it is a very good game, I've also purchased the extra questions which I can't even use, feel like I've wasted the money
Not a bad game unless I have to type an answer I can't use the space bar when typing in answers so I keep getting a 100 score
Incorrect answers Good game, however many times I have come up with answers in the one player final and it has told me it's an incorrect answer. Yet I know it's not, and have checked afterwards to make sure Pretty disappointing.
I want to give it a higher mark but it has not worked for days now. It keeps crashing on startup once it connects to my Facebook account. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times. My girlfriend is also having the same problem. I have a Samsung s4 and she has an s3 running android 5.0.1.
Question pack Really unhappy with the question pack. I have paid for it and not can not access it. I am not paying again for this I would like either a refund for it or the question pack. VERY UNIMPRESSED
Complete waste of money. Nothing like the show. I think the developers have mistakenly put the description as the title because this app really is pointless
Final round...no way to win For the last 10 games that I've been in the final, I've had the same categories  cities or bad countries  always the same questions which it then reveals there are no pointless answers. So how do you win This happens in the normal and premium pack
Mulitplayer doesn't work I try to play this game with a friend via Facebook and when we click on the invite request it doesn't work. Annoying.
Won't even start waste of money After a couple of days game won't even start up just crashes every time
Absolutely terrible game. Should have listed to the feedback. I'd like my money back please. DON'T BUY IT
Unable to sync with social media Can't play with friends after paying for download. Constant error when connecting to social media on the first page. Not a good start. Refund please I have uninstalled, reinstalled and rebooted...
Doesn't work Great app for about two weeks then just crashes upon opening. Bug needs to be fixed or I need to be refunded.
Oh no Constantly stopping
WORST GAME EVER When the game kept on crashing my I pad and when I came of the game all my games were gone
