Troop don't go where you want..it making g you loose every attack, Taking for ever to get enough to build troop..go play clash of clan better,y This game making you loose every attack, Taking for ever to get fuel to build troop. Don't waste your money..go play clash of clan better
Hey after i updated the game it gives me error 22 everytime and i can not access the game i tried million time to uninstall and reinstall and error 22 appears i cant get my old base
Game is good, until error 22. The game is slow but entertaining. Played for a few months, reached level 38...then I got Error 22 and the game never worked since.
Gold I completed the challenge for gaining 1250 medals from enemy attacks but I never received my gold. That was 100 gold bars. I contacted support and got someone who insisted that I received themticket15112133410806. Hell. This is simple math and they were treating me as if I don't know how much the sum would be when I was supposed to gain those gold bars. Poor customer service.
Very unstable Good game, VERY frustrating because it crashes a LOT and it costs you the attack and all your attacking forces Fix the crashing problem and it would be five stars UPDATE....  won't let me play at all.  Pity you can't give it zero stars.
Can't Get support Just updated cant fight and once again in game help and support doesnt work. I dont think zynga even cares about players and never seems to test updates so once again 5 stars goes to 1
New update no good Updated today now can't play it error 22
Blah Game crashes right in the middle of a battles.  And how they match you with opponents is a fk'n joke. There is no way a level 30 player can withstand an attack from a level 40, 45 and up. It's pointless to retaliate. You can't make your base nor troops stronger because all your resources are taken. You're pretty much stuck unless you spend more money. 50 is not enough Lmao
Updates Was good game just done new update all I now get is code 3 and then it fronze check updates before u make us update
Constantly dropping out now won't load says error code 3
Nice marketing  don't fall for the scam Game updates make it unplayable, support hotline offline due to technical difficulties, animations not working, in  game purchases working though very well but then purchased features just disappear from your base....so the money collection works smoothly the game doesn't  Latest UPGRADE Nov 24 wiped all my gold 975 from my account  Several attempts by email and through Zynga forum to rectify and get my gold back unsuccessful  this sucks....
25  Nov 2015 game doesnt want to work anymore. keep getting error code 22 . tried reinstalling when i connected to my saved profile it started with error code 22 again.
Why another update..why This used to be an awesome game but after all the updates this game lags more,I get attacked more than 7 times a day because HQ level 14,15,16,17 and sometimes 18 And i cant find anyone to attack on quick match do you know why BECAUSE IT SHOWS ME HQ LEVEL 14,15,16,17,18 THATS INSANEDon't ruin this game zynga don't ruin it
Error code 3 Getting error code after New update and before I reinstalled the game of shut down every minute or so What happened
Game busuk, stlh d updated, langsung berat dn bikin heng hp, kembalikan k versi awal woi biar ga berat hp, maksud nya ap error code  Updatedan yg busuk, bkn tmbh ringan, yg ad jd busuk
Doesn't deserve 1 star Developers decided to change things again. I spent so much time upgrading my Rangers for nothing, now they can't get destroy a wall and get shot to chit trying to get through.  Well done developers again you guy's chit on a stick.
CC Days After the latest updates i cant play it anymore. Having problem opening the apps and it says error code 3. I already tried reinstalling it 3x. What does it mean and how to fix it. Help please...
Angry Dont update. I did the update now I just get error code 22 and the game will not load
Just a money grabbing app now Used to be able to win some lose some on this game. Now only seems like lose lose without spending lots of money. Getting mismatched with opponents who obviously have better weapons by 10 fold and I don't want to spend more money because I've spent enough on this game. Will stop playing if I can't win any battles even though I have a half decent base and attacking resources.
Doesn't work Game doesn't load after last update get a code 22
