uphill racing. okinnana met. Nagalas. My 60,000 coins vanished when i upgraded from jeep to concept but did not get the concept car. Sucks. Rate this half star, falling star
It's very complicated game This game app is not good.its very complicated. While playing game it's automatically stopped and all points lost.this is only medium of sale of their coins.its not a game but pure business.u will pay for nothing.also at every point u face hanging problem.i don't know what the makers of this game is doing.very poor experience.
Wtf I cant even pass the first thing i get on the game and i play it ilthen i die and die and die so then my brother downloads it and he does the same thing and passes the level and it is so easy to gwt coins why is that you should make the coins 100 and to buy the monster its 1,000,000 coins that will make the game exiting and please change the music because it dosent sound good with the game. Thats the end of my request.
Just ok. Really wanted to like it, but very hard to get enough coins for upgrades. Bored with only 1 stage, even though I'm upgraded to 11 on the jeep.  Uninstalling and going back to original fingersoft version.
country side terrible track to drive. Played it  20 40 times with lots upgrades to the car and still could not get far. I am experienced player since I played the first game.  When bought another track with coins I got double the distance than country side. First level should always be easy but developers think everyone is professional in 2 minutes.
A really bad game horrible I'm barely on the first level but I can't pass it because of the stupid hill
Could be better The ads are too long, the game crashes Samsung S5 Droid, a lot of the flips aren't counted, takes too long to save up coins.  Could be a great game. Edit every time I play, my phone crashes and sometimes it takes 10 min to restart it. I use many apps and this is the only one that gives me problems so I'm changing from 3 starts to 1.
Can't not flip. If you upgrade your car too much, it won't stay on the road. Since the gas pedal is ALSO the rotate button, trying to drive forward just causes you to do a backflip and wipe out. This is a gamebreaking flaw that makes the game unplayable beyond a certain point.
It looks to be good                              but it is not                                      doesn't stand on my will                                       I supposed it to be impressive but it made me sad                          just hangs and hangs at all so I am going from 3star to1star
Garbage knockoff This garbage is a clear and insulting knockoff of Hill Climb Racing by FingerSoft...their app is better by far.
Game freeze all the time cannot play normal also count exit normally from the game as well Game is not so bad created but for a normal game it can also require so much power for my phone so I think there is a problem with the script from the game
So many glitches When im driving along all of a sudden ill get what you could call a lag spike and the vehicle then glitchesteleports forwards and crashes or id just drive along and the car would dissappear then it would say driver down. Or how about when i do a flip it doesnt give me any points or even says that i did a flip. This game is rough and unfinished
What is with the pop up ads every second This game would have easily gotten 5 stars if it wasn't for the ridiculous amount of pop ups I get that you need to sell out and make money for this app but seriously don't you think if someone actually wanted any of the apps you keep shoving down my throat they would I don't know just search for them cut the crap with the commercialization already we know there are other apps we get it
Physics based game Well, I must admit that I didn't see that physics based game until I decided to give it one star. I laughed a bit. Hue hue. Jeep is completely unbalanced. Everything is unbalanced. And yes, in case you are wondering, there are pine trees in the desert. Hill Climb Racing is way, way, way better
This game will freeze your phone instantly do not I repeat do not download this
This game cheats you on points especially when doing multiple flips on downhill board adds up 1000  points per flip on the the screen but you may only get the points for 3 or 4 of them out of 10 or 15
Terrible Not as fun as Hill Climb Racing. Could be a lot better,terrible graphics.
Boring Got bored quickly cost to much to upgrade and can only upgrade the one and only car you start with...takes to long to get enough money to buy new cars and new hills uninstalling.  And the ads are annoying can't get rid of them have to close game and start over.
Idiots These guys are so IDIOTS.what a shitty game.too easy and boring.hate it.uninstalling now
Exact copy of hill climb racing Pathetic game and pathetic music. It's the exact copy of hill climb racing.
Stupid This is worst game ever it is just a stupid version of hill climb racing if any one likes this game thay are insane you can't even do neck flips and there is barely any maps i am just going to play hill climb racing screw you the creator of this game
Weak A better looking but worse version of a game by a similar name.  Tons of cars There's like 7. Pass
