No settings bar Settings bar disappears on my nexus 7 2013. When you select an option it appears but your doing whatever you've selected so you still can't use it
Terrible AI If you plan on playing against the computer, be prepared to be frustrated. They start every round trading resources with one another at 1 for 1 rates until they all have significant stacks of development cards, then they will alternate all the knights they receive between your various properties constantly and steal your resources. You can still win, but it isn't the least bit fun to play against.
Bugs bugs and more bugs If you try to play quickly you can click on things and the pop over message causes game to freeze. When placing settlements clicking the check mark can cause it to move. The server is down often. Online games are recovered often for no reason. Game gets out of sync between players. I couldn't sign up with my email address had to fake one. The dice is not rigged as far as I can tell but its very likely the AI does know what card to steal from you.
Frustrating After playing multiple games I've become frustrated with the AI and random number generator. First, the AI cooperates with itself whether it's in the lead our not. It does not matter who the computer player is. Second, the supposed random numbers are anything but. The moment you get a lead, resources stop coming in. I have to play with the resource bonus on our go upwards of ten rolls without getting anything. It is a faithful port of a classic board game, and fun to play online.
Accurate ai reviews As soon as the lead is secured the ai target the player.  After stealing all your resources you will go turns without getting enough to build and by that time the ai will have too many development cards to compete with this is the easiest ai settings.  Hopefully this problem is fixed soon.
Cards don't work After selecting which card to play, unable to select which opponent to use it on, which settlement to turn into city, where to place the robber, build roads, etc. Pretty much makes the game unplayable when the A I and other players can use game mechanics you can't. Added star for dev attempts at trouble shooting... will see how it turns out...
Ridiculously hard Just brutal  even on easy the computer characters never trade with you. They cooperate against you and relentlessly move the robber between your tiles, sometimes three times every round. Even when playing this with your worst enemy you wouldn't get bullied as much as you do in this game.
CHEAT game Update  I love the game but the way the computer rigs the game is extremely frustrating.  If a thief is on your number and you are winning, that number is often rolled multiple times.  Also, the computer seems to know what cards you have, if you have victory points, the computer puts the thief on you even if you are losing by structure points.  Last, the dice rolls are far from random no matter what setting it's on.  Computer will find IMPOSSIBLE ways to win.  PLEASE FIX THESE
Ripped Off The basic game worked great, then I purchased the expanisions and no matter which senerio I play half way through the game i cant acces my resorces or progress cards. I want my money back but there is no way to cantact USM other than the review. Becareful before you buy expansions.
Game is a joke Whatever numbers you are not on will roll to an extreme. Why would they do that Makes the game stupid and unplayable. Don't waste your money.
Device gets very hot Game makes my phone and tablet very hot and kills my battery  100 to 0 in 2 hours
Still waiting on bug fix It keeps crashing when i close after each time i play and i need to re install every time. This has been going on for literally over 3 MONTHS now. Not happy. Please fix
I'm sick of re installing Soaks up all my data for nothing...settler scum
Really enjoying the game BUT.... I can't register online Do I need to pay more or something Tells me the email is already in use, but I haven't registered  tells me 'data invalid' when I try 'forgot password'. Help
