What happen This is one of my fav games now its telling me try again on very level ive run out of things to do what happened im only in 5 levels in every section and cant go any furthur
Too many ads This was a great game once, but then the ads came like a hail storm. Have some game with your ads.
Try Again Later  Why Had this game as my favourite for a whole year, and then I had to redownload it. Now it is telling me every five levels to 'Try again later'. And now I hate it. One update changed all of this, and it was better before it. Change it back, or at least remove this annoying system. Until then, I just won't play it.
Get lost with the ads Ridiculous amount of ads and there's no option to buy the game to get rid of the ads. 20 seconds of game play with 15 seconds of crap video adverts. Spend more times looking at ads than playing.
Advertisements totally sucks Remove ads ... Nd get 5 stars. I will suggest not to waste ur data nd tym.. Coz aftr evry 5 levels we need to watch ads nd then.. Next level will unlocked... GREEDY PIGGIES
This used to be my favorite game This used to be my favorite game until now. Now you have to watch an add every time you want to play a new level honestly can't you just have ads to get something like more turbos or more glue but having them for every level is ridiculous.
Problems After updating the game,the games shortcut on my phone disappeared and I have to go to the install page to play and there's too many ads
Way too many ads I absolutely loved this game until the update every five levels it has an ad i tried turning off my mobile data and it said try again later   please remove these annoying ads
The Road to El WTF So many goddamn ads, and the new El Porkado levels are nighimpossible because they want you to buy those dinky little boosters
So many ads Getting into the game and then a thirty seconds of a crap video. It doesn't even show u that u can get rid of these crap videos. Its annoying and quite a few people have already been complaining about the ads. PLZ GET RID OF SILLY ADSgreat game until these IDIOTIC GAME ADS CAME ALONG  ONE AFTER THE OTHER
Not installing at all I had given this 5 stars but when i updated it is saying you cant open it too thats not fair man please fix it or i will call your heads office or take u to the police do u understand what i am saying and dont underrestimate the power of a common child. U dont fix it so i will come to ur home or i will close this game forever from pakistan and oman understand or not i want it fixed or i will tell to polliticians Lol
Once it was my  favourite game I can play only  some levels then it shows try again later. I hate it greedy piggies.
I really like this game but When I goes to lvl 4 it shows try again and sometimes it close again  and  again please fix it and i will r8 u 5 star
WORST GAME EVER  IN THE FIRST IT WAS GREAT , BUT NOW I CANT PLAY OFFLINE , I CANT GO TO NEXT LEVEL IF I DIDN'T WACH AN AD , AND NOW I CANT GO TO NEXT LEVEL WITH INTERNET OR WITHOUT IT JUST SAYS TRY AGAIN LATER  WTF WTF WTF
Should be called bad adds Used to be good but now has huge number of  video adds which you are forced to watch to proceed. Won't work offline and don't even bother downloading if you don't have WiFi or 3g to play or you will never make it through the adds.  Uninstalling...
What happend I used to be excited for this game but now it has just ruined itself now it's gotten boring and I just can't play it. It's just not even working and sometimes the app is gone bring back the spark and then 4 stars. Oh and I don't find the HD much better but please bring back the bad piggies as a more fun app gameplay wise.
ADS AFTER EVERY VIDEO WTF The game use to be good but there's adds after every level waiting for you its like wow
Nice game But it has alot of adds , if you fix it I will rate it 4 stars.Please fix it.
It seriously sucks I completed all the levels and i cant proceed to the next level pls. fix this freaking problem 
To many ads It's a great game but there are too Many ads until u remove them I won't play 
Too many ads All the full screen ads spoil the game. My son loves playing but 15 second ads after each game really frustrate him
Nooo hate it never get it It wont let me play on the other levels i have the full version infact im going to delet it now sorry please fix in the future
Fail So if you can't load the advertisements before the level you can't play the level. What a fail on your guyses part
What could have been good. A good game spoilt by the developers forcing you to download and watch video advertising eating up your data and wasting your time.
Good but... But the ads get in the way of playing and if you don't have WiFi you can't play new levels. Also the ads don't work most of the time even with WiFi so if you don't get rid of the ads not many people are going to get it. And I won't give it a higher rating.
Ads, ads everywere What is up with all the ads i had this game when it first came out and it was one of my favorite just got a new tablet and i thought i would install it again hoping it was going to be as good. But EVERY. SINGLE. LEVEL. There are ads on random retrys there are ads im not going to play the game anymore im really upset and annoyed. Had to bow down to sponsors. Sell outs hope the money is worth it because the games are not for the gamer anymore.
