Won't open Every time I try to open the app, it loads for a second then shuts down. I've tried restarting my phone, redownloading the app, clearing cache in the memory and nothing is seeming to work.
Cant play I've been playing this game for a long time and suddenly I cant play, it says it fails to authenticate licensing for my purchase, I have tried reinstalling and still get this error, can this be fixed please 
Won't open Please help App will get to the super monkey opening image, then it goes back to the screen I was on previously. I have tried multiple things to get it to work, bit I can't. I really love this game, but if not fixed, I expect a refund
Can't open the game. Every time I go to open the game, it instantly shuts down. Sometikes, after trying 1020 times it would open, but now it won't open at all. The screen turns black and returns to my home screen after showing the little monkey with Bloons TD 4 below.
Can't play the game Keeps crashing.  I have asked for help and got no response. I have now asked for a refund. We will see if they respond with anything.
I want a refund The towers are huge and it sucks TD5 is way better. Plus it doesn't have all the cool things.  I tried getting TD5 but I accidentaly got this game. I want my money back
Wow, just wow. I have hardly been able to play since I got my S3 over two years ago due to bugs, now that I have a note 4, guess what It still crashes and is unplayable fun game on pc, but a waste of money and time on your phone.
This game is nothing like the 5th game. It's to easy. There needs to be more towers and harder levels. In the crate was a beekeeper but I don't know if its the same for everyone. I dislike this game and will contemplate about giving 5 stars if you put this into consideration.
Fails to startup The app used to work and was fun now it opens to the first screen then crashes like many others I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling. I  have tried on multiple devices. Really wish this would get fixed. Devices Galaxy s3 and HTC one max both Verizon as well as a Nexus 6 t mobile
Keeps on crashing I just purchased this app because I have been playing this game on iPhone. But on android phone it doesn't even load up. It keeps on crashing. Need a bug fix, fast. Otherwise waste of money
PLEASE HELP The game just shuts down everytime that I try to open it.  I spent my money on this game and i want to be able to play it.
Doesn't work with android 5.0 This app used to be great. I stopped playing it for a while and now it won't open. When I try to open it I get a black screen and then it goes back to my home screen. The only thing I can think of that's different is I updated my nexus 7 2013 to android 5.0.1 lollipop from 4.4.4 kitkat. Very disappointing
Crashes on start up Tryed uninstalling and reinstalling the app multiple times but still can't get past the first loading screen without the game crashing It's a shame as I really do enjoy this game so please get it fixed
What's happened I used to have this game on my old HTC one m7, now I have an m9 and it only goes to the opening image and shuts down. Very disappointed because I love this game and I paid for it.
No longer works. Doesn't work in lollipop.  Force closes everytime right after company logo is displayed.  Then black screen and back to phone desktop.
Doesn't work I bought this game and it won't even let me open the app to play, what a waste of 3
Crashes can't play I tap the icon and the fame starts to load then it takes me back to home screen. I have a note 4 and all other games run flawless. This game has serious bugs that need to be addressed. Fix bugs and will give a better rating but as of now it's a 1 star
Keeps crashing freezing I just bought this less than an hour ago, because I love this game. Unfortunately, it kept making my phone crashfreeze up. So, I just uninstalled. I'll reinstall again to see if there are any positive changes to game play.
HTC evo 4g Got to rank 15 and now it won't open. For how much I paid this should not be happening. An error pops up and says heap O memory is out...
Bugs out It worked the first two days and then never worked again.  It will start up for five seconds and then freeze and close.  I am not happy about this especially since they will not return my money.
I paid for this game I cant even play it, it crashes after the logo, why is that I got a refund and bought bloons 5 and the same thing happened, galaxy s5.
