I've already paid for the game. Why should I have to pay again for one silly level Would've given it 5 stars if it wasn't for that. It's ridiculous and underhanded.
A refund would be nice It worked one time I paid 6.99 for it last night and he played it once now it won't open
Wont work at all Wont load any profiles and now cant play the game at all,was a waste of money now my son is very disappointed,a refund would be nice
Stopped working The game used to work but now when choosing a profile and clicking play nothing happens
Cant install. Paid, cant install  error 505. Cant refund. Rubbish.
Good luck I want a refund can't download the game
My grandson  can't  delete  the name  on  the  profile  so now he can't  play I payed 7.99 and now he can't  even  play
Really So you pay 6.99 to then be told there are in app purchases Dirty.
Nothing special, no progression, no upgrases, oversimplified and repetitive.   My 5 year old got bored after 30 minutes.  If it'd be free, I'd give it 3 to 4 stars.
Waste of money Paid for it and can't even download it
This is stupid It dosent even install i am calling the police for a refund
Boring app All you can do is race and build tracks. There should be more to the app since it's 6.99, especially more educational games. My son keeps seeing the commercials for new tracks and there are no updates for the app
Works ok. Not worth 6.99. Kids will loose races.. hard to win
I paid for this this morning and have not been able to open it at all...would appreciate my money back
Downloaded because my kids love the show and it keeps force closing for a game that cost 6.99 i think it should work please fix this issue  and ill give it 5 stars but the fact that it is unplayable after paying 7 is rediculous
Disappointed Won't go past the part to enter your name Fix it or give me my money back
Does not play Game will not let me push play button will not go past user choice screen
5yr old son is devastated WTG He has his heart set on this app it keeps freezing up and closing right after a race and now I have to deal with the aftermath of his broken heart. I have deleted it and reinstalled it to see if that would work, but that has not worked either Totally and completely dissatisfied with the app
Game will not play. Please return my money.
WILL NOT DOWNLOAD. WANT MY MONEY BACK
Cannot push play after entering my sons name.
Won't play It won't play..goes to enter player then nothing past there Just spent 6.99 for nothing
Does Not download It won't download at all
Game will not play. Give me my money back.
