Horrible rules  Even if you clear your side of the board, they give the points from the marbles still left on your opponents to your opponent. You also never go first if you initiate the game. They only offer one way to play. Waste of a download.
Trojan virus Malware bytes detected a Trojan virus in this app I ran the scan because after installing this app ads began popping up on my phone and ghost apps were being installed in the background without permission. Do not install this app
Glitches are too much Often I play this game in match mode online. I won't get credit for pieces in my side, get skipped on my turn, or the display will say opponents turn and my turn so we can't continue the game.
Looked promising version, but.... Every time I try to use it, the whole screen turns black although still open so I'm then unable to carry on using it.
Fix this already I'm so sick of this glitch.  I love the game and ran undefeated for quite sometime until all the quiting back logged me.. When a player quits before entry it will freeze the screen and give you at least one loss the longer I stay on the screen without exiting the more losses I get... It's ridiculous.  Fix it now.
Glitches I have been playing this game for a while, and it all of a sudden will not find any matches for online game play. I had it waiting for 10 minutes on multiple occasions and it never found a match.
I liked it in till  It won't even let me play anymore o loved this game everytime it searches me a opponent it never gets past that screen it will keep searching please fix it
Searching for ur friend... Needs a better way to invite friends to play against... Doing the search with typing in the same name of room is ongoing and continuously searching with no results.
Unbalanced If you're the first person to go, you'll win 90 of the time. That just seems to be the game.
This game cheats a lot if you do it by your self. It often wins because of free tries which is kinda weird.
Dose not work I will not let me select a bored
Stupid makes mancala seem not fun anymore DO NOT INSTALL IT'S A STUPID GAME
Bogus game First player always wins. Strategy clear the slot closest to your capture pit..Then always have the opponent use his slots that have the most pebbles. Usually they will clear there second to last slot then use the free turn to clear the last slot so all there pebbles don't get stolen.. if not steal them.. use the 4th slot closest to the capture pit which should have 4 pebbles then free turn and so on from here. Watch 
Purchases are by device only When an app is purchased or upgraded, that should carry over to every device on the account. I paid to remove ads on a tablet, but my phone still has them. Same with buying a board. I have already paid and getting highly annoying popup ads again is maddening.
Captured I don't like that s game at all. Ya, I win some games but for 3 games in a ROW For me I hate that
Hate this game This game is so stupid it takes all the fun
Mancla I hate this game because it gives cpu a lot of free turns
Me time I like it so much
