It's a cheat.... This game does not play the game  the right way, only to its convince... Don't waste your time downloading it
The worst ever I played 15 games, and it just cheated constantly even my partner cut me out and didn't cut spades on the other team. Do no download this cow spit Seriously, I play spades for money in real life, but this is a freaking joke
Doesn't bid correctly Why do i have to keep under bidding just so my partner the computer can make their bids if i bid a six they'll bid a five knowing they don't have it smh also if i throw a king of spades out they'll throw the queen that could've been their book and will set me this game version needs updating
Laydee O Your partner will give u 1 good game. Don't mind losing but don't need my partner under bidding, over bidding r making sure the others win. Lol, u r a computerized partner geesh. I suppose to make the mistakes.  You are guaranteed 1good hand with your partner.. After that u r screwed all the above and more problems. Which will make u laugh r mad it's so obvious.
Worst game ever I'm a spades player and really love the game.  But my so called partner either underbids or overbids all the time.  I feel like I'm playing with someone who doesn't know how to decide how many books he has.  With each hand, I have to underbid hoping that my partner overbid so I can compensate for him.  I finally got too frustrated and Uninstalled.  If you want to play spades with a subpar amateur partner, definitely download this game.
The other hi ranked players don't no how to play.  That just throw anything out there.   How u gonna cut me and then comeback with something lower that makes no sense.  That need to step there game up
Cheats enormously  Don't play it This game cheats. Give you penalty points but doesn't explain why. Also seems to gives your opponents the upper hand and sets ahead in almost every game. Also doesn't follow their own rules of not able to play a different suit  i.e. hand leads with spades but the computer plays a heart instead, but the next hand the computer plays a spade... however I'm not allowed to do that if I have a spade I have to play it This games is full of sht
Stupid playing Partner leads spades they don't have any and partner leads spades again taking my spades when partner has other cards. Why I lead a king and win then play same suit thinking partner has ace and last player plays ace I'm uninstalling app
To basic The game doesn't cheat but has major flaws.
Could be better The interface is great but the game play can be bad. Example I play a high spade, winning the hand, but my teammate plays a high spade too, after me. Then the next turn, my teammate plays a much lower spade, which should have been the throwaway last hand, and then we lose the round. Annoying. I'm uninstalling.
