Not working properly His app initially worked great and our little guy loved it, but now it only works for a couple minutes and then it goes to the main screen and Daniel's door just repeatedly opens and closes and I have to restart the tablet in order for it to work again. I want a refund.
Can't install on my nexus 5 I bought this application with my gs3. Now that I have a nexus 5 it says the app is not compatible.  Please add hit to the list of compatible devices
Want to love it This app is so poorly done PBS should be ashamed to have their name on it. It is buggy to the point of being unforgivable. I've experienced the same level of instability on multiple platforms. My son wants to love this app but gets frustrated at how glitchy it can be. The dev. obviously doesn't care about or read feedback as the app hasn't been updated in over a year... Abandoned
Not much to do I was very disappointed with this app. Its a little too simple and there isn't much for my two year old to do on it.
Age level It would have been nice to know the appropriate age level this is geared toward before purchasing. 23 year olds. I expected there would be more to do and have a stronger educational push. Fred let me down this time. Unfortunately, too late to get a refund.
Thxfor ruining it for my son Used to work on our nook hd tablet now it won't update. Says its incompatable. Really appretiate robbing us of 2.99. Thank Its a shame too bc my son loves this app
Refuses to install  wtf I have a Nexus 7. It tries to install and then says cannot install on USB storage or SD card  I don't HAVE a USB storage or SD card, it's not available on my tablet. Why won't it install I have more than 11GB of free space, it's not like there isn't room for it.  If it's not compatible with Nexus 7, the Play Store should freaking well say so before it lets me pay money for the app that I now cannot use.
Freezes I think my son would like this app I hope so since I paid for it, but I don't know because it freezes so much.
Great but takes up entirely TOO MUCH SPACE Talk about memory hog it's a huge app we should at least be able to move to internal memory it doesn't give u an option for this app CHANGE THAT AND BACK TO 5 STARS
Doesnt work Downloaded then door opening and closing over and over WTH
Not worth your money This is something your child would easily get bored with
Doesn't work... ...Most of the time.  Using the app on my kids new Samsung Tab 3 Kids edition.   Its freezes a lot, sometimes when opening app the screen goes black, and other malfunctions.  My kids love this game...When it does work.
Incredibly slow This app is ridiculously slow. My nephew can't even enjoy it.
