Fun game until recently, now my it freezes up entire phone when trying join any races before and after update....uninstalled
Buggy Like.... Terribly buggy.
Game won't load. It worked before the update and I would have rated it five stars. But now it won't even load the game. I will change my rating when it starts working again.
It used to be the best game ever but something has happened You need to sort the jumping out I can't even play it any more it keeps jumping never used to be like this would have give you 5 stars before but now I'm going to have to uninstal the app and I'm gutted love playing on this game and keeps slowing down my phone not good I have also uninstalled it and download it again and still nothing
Update killed it.... Just like many others, game play was fine before, and now laggy as all hell after the update. Makes it virtually impossible to time jumps correctly now....absolute misery to try to play.
BOOOOOOO. COULD BE AWSOME BUT... Ok how are these people cheating and able to drive loops upside down. Also free play is enough I earned enough coin in 1 week for the 200k bike n.p don't see why people feel like your money hungry I see no real benefits from buying besides quicker upgrades. I will spend small amnt for developing though.
What happened I usually love these games but this one is bullshit. In game currency is designed to force you to pay for coins to play, you cannot progress without spending money. Levels are way too hard and you earn little coin, clearly somebody has gotten greedy, what a disappointment
The game of glitches Every time you get close to winning the glitches and you crash out would be a good game otherwise disappointed
Bug fix update made game play worse After downloading the update, the game play is extremely choppy and you can't even play the game.  Redownload ed game and no better.  Had no problems on my galaxy s3 before update.  DO NOT DOWNLOAD UPDATE
What an update It almost take 10 mins to start the game..........plz maintain ur server or just stop sendin updates
Crashes I purchased coins so I could actually compete and when I select the newly purchased bike, the game crashes. Its frustrating.  UPDATE update is garbageand yes I have opened a ticket. you have never responded back. The game crashed every so often before the update but after the update, I haven't been able to play any track. Game crashes while the tracks are loading. Delete and find another
Ads for free coins play only sound then phone locks up.  I never get the free coins.  Has happened over 5 times in a row.   galaxy s5
Please eliminate the need to face opponents I love the game but the fact that you need to face opponents to unlock more levels is really lame. Therefore 1 star because that's the worst thing ever.
I saw a friend playing and thought it would be fun. I downloaded it and it'll go to the first screen and then it closes it
Update Before update was fantastic now can't finish a single game as there are lot of ads
Shouldn't have updated ugh Use to be great but is vary leggy and can't even play it ...please fix
Could be better Unless you pay money for this game..its not worth it...getting coins is next to impossible...
