Instant video Must have this app before you get started with the video app.. Downloads are very slow. No support for SD card and no Chromecast. I am constantly warned by Amazon that my LG G4 is not supported for HD video.. Wtf... As always, Amazon only supports Amazon.
Wont let me see my orders The duscription is self explanitory. The last order i can see us 8 months ago, im always irdering off amazon and i should be seeing that i got my package today and two more tomorrow. This app is garbage, use your browser instead
I find it unbelievable that Amazon has not fixed this last update before the holiday shopping season. The app constantly closes and sends me back home.  Its like being sent to Monopoly jail with no get out if jail free cards in the deck.   Will be doing Black Friday and Cyber Monday shopping on other retailer sites.
Slow I couldn't get this app to open. I had to go to the Web page. That worked just fine. What's up
Too difficult to use This app needs a major overhaul. It lags, it's overly complicated and it doesn't have material design. You'd think something as big as Amazon would have something better.
Seriously I can see a list, bit when I click on an item to see more details and purchase the page is white with just an amazon band across the top....what a waste
Restarts frequently I love using Amazon and this app but you need to fix an issue. The app restarts 10 times a minute and it kills my battery. Even after I Force Stop it, it starts later on in the day. I'll change to a 5 star when it's fixed.
absolute piece of junk Amazon Prime made me install app.to get Prime Deal STEAM 3DS for 5 and the page would not load for over 2hrs until the deal expired... thank God I only did Prime monthly.  Avoid this app. and Avoid Amazon Prime.  It's all a con.
Glitchy PLEASE FIX. Two months same problem Each time I try to select a size, or color change, it goes back to the main page. Or simply try to go back a step. Back to the beginning. Very frustrating, especially when you click on a more interesting item similar to what you were searching for. If you don't remember what your looking at. Its a process to get back to it. PLEASE FIX
Kindle app in the background It works well and fluidly but it keeps waking the Kindle app in the background which is a huge RAM eater even in the background. Why only one star if it works well Because RAM usage translates to battery consumption, as simple as that
Why no Android Wear support in UK Very disappointed that the Android Wear app still only supports the US. What reason can there be for this The most annoying part is that I have a completely useless app on my watch which just displays a message saying that it doesn't work here.
Complicated It is unresponsive much of the time, it is laggy, it is hard to get around, and it is slow. I try to add stuff to my wish list and it does not work. For such a big company, I expect more.
Bugs and glitches galore When I click on something such shoe size or a item description it resets to search screen.  Want to make a purchase but can't even use the app.  So disappointed.  Ready to spend my  but can't.   Worked great once upon a time.  No more Amazon for me.
 I love the merchandise but eBay gives you way more options and they also let you select the one item you want when there's more than one in the picture
Please update Need a new update.  Currently having issues with selecting color and size.. just shows a loading screen when attempting to do these things.. need update quick since it's cutting into how much time I have for Christmas shopping
It crashes Amazon just stopped working on me to the point it won't even open I tried redownloading the app and everything but it just won't work
Buggy  Force closes all the time Should never have updated. Old version was fine but this one sucks
Cheating When tou buy from Amazon store on final stage no option for free delivery. Even if delivery was free, Amazon charges for postage. Just choose different seller.
