Please change this. I would really love it if you guys could maby have a save button Because i think i know that its kinda stupid and no point in playing this game if you cant even save your progress. Please make a save button, and i will thank you when you do until then im rating it a one.
Ahhhh...... I built a house and left the app when i came back all my hard work was gone Sigh please put a save button. I know that you have to pay for a save button, but whats the point of this game oh well......
Need save button I just built a big house and a mc donalds on flat and it all deleted when i went to my massaging. You should take my advice and update this and when its up dated make it have a save button. It took me all day to build mc donalds the chum bucket and the krusty krab and it deleted.
2 things Add in lifeanimals including tameable ones...... A save button........... And more blocks like TNT....... Its all creative mode add a survival mode.                     You'll get a 5 if u fix it
Save button please I made a huge tree house with 30 rooms and 25 restrooms and I went to youtube and I got back nothing saved and I was so mad. So I would suggest that you make a save button and until then I'm rating it a one star. Please make a save button.
SAVE button please... It's ok but please put a save button so we can save what we did, One day I made a huge beach and a house with a swimming pool and I built a city on the other side with a lot of big buildings it almost took me all day 9 hours exactly but when I exit it and play it again it's gone all of the hardwork is gone.
Sigh.... I would have given this game a much higher rating if it allows you to save your work . I built a whole Elsa's ice palace and when I logged back on my work was all deleted. 20,000 blocks of ice I counted gone. It took 3 weeks for me to finish that, and less than 5 seconds for it to disappear. To hell with this game
Please I need to save the things I have created but when I going to leave the game it restarted over again. I'll give 5 stars. And the full version of the exploration lite I need to buy it. Do something to it. Please.
Saving it I made a house that was at least one or two storeys high, I go off it for a second. I go back on, Exploration is all it says. This game is 25 as it is made clear  for me. If it had a save button, 55.
WTF Needs way more detail. 1. Sun should go down at 830pm not 900am 2. Animals 3. TNT block, diamond blocks and all them rare ones 4 A mother fkin save button 5. People Planet of cubes has all, install it
Put a save button. Don't waste your time people. It sucks seeing all your work gone when you came back. Without saving it. It's totally nothing.
WHERE IS THE SAVE BUTTON please change, put a save button, I just left it and when I came back all my work is GONE I would give it 5 stars, if you please just put a save button.
I got a lot of problem's Why ain't there no animals well do not add creepers but why is there no snow and why dose any thing you plant grow and no multiplayer that is not good plus  HOW IN THE WORLD DO YOU SLEEP why do they add beds when you can't sleep so please fix this and I will rate 5 stars
Save button This game needs a save button I made a castle it was my greatest achievement it took one whole day but it was small that's y it took a day then when I went to sleep next day it was gone I would give 5 if u put save button 
You can't save your creations so when my device runs out of charge or I turn it off, I have to start over and rebuild everything
Okay I like trying new games but this one sucks, trials or not.. I've built a beautiful castle, with a dungeon, and beautiful little homes and when I took a break from it, I came back and it was all gone.. I didn't even close out on the game but it kicked me off,.. So people don't try this game unless you actually want to mess around with blocks without wanting to save your work.. 
Things to be added 1.Save button2.be like Minecraft 3.make real life 3.multiplayer 4.change skin 5.have different worlds 6.make exploration free 7.become Minecraft but free 8.add all the blocks that minecraft has. PLEASE
ehh... this game is OK, Not, Umm this is OK once you play it but it still sucks. minecraft Pe is the Best, oh and those people saying that oh no I lost my house and buildings, that's cause this is the Lite Version, dumb people.The full version also sucks.Minecraft pe is the best.
Do not like this app at all It would really be helpful for you this game to have a save button because when I left the app and came back my house wasent there
Save  Many, many people play this, and they do enjoy it but.. I was playing this for the first time and when I closed it, it all restarted. I'm really disappointed because there's no save button and so are many people as you can see on the comments, my thought is if you really want to make a game like this I recommend you add a save button so people don't get sad and angry like so , please add a save button and upgrade it  this app is a 3 if you add a save button it's a 5   thanks.
