Not enough bandwidth for everyone. Great if you are lucky enough to get a consistent feed. Most likely the live broadcast will jump backwards in time when buffering occurs which requires constant restarts. I've only had 2 stages run successfully. This app is not worth the money.
Days late on replays And the video replays will randomly restart, or back up 40 minutes in the video. Frustrating and discouraging, given the quality, its a bit overpriced. Stage 8 is completely unwatchable.
Worst this year Dropped coverage twice When it works it is very good. This year it has dropped coverage twice within the first ten days of racing. One of those times was the final sprint of the stage. The other was during the first mountain stage as Froome was pulling away. Unacceptable. This year also if it goes down or stalls it will go back further in the race and start all over from that point. You can be 17 km out and all of sudden be 44 km out looking at footage you already saw.
Video frequently freezesskips and then loops back any number of minutes to previous aired footage so Live coverage isn't so live.  Only game in town to watch everywhere.  Video streaming issue gets worse later in race as well.  Harder to get stream to load, more frequent loops back of video while audio continues on unimpeded
Streaming is hit or miss I paid 20 bucks to watch the race cause my cable doesn't have nbcsn, but the streaming freezes all the time.  It goes for ablut 5 seconds, and then the picture freeses, sometimes it rebuffers most of the time it doesnt.  Its not my phone or signal cause netflix and youtube work fine.  Very disappointing.
Not worth it at all I want a refund. I can't even watch the tour unless I get up at 5 a.m. Why can't I replay the race or get video highlights of the day. Where is the Chromecast support and multitasking ability. This app isn't worth 2.
It's a rip off I  Paid 20 dollars for this phone app, and it not worth the money. The screen is to small, and I can't replay the races over and over again when I want, it only works for iphones  I un stalled it. I enjoy watching tour de France.
No stage replays for mobile app Can't watch stage replays on android mobile app would've given 5 stars if i could,but i work during the live feeds so for me this app is useless
Failed Me. I want my money back. In addition to purchasing the web app, to watch on my PC which is great, really, I bought the Android app so I could hear the video as I ride my bike for 8 hours. But, the video kept repeating the first 30 minutes over and over, and then later it just wouldn't run at all and your app just displayed a sorry message. I want a refund for the Android purchase
