need to clear app cache everytime. cannot play if i dont clear the game app's cache.
Worst game ever
Same bug appears on Sony Xperia SP as josephw390 has on S4. Only first launch has visible mark, any other try is invisible until complete clear data and of course any progress lost.
Achievements broken Love this game and finished it but received 0 achievements. I'm signed in to Google Play Games and I've reinstalled the game, cleared cache, tried on my tablet as well as my phone, and still it will not give me achievements. Very frustrating and I have not received a reply from the developer yet after emailing them.
Not optimised for Moto G Great game but however the screen size has not been scaled properly for Moto G. Level 60 is impossible to cross in it. The same level in my wife's iPhone 5s was a piece of cake due to the wider screen So I get to play only 59 levels.
Drawing dissapears Every time i launched the game after install it worked but the second time i launched it the drawing dissapeared. Very frustrating as you have to reinstall to fix the problem and it still doesnt work on the second launch. Very dissapointed to see that others have had the same issue and the problem is not yet fixed
Fantastic game but broken This game is innovative, challenging and a lot of fun.  However,  there is an error where it only runs once then will not work unless you reinstall it which resets the game files. This makes getting to the harder levels virtually impossible.
Disappointing Monotonous and dry. Strategy often takes back seat to simple luck..
Wtf The Google play achievements don't work.  What good is the ability to program a physics engine if you can't make a simple connection to Google work  The touch sensitivity is also a little ridiculous  on the harder levels.  Update the Google Play achievements have yet to be addressed.
Bug Same bug here using xperia SP. On first launch it run well, but if i close the app then relaunch it, i can't draw any lines. The lines is invisible but still have effect to the dots. Please fix this.
