I can't attack anyone They are all  at   h'q level 17 and I am at hq level 15 I really nead resources annyway I am  stilling  playing the game but please make us attack the ones at our hq levels
New review ... Game needs work Game play is way too controlled by developers,you have a map with targets but most are above troop level as you advance so no way to beat any of them and you have to wait to change targets. This game is geared to force spending of hundreds of dollars to advance so not impressed, ben playing for about 8 months now.
Double medals I seem to get double medals 75 of the time so I'm forced to be constantly against ppl 79 levels higher than me. They want you to buy gems to compete. The double medal idea should be taken out of game. This game has gone downhill fast.
This game sucks Have 2 masterpiece statue's as you can not have 2 of the same kind the 3 rd one has to be a gun boat energy so I trade in a gun boat energy guardian for the last crystal and what do I get 10 hrs latter a 2nd resource masterpiece that I can't keep or use and am now short one statue and am forced to reclaim that statue and still have never seen a gun boat masterpiece at level 37 hq 15 who designed this crap they TRULY SUCK 
Game needs update, troops don't attack strategically, circle the map taking out anything. All players are much higher levels on the map, task force missions should start lower for newer players. Just some things to make playing more enjoyable
You will spend. Avoid. Great game until for any reason you become disconnected from the net. It seems to do this a lot. If you are In battle you lose all of your troops, even if you only just landed before disconnection. They will do anything to get your money. Every trick they can use. So addictive but extremely slow and later extremely difficult without paying a lot of money. Avoid.
Game is glitching Keeps lagging out. Won't let me play more then 5 mins.  I have a good phone its the game.  Also the AI that controls your troops is horrible  
Make it easy but challenging.... Make it easy to find resource and easy to wing battle and war....i dont like uour ideas about hardening.....easy dont mean it boring,rigt  All gamer shut up,i dont care about challenging im only cares about winning ....
Very very frustrating Ever since i downloaded the recent update it wont even let me load the game it opens then immediately closes i was in love with this game now I'm forced to hate it until it gets fixed
Awful This game is worthless.  There's no way to get past certain lvls without buying the diamonds.  Total fing sham.  Play another game.  Plenty out there by honest gaming companies.
Powders. I use my powders and they say they supposed to last three days but it gives me the effect for a bit and the next time I turn the game on it is gone and the effect is is not active. That's not fair BC I sacrificed a masterpiece to get them.
