Annoyed not working I normally love this game so does my daughter but for months I've not been able to open the stupid game I've uninstalled and the reinstalled loads of times just won't open my daughter crys because the game won't work
ok why the impossible levels you dont give enough balls and the lanterns that you choose are worthless to the task, then you change up the colors and it seems you do it so we can not win the level.  This game is really getting me upset.  Games are for fun not to blow fuses
Achievements I'm being cheated out of my Achievement s it tells me to play the game 2 days in a row to unlock the next achievements I started playing this game on a Saturday it's now Tuesday and it's still saying the darn thing and until the issue is resolved my rating is going to remain at 2 stars o and by the way I think it's tacky that we have to wait 2 12 hours just to to have full lives you guys need to stop the foolishness I'm starting to see why no one wants to waste time on the game
I played to level 459 and when i wanted to play again the game started at level 1 again. Very disgusted. How can I fix this. Worked hard to get to this level. Don't want to start over again
This game is frustrating. After playing multiple days on one level I start to loose interest. I like to play past levels when I get frustrated. This game doesn't make this possible. It also doesn't give you a chance to win coins that are needed to make in game purchases. I love this type of game but there are better apps out there that are more enjoyable this this game.
slow I like this game....but after level 200 it starts going very slow and it makes me point where I want the ball to go then I have to tap a couple of times for the ball to release. I've Uninstalled  a couple of times and it's the same thing
The game really nice but since I did the update yesterday it is crashing all the time.... Very annoying to start a party and having it stop and lose a life...
Very bad I can't play when I want, the freezes up all the time. I love the game but I am Uninstalle it now and find one just as good.
Very annoying..... Giving the same colored balls back to back is very irritating it takes the phone out of the game so does the fact that the only way to get coins is to buy them and then you pretty much use all your coins in on play not cool I will nvr pay real money for this game yall just took all the fun out it...
Customer service not responding I have sent three unanswered emails about being double billed for a purchase and no response. I love this game, but I would LOVE for someone to get back to me Did the makers decide to take some time off Was there some sort of freak accident at their office Did they all win the lotto and quit Did a zombie apocalypse happen that I wasn't aware of
NOT GETTING A GOOD VIB, SOMETHING IS NOT RIGHT... EARLY I RATED YOU GUYS A FIVE, BUT ONCE  I  KEEP GOING OVER AND OVER AGAIN, I'VE NOTICED SOME NEGATIVE  ISSUES ,  I DON'T BELIEVE YOU GUYS ARE GENUINE  ABOUT THIS GAME... SO  I'M GOING TO DELETE THIS  GAME APP 
Company takes your money and doesnt give purchased coins I paid to get more coins last weekend and never got them but the money was taken from my acct. Loved the game till this happened. Have sent two emails with no response and left this same review yesterday and now its gone. The developers of this game are crooks. Dont bother wasting ur time with this one
Would've gotten 5 Fun game, I love it....but making levels that are impossible to pass without paying money, and offering no way to gain these items...i.e. Watching adds, or downloading other games...you know for people who CAN'T afford to spend money, would be nice. Now I am annoyed and instead of enjoying this game it was made to feel like a chore.  Now I have no desire to play this game. Have a nice day.
