Latest update freeze Fiona's map started freezing with the Halloween update. Still experiencing the same with the latest Christmas update. So I'll never get to play the Fiona maps anymore. Maps I paid for.  Emailed customer service to no a avail. Very disappointed.
Updates Why can you guys add in Christmas items and everything, but you can't fix the freezing and crashing of the game Fix this and I'll rate 5 stars, because its a good game and everything, it just needs fixed.
Awesome Great game a few glitches but very fun game but keeps crashing and freezing up
Broken money grab Frequent performance issues and crashes on LG G3. On top of it, the game is a paid app implementing a lot of freemium mechanics. Very disappointing overall
Do not buy this game A fun game ruined by a premium cash shop service that would make even freemium games blush. Want to play the game as much as you like Buy gems. Want the good cards Buy gems. Want to reshuffle your deck crucial to continue the game Yup, you guessed it, buy more gems. Every dirty moneygrubbing trick you can think of, it's here. Don't buy it, or anything else from CN. It's a recurring theme with all of their products.
Waste of money. If your gonna pay 3 gems 3 to hit the algebraic Chest it SHOULD ALWAYS BE A RARE CARD over 3 stars. I'v hit the chest probably 30 times in all, only got like 45 super RARE cards to show for it Why. Please fix it. The update took an hour to finish, nothing has changed Besides the beginning startup where there wearing Xmas sweaters Everything else the same. I'm just upset because there's no seasonel algebraic Chest...
Unbeleavable I won the tournament and it did not give me my black card fix and will give five star
Don't waste your money It freezes a lot and wastes hearts, it is really annoying after the 5th time
Something wrong I keep get free gems and I I think it's a glitch so please help
Crashes every time The game freezes every time I'm in game, doesn't matter if it's story or online. I might be able to get past one level, without it freezing. I also hae lost gemsgetting my hit points back when the game freezes. Fix this, it was never like these before.
What's going on Well I got the fionna and cake content now the game freezes during quest wasting hearts for that battle, I have to force quit app because it just freezes with the camera zoomed out music playing but can't make a move can't quit can't do anything, sad to pay money on a app that decides not to work most of the time
It freezes every time I play strong monster I will change once problem fix
Glitches Don't waste your money, they have terrible customer service and the game barely works. Also in game purchases are expensive. Lost everything Had to uninstall and install again just to get the update. Please no one get this game, what a major rip off
I can't refund please respond
