Dissatisfied I made it to the winged fortress and cant pass it because its not wrkng the way it shld wish I cld get my money back or have this problem fixed cause then I wld be satisfied wld defiantly rate five star one of my fave retro games of all time
FIXED BUT THE MULTIPLAYER IS STILL BROKEN On my lg g3, if I try to play online, if I find somebody, the game will crash immediately.
ALL THE LEVELS SUCK Tails cant turn into super tails  fix this and i will give you 5 stars
It don't work Can see the beginning screen and menu but when game starts it a black screen Sound No Video
Poor control Dunno where the 5 stars are coming fromn, the controls in this version are very loose and slippy with no stopping power at all. In other words, you move a stick and across the stage uncontrollably you gosecond special stage near impossoble due to lack of vision and feedback as well as random speedups. And ive played the original enough times to know the difference
Ambitious but... I'd admire the ambition and loved what was done with sonic CD on psn but the lack of physical feedback from a touchscreen analogue stick is so hard to control. I've been playing sonic 2 since it was released and have completed it so many times but when I die repeatedly on aquatic ruin zone mostly due to control issues then I feel it's a valid complaint. It is a great looking game and would love to see it remade on pan, especially the special stages.
Crashing almost instantly I was so excited for this awesome game on my Asus Memo tablet, and when I opened it up it just crashed Its been about a month since I bought this game and I cant refund it. I'm dieing to play it and it shuts itself off. Is an update going to be available before September  fix as soon as possible for 5 stars Thanks
Extremely slow When I finally get to play the game on my GPad, it's like I am playing the game in slow motion. I've tried closing out all other apps, restarting the app, and even restarting my pad. The game is normal speed for the first 20 seconds of actual game play before being extremely slow.
