Does not open, please fix I should have trusted the most re ent review but this app closes the moment it's opened.  No error message, no warning.  Really disappointed, but hoping for a bug fix soon, otherwise, I need a refund too.
Doe's Open, It's crashing in my phone Dear Sir, I purchased your app, and trying to open it in my cell phone. It's not opening, as I open it its closing not even with error message. My mobile model is Lenovo A7000a with Android 5.0 with RAM 2GB and ROM 2GB. Kindly fix this and update me ASAP. Thanks, waiting for your replay. I purchased it based on your app feedback, kindly don't let us down. I will give 55 rating star once you reply to my issue and make it fix. Other wise, I need refund.
Unfortunately LetterSchool has stopped Won't even start up. Same problem that others are having. I need a refund.
This app was great when it worked on my old phone, but on my new phone galaxy s6 it shows the message unfortunately, letter school has stopped immediately after opening and closes.  This happens every time, making the app useless.  Please update, because I use this app quite often on my old phone.
My kids loved this app but it won't work on my Galaxy 6. I would love for this it be updated and fixed.
Crashes once it loads I PURCHASED this app and for a few weeks my daughter LOVED IT once it updated, I can't even open it It loads and when I try to leave home screen to start it immediately closes. No warning message, nothing, just shuts off. I'm super disappointed that I paid for the app and now can't access it. Also, my daughter has Autism and now has a melt down every time she grabs my phone and doesn't have access to it Please fix
Doesn't open I bought the full version today and it won't open. I am still waiting for a response. Would give it 5 stars if they can fix it for me.
Won't open on my G6 My son was so happy to play this and it won't even open.  So happy I paid money for the full version.....
Doesn't open on tablet App works great on my s4 but doesnt even open on my tab2 kids loves it on the phone but wants to play on the tablet please fix so I can give you a 5
Doesn't run Doesn't work at all.  Have latest version of Android, so I'm sure it's the game that is faulty.
Please fix Just purchased this app today for my student who loves it. However, it won't open. Please fix this problem
It was perfect a month ago My son absolutely loved this app. But now a month later, it won't even open. Smh while it worked it was great though. I hope it gets fixed.
App won't open Try to open app and doesn't open, this looks good for my son but disappointed he can't use it
Third timeno open This is the third time in the past month that I have tried to uninstall and reinstall this app to get it to work.  I have even contacted the app makers and no response on when this app will get fixed.  Glad I spent the morning for this app.
Used to work pre lollipop Just bought full version which worked perfectly on my hudl2 for the kids then upgraded to lollipop. Now closes as Soon as click on app. Not very happy. Please fix this
