WHY WHY WHY The only pack they let you have is the princess one. They won't even let you open the mermaid and fairy gift .if this does not get fixed I am seriously considering to delete it. And o am doing it now
Cool.....but It is an very cool game but you have to buy the rest of the game. You only get 2 dresses,and you can't put on an tale. Do not download it is an waist of time And if you do download it,you are making an VERY BIG mistake,I promise you 
Sad. Expensive. Not fun 5 yr old daughter was bored after 3 min. Couldn't access anything but the barbie. She's in love with unicorns right now and was very upset that she couldn't access it. Even after dressing a million barbies, nothing was unlocked. Very sad
I not so great It makes you bye like everything and I not going to waste my time for an app that I don't even like
I don't like it You have to buy the packs.which isn't right because children suspect that they can do whatever they what with barbie but they realize they need to buy the packs.I mean I don't hate it though.
Never play it You can't even unlock all the dresses because you have to pay money and you can't dress the horse or the other girls it is so bad that they do this,I did not know that this would be so bad because I do not read the comments. Please don't download this ,it is a waste of time for you. Hate it............HATE IT NEVER WILL PLAY THIS ,I AM GOING TO UNINSTALL THIS BORING GAME 
A little fun The game is fun but you can't do anything like you can't make her a mermaid so its fun but not fun
WTF This app is no where near cool or fun it is boring , this game is strictly for babies kids. I thought it would be a good type girly game but it is not IT BLOWS            I HATE BARBIE
Little one loves but horribly disappointed My little one loves the app but is so upset that she doesn't have access to everything. It is ridiculous that you have to pay for basically everything in app. Why bother putting under the free apps if 90 is locked and you have to pay to unlock it. Also here lately it has been having a glitch and freezes completely. Have even had issues even getting out of the app. Please fix or add more free items so it isn't so boring after 5 minutes.
Stupid game This game was horrible you have to buy the other items that don't even look cute the colors are ugly the dresses are God awful and the shoes are bloody horrible this game needs a lil update give the bloody game a update
Waste of time I looked through the comments and i saw that it said this is bad game,useless and when i saw it i said that they are but it is true it is so bad never downloaded what i am saying is true what i said is helpful and it took a very long time to load and only 3 or 4 dresses very bad
Boring They put the tails and all but they don't unlock them I hate this game I could of loved it if they unlocked every thing
No the best You can't buy a lot of stuff all the things are locked and you have to pay for them
No the best You can't buy a lot of stuff  all the things are locked any have to pay for them
Cool This game wasn't like I expected it to be like you can't d almost any thing because it is all locked up so how do people play a game that there is stuff you need to buy l just don't get it it is no fun when people do that
