I can't even open it I wait it so long time because my network is having a problem, and when it finished, it can't open I hope I can rate it 5 stars
Eh... Its good but when I'm playing it glitches and its cool and all that when you exit it may not save your world, but it will save fish if u create the world the exact same again, but it freezes on men ' oh and BTW u also can open it with a good divice.
Too sloooooooooooow As soon as I installed it, it said that it doesnt work then I opened it again and it took apmost an hour to get to the instructions 
cant build I can even craft a crafting bench I cant pick some things in enventory this is the worsest mincraft ever
NNNNNOOOOOO I just downloaded it  and now it won't even open. What the crap. Make it a better game. If not take it off of the play store.
Horrible Plain,couldn't do anything I recommend that you shouldn't get the game.
Gotta be better The thing is that it would not let you craft in crative mode  u gotta gr simple craft2 but u do not have to pick u up items to craft
It doesn't let me do anything All it lets me do is look around. It keeps opening things by its self.
It suck I tried to fight the mobs I could not even hit the dont get it
It deletes all my stuff when I exit
Rubbish It keeps glitching it's so annoying do not get this app
I like Minecraft I like Minecraft because you can     build
Yeah this game has way to many glitches when you close your inventory your arm spazes out and then my screen turns white and gose to the home page even in bug fixes
Can have a open please Me too.
How do u make a crafting table I have no idea how to make a crafting table pls help
Srry dont like it Its sooo weird U can see water at the end of world Need 2 fix it I hate it
Poor game Full of ads. Like twice a minute. Then after the ad. The game crashes. If you able to fix that I would love this game.
Soo long I am downloading the game and it is taking forever to download I am at 7 then 9 I mean it don,t get it
Play It Start to play this game and you won't want to get off of it
Im srry...BUT THIS APP SUX CANT EVEN OPEN
It keeps on laging I
Trying to play sugar smash not worth my time playing it
