DO NOT BUY You only get to play this game once. Once you run out of cheats you have to buy them every time. The questions are idiotic Not fun at all. I personally think the makers of the game write the good reviews about the game so people can buy it. I beg you to not buy this game don't waist your time and money on this app.
Dumbest game on the store Yes it was only 99 cents, but I've never wanted 1 dollar back in my pocket so much before. This game has no 'riddles' and no 'trick questions'. It has stupid questions that serve  no purpose other than making you dumber than you ever thought possible.
You have to spend more. I paid for the app but if you run out of chances you have to purchase more. Also no smart questions either, just tricky ones.
HORRIBLE The app doesn't even open when you install it It keeps on saying error. And I can't even get a refund Don't waste your time and money on this Its a horrible app
Horrible...other reviews likely written by seller Not a puzzle game.  These are not puzzles, riddles, questions, even fun.  The levels are esoteric, stupid and require no intelligence, only that you purchase more cheats.  Would love a refund for my time and money.
WASTE of  So I spend my 99 cents on this game and I go to open it and it says error this application has been corrupted. Dont waste your money on this.
Cheats I just spent 2 bucks on cheats and I didn't receive any... cheating people out of their cheats is no way to run a business.
Disappointed Half the levels are exactly the same as the free version, so you need to do 50 levels you've already done to even start the new levels you paid for.
It's a rip off This game is the worst purchase ever I have made on Google Play. The puzzles are not puzzles at all.. they are just dumb questions that have equally dumb answers that call on your stupidity than intelligence. What's more,  you need to purchase credits to find the answers. I paid for this app and boy do I really regret it.
Too many stupid questions Like how many apples in the tree Then you must first shake the phone and let more apples appear..
WE HAVE TO SEE ANWER FOR EVERY QUESTION Boooooring game every time I have to see anwers not free the maker of this game has lost his brain mad fellow..we can see anwers on youtube hehehehehehe.......
App won't work I loved the free version so i downloaded pro version and it tells me that the game is corrupted. Don't waste money.
Virus Didn't seem no different then the free version for tried playing it and it had the same games. But now since the latest update my system did an update and found a virus in this program and erased it on me.
Corrupt I payed for the game, and it says the application is corrupt. I bought it, finishes what's my iq. Tried to switch to pro, and ran out of time for a refund. Bullshit if you ask me. Don't buy, it's a rip off.
Hmm You run out of chances and it won't even let you buy more. Says app is not configured or something or other. Fix your app or give us all OUR money back
I think I'm actually dumber now This game is just plain stupid. I am actually dumber for having payed  played this game...it says to think outside the box but its the actual thinking that should not be done otherwise you'll lose. Plus 3 cheats just for 1 solution when every puzzle is so ridiculous you need help the cheats go really fast
Typos For an IQ game, it sure has a lot of  typos and grammar errors. The puzzles are way too easy and lame.
Refund. ........ It doesnt let me play the game, all it says is This application has been corrupted I would love my dollar back please.
