Still a great game but the newest update was one step forward and two steps back. I've sent a pretty detailed list of the positives, and the negatives, to Days of Wonder so hopefully they'll consider making some changes.
Updated version is absolutely terrible Come on guys get rid of this terrible terrible updated version. The previous was a 5 star and this new version is a 1 star. Crashing all the time and a poor poor setup and display. Didn't nail this one
Great game, new app is broken and should probably be rolled back Love the game but the newest update crashes constantly, rejects other music apps, and has way too many popups intended to help. To the developer consider a roll back to the prior version until you get the new one fixed, maybe have a talk with your testers..
New vesion is worst. Crashes even 30 Seconds. Can not play at all. Also game has tons of bugs in it. Not at all smart algorithm being used. One of the worst update After I reinstalled it, it crashes every 4 seconds. Does not even let me select tracks.
Fun Game, almost totally broken I love the board game, and this version has potential, but online is completely broken and crashes, and there are often bugs in the single play game as well
Great game,  bad update On Galaxy 10.1 Tablet,  when starting game after update,  goes to verifying download, but doesn't verify last 20 MB. Crashing when trying to access achievements. Not bothering with playing until update is fixed.
I'm done for now What was wrong with it The old version was so much smoother. Sometimes basic is better.
Fix it Loved it before the upgrade Now its crap and won't let me create games or join them. What's the deal
Update Crashes Kicks me out at the beginning of each game, can't get back in.
What about the US crashes Go back to the old version while you work out the bugs.  And your response to other players to update if it freezes on the final screen is wrong.   Updating causes the problem, it does not solve the problem.
New update sux Can't log in to play online games ever since the update. Keep getting server error, connection error. Sooooooooo frustrating. Also when I could log on, the ability to kick off lowscore players from my game was taken away. Sux
REALLY Updated the game and it seems more like a downgrade....  I can't even play it anymore
Update is terrible. Crashes and is full of pop up ads. The prior version was great but this new update makes the game a waste.
Broken Local multiplayer doesn't work at all, and online games keep crashing after a few turns
What happened Won't let me play online. Says server error then closes the game every time. Was perfect before the update. Please fix.
Update is awful No way out. Constant server errors and authentication issues.
Updated version thumbs down I use to love playing this game. It was quick and flowed nicely, now it takes ages to start and it crashes more often and is harder to work. Not understanding the create and join options. Also, I bought Europe and Switzerland on the old version and now I can only seem to play America. Not happy at all
Could be better Love the board game and the fact that you can play on the go with the app BUT it's pointless to have for me since I can't do local play with others.
