What gives, Gameloft Just contacted customer care by email and I was told to save my progress on another device by downloading the game and logging in using the main menu. Guess what There is no option for logging in I am not surprised by this, as this is not the first time I've lost my progress. Gameloft really needs to get a clue, as reading other posts show I'm not the only person with these issues. Get on it, Gameloft, or you will lose A LOT of customers.
Horrible since last update. Had over 2k gems and the city 34 built. Everything reset and was lost with last update. Sent email received absolutely no response. Same thing happened about 6 months ago when they removed the option to connect via Facebook. At that time had over 4k gems city complete and over 5million coins. Twice lost all progress and had to start over. My son loves this game but it is time to move on to something more reliable.
Another devices I cannot move my progress to another device... I've tried many times with many devices... You guys should give an attention to this issue
For an older versions I love cars game but when update I have lost my cars my level my coins my dimionds I hate right now what the hell is this I have lost my time I need every thing back please do some thing please        lolx 15  10  2015       again every thing lost lolx wtf should I play it again n again lolxxxx
Just had a new update and wont even open the app very disapointing as i made inapp purchases which was gems and now will have to unistalll and i will loose all the games and gems
Installed the recent update and now it wont let my son play. It says downloading, and when its done it closes out. I try and open the app and it closes again. My son loved this game, and hated to delete it. Please fix this issue.
I'm beginning to think this app is a scam. Not only did the Daily Challenges vanish, but the Weekly Challenges have as well. This leaves no other options for me to acquire gems but to spend actual money for them. And with prices that high, I refuse to buy gems. One year ago, this app was enjoyable, but now I see that tech support is doing absolutely NOTHING to fix these problems. Just scheming and scamming.
Better Business Bureau needs to investagate Awful,  been playing for almost a year, was high level, spent money on my track, lost everything due to this last upgrade. If you loose your phone, you lose your game. Cant have personal account in which you can play on different devices, didn't know until this moment. Terrible, very unhappy and angry. A support group against this company should be made, and law suit should be filed.
Google Play Misguided Users The section from where I downloaded this game was named as Games Without Internet. However after downloading I got to know that this game runs only on internet. Google should refrain from such cheap tricks to sell its apps. Now who's going to compensate me for my data loss 
Not working After a desinstalation made by my son, it won't work again. I managed to reinstall but not working, how can it be
Very disappointed Ever since the new update I can't open up my game. If I have to reset all my data on it just to make it work I'm gonna uninstall and never play again. I love this game but I was very far along and I don't wanna restart all that.
I will give you 5 stars if you will fix it, i can't upgrade my cars in the garage because random cars are chosen.
DISAPPOINTED Been playing for a while now, I love and my little boys do as well. NEW UPDATE WON'T LET ME OPEN APP. I SEE LOTS OF OTHERS HAVING SAME ISSUE. This app is large and I just used close to a GB on UPDATE. What a waste. PLEASE FIX THIS ISSUE FAST, AS WE WOULD LOVE TO CONTINUE TO PLAY THANK YOU
Worst I downloaded it but it is not responding...means wen we will open the app it is directly getting closed...plz help me
Garbage Still really disappointed. An update they released 715 wrecked my paid progress. Customer service was very unhelpful, taking weeks to answer me and stating 'there'd be a fix update soon'... 3 months later and still no option to connect to FB or G. Why would you ever remove a cloud save feature
Updates with no updates I haven't had a night race35 days race in a long time. When is it gg to be fixed Ipad plays fine but not samsung note Pls fix this.
Eyin Weray Kaa da fun yin...E gbe gaamu oshi si ibi e wa ni kaa maa download e...Ori yin ti buru danu
