I already gave 9.99. Used to be good. I purchased as imap weather radio and now would have to pay a yearly fee to use it. WHY 
Was Good,  Tech Support Rude This app used to be great. The last update is a step back in design and functionality.  It failed to update for over week or so.  Contacted tech support and was told to search the issue elsewhere,  it wasn't their problem, it was Google's or my Internet..... despite this being the only app that failed to update.....  Tried on multiple connections.... Spend your money elsewhere.
ALREADY PAID 10. FOR THIS ONCE After i did your update NOW you want another 4.99 for lightening  radar  Unbelievable. All i want is the  counties i had ALREADY programed in my app to work Ive ALREADY PAID 9.99 ONCE
Update stinks Ever since the update, the radar has been very unreliable. We are currently surrounded by thunderstorms and the radar is clear.
Use to be one of the best weather apps. Just average since update
Doesn't work since the update Frustrating
Horrible This app is garbage ever since they revamped it. Radar doesn't work. It's a shame this was previously a 10 app.
No longer my Favorite app Don't like it anymore. Just a big messy over complicated  headache. Can't find anything. We'll be blown away dead before we can get the alerts to work correctly or waiting to hear one for that matter. Need to be able to pick more than 1 overlay. Just to much wrong.
Please fix the volume What good is the app if I can't hear the alert tone Please use a louder alert tone. The EAS tone comes to mind...
No alerts I got an alert for my location and I only knew about it after opening the app
CAT 5 Hurricane not on radar WTF I almost drove into the path of a EF5 hurricane patricia. No mention of it on the app not even on hurricane interface i was furious when I saw this exact same app for free from WRAL Weather Alert. Same interface and everything Dont waste your money when you can get it for free.
Update is bad UNINSTALL
Radar won't show Map image on radar won't show. I can see the pin where I'm located but no images of the ground or weather show only Tony magnifying glasses show up.. I paid for this ap I'd expect it to run well. Galaxy Note edge
First this app has failed many times to alert to thunderstorms until the storms have actually passed. Also when it does alert it's very short alarms. They need to be louder and nosier
Alert sound not loud enough It would be awesome if you could change the alert tone or make it louder. Why not use the annoying EAS tone or something It would be perfect if it actually woke me up when we have a tornado warning...
Not Knoxville The only thing it has for Knox is the newspaper not national weather service of Morristown. Why We have a tornado warning so this was critical to try and find the location of it.
