Ads, ads, ads Uninstalled due to the numerous onslaught of adverts. Honestly, DO NOT install this game unless you enjoy constant adverts.
Money Grab Was once a good game when they had offline mode and no in app purchases. Now you can't play more than a finite amount of time before you absolutely have to buy clubs with real money. Easy fix I uninstalled it and won't be playing it ever again.
The game play is frustrating at best. The wind aspect is very inconsistent. VERY unforgiving on the power meter. Reading the greens is all but impossible from the fairways and tees. The view is too far away and there is nothing on the ground to help. Credits are not forthcoming so improving clubs beyond the bottomfeeder clubs means paying A LOT of real money for the CHANCE at better game play and improved scores.
Was great, now freezes always Was great, worked fine, now i can't complete a game without it freezing, even a 3 hole quick game is impossible to complete.
Kiss my a This games sucked I goes my high speed 4g late is not good enough for it so you can go suck a pole
Service error Won't load says service error. Cannot load Data at this time..fix now
Laughable As long as you go into it knowing they literally F you on the greens every which way from Sunday and realize that to be really good, it's gonna cost you hundreds of dollars... You'll be good. Chipping and pitching are laughable to the point that the flop shot is all you have. If this game had any real competition, they'd be out of business in a month. Game physics blow, Enjoy
Money grabbing sobs It will take you a year to get clubs enough  to compete unless you spend a hundred bucks of real money. You can go to wal mart and spend  125.00 and get real clubs  and play real golf. Game play is good, graphics are good but unfettered capitalism at its worst. RIGGED, RIPOFF, THIEVES, CROOKS, DO NOT INSTALL.
Inconsistent The greens are inconsistent,  extremely frustrating game.  Graphics are realistic but the game really sucks.  Every time I play I am reminded how much I hate it
No balls I paid for better golf balls and they don't show up in my equipment. No refund has been given to me even though I contacted the developer. Don't purchase anything from this bogus app. What a joke
Shouldn't even be a game No words can describe how horrible this app is If it was an option, I would give it a 5 WHERE ARE THE CREATORS OF THIS GAME I NEED TO TALK TO THEM
connection lost when playing against another playergame paused for reconnect every now and then which is extremely irritating also,  no way to earn credit by playing, only by paying
