Was liking it, but... The last update has ruined the game. I'm haunted by a loop of endless ads. Seriously. It won't progress past an endless loop of syncing and ads and won't let me play. It was actually fun. And for whatever reason for a month or so ads weren't an issue. Now it's nonstop ads and no game play. Sad. Guess that's why there're thousands of games out there. Time to move on
Ads make this game, Not worth the effort  nice graphics good directional controls...shame
Holly crap, bad testing, just like a prototype game Game is good, but lvl 40 crush finish story line also crush, wtf. Replay and replay. This will be last time i install it. Crush again i'll leave it. After 5 day now new bugs, Wifi or data Cannot read, cannot save game. Daily mission and armo miss count Advertisement can load properly just Soulcraft got problem want buy no gold member cannot This is not game, is news paper, play once trow
No gold,but money ftom my bank I posted a problem a week ago and no reply,so i'm uninstalling. Sad thing is i really loved the game,but cant stand people stealing from me,bah.
I used to like it Last update includes 30 second ads from other games. Also you constantly die at lvl 10 without spending money on the game, even with wise crafting choices.
Great but... It's a great game but the ads are so bad that it practically forces u to buy the gold membership. It's really y sad to see a great game go down like this
Force stop When I finish a quest.. Why it says soulcarf has stopped WHY Fiiiiixxxxx it Then I'll give you 5 stars
Carry on....but Like this game when it says offline playing, but loop of gold too expensive for upgrade the character and its items developer reduce it and add one or more slot character for playing.
Force Closes. Doesn't work on Samsung Galaxy S2 SGHT989.
Downloading the cracked .apk Potions increase price every time I buy them. I have to wait to play. Too many ads. Too much pay to win. Downloading the cracked version.
bad condetioned not sync the game i always waited the daily reward but it wouldnt ... fux it
Doesn't work on Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 12.2 The game doesn't work on my tablet therefore it is worthless.
UHHHHHHH SYUPID This game dont work
Server Lost acc even though I saved my hero on server....lame
i liked to but... very laggy...fix it even it's free..shamefull
