Takes dice First it took 8 dice when I went to play in medaterainian. When I clucked in four cards it took it then sent me to St Charles place  then I played again and won 20 dice by filling up my collection. I went to Connecticut and clicked on four cards and paid 12 dice. It said I couldn't join at this time and took all 20 dice I had just earned. Then I see that it took ten gems Please fix this for a better rating
Every time I'd press of the amount of cards i wanted it kept saying cant join this game right now but it still took all my dice now i gotta wait another 20 hours to get more it shouldnt take your dice if it can join a join a game at the time yup another uninstall for me
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME LIKE I DID Took ages to download.... and after all that it won't connect to its own server and just says waiting to load assets then after about 5 minutes it decides to crash.
Would be a cool game if... Took till 3 or 4 numbers were called before my card would show then after playing for about 15 minutes it crashed
It Lags I couldn't play the game because it lagged even after I'd boosted the ram. It also didn't show things, like my collections.
I used to like this game, but over the last week when I try to play in a room, it says unable to join room but it takes the dice for the cards.  It has taken around 250 dice doing this.
Force closing I loved this game but now when I try to open it.  It keeps force closing and saying app has stopped unexpectedly please help or I will have to uninstall...
I can't add friends I cannot send nor receive gifts because the game won't let me add anyone. When I click on the social tab, it says coming soon, but soon never seems to come Fix this for a better rating
Bingo Played challenge for Disco City. Win 25 Bingo in two days Win 45 gems. I completed this and received 45 gems. BUT Next Game all 45 GEMS where taking away. Now I am out the tickets i used to play and the Gems I win. I have received no reply from the e emails I sent.
Monopoly bingo Haven't played in 6 days due to connection issues...keeps telling me no internet access.  None of my other games are having problems...has to be this games glitch somewhere.   Needs to be fixed
Needs some tweeking When I load the app it's very slow. When I get collectibles I can't see them. They seem to be loading but don't show up.
Horrendous Carbon copy of Storm8's other Bingo game, except from the fact this doesn't work at all. Takes ages to download even on my fibre optic broadband which is lightning fast, and after that, it lags horrendously even though I'm using a Xperia Z3
Bingo I would rate game higher but it so hard to earn cash to buy keys and power ups. Fix it where it's not and will rate higher. It takes to long to complete collections.
Don't waste your time playing this game I being playing for a while this game and I haven't win a tournament. And it's having a bad connection too.
Around 15 numbers went by before I got a number. This game is not as fun as it seems. It takes a long  time  to get dice and those extra things are no help cause you never get those numbers
Steals your dice Said it couldn't connect to game after i tried to play and it took my dice anyway  obviously my Internet works or i wouldn't be able to post this. Really mad
Broken heart Loves this game until it stopped connecting on my phone. It plays on the tablet major lag so I can't really enjoy this game too much. So sad about it not connecting.
