Still after a year this game has connection issues I got this game over a year ago. It would always disconnect or wouldn't connect to their server in the first place. 3G or 4G, both are constantly up on my end, I want my money back. Not worth the hassle.
What happened Would've given a higher rating, but I just lost all of my progress because I was asked to long on the Facebook and now I cannot log out.
When the app works I would give it a higher rating. There are a lot of bugs with this app though. The videos are always unavailable. The daily snap shot doesn't always show you what you are looking for. During the searches sometimes the objects are behind the pictures that you are looking for or the bones so you can't see them or click on them. The missions are no longer available or you have to watch videos that are no longer available. It has been months since they have added an updates.
My game has disappeared and it made me start all over again. Not only that, but my purchase to remove ad has gone and the ads are back
Waldo and Friends Great game....too many long ads. Don't want to spend more time watching ads than playing the game. Fix this please
Lost everything 102015 After months of playing,  I opened the game...to the tutorial.  Everything was back to square one. I have screen shots of my Google Play Achievements, so hopefully IT will be able to get me back to where I was...if so, I'll ammend my rating...
Why did this happen This would have been a 5 star rating but I went in one day and all my progress was gone after months of playing everyday.
Doesn't work This was a huge disappointment. Doesn't respond and is way too big for my tablet screen. Don't waste your time
Sick of game I am a big Waldo fan but this version stinks. Sometimes I have to  tapp repeatedly and it can take 10 times before it let's me have it. This becomes a problem since all searches are timed. Waldo games in the past weren't always timed. Totally distroyed all the fun.
Needs work I got the starter pack and didn't get the items I payed for. And now it won't let me finish up the tasks it gives please help it is not working,     where is an up date on this been waiting for 2 months now for new levels I'm in limbo here no more give tasks to do or nothing just doing hide and seek I have lots of coins,                   I still never got my started pack and not a refund either, and got the up date but no new stuff just crappy  adds so dissapointed
Doesn't work on phone.. I love the game. It works great on my tablet but on my phone, Verizon LG G3 it won't let me play...it just keeps saying it can't connect.. I have 4g LTE which sometimes goes down to 3g at the most...please fix
It's what you'd expect from a game with energy and other currency. All my daily missions require connecting to Facebook to accomplish, which I do not prefer. Not what I was hoping for in a Waldo game.
Lost all my progress This was a fun game and I was getting pretty far. Today the game wouldn't load and said it was under repair. Then when it loaded it started the whole thing over. It was fun, but not so fun as to play from the beginning again. Bummer.
Disappointed I paid for no ads still get ads it ripped me off I also paid for a super offer twice for all three gems energy and  bones only was given the energy so basically stole my money
Worst Game Ever To many ads when playing this game... Also takes more energy when doing a mission than should be used. Just logged in after giving 2  and I only have 60 coins when we had over 300. I wish I could give negative stars this would be 10
Fun but.... There's WAY too many ads 30 seconds after almost every search. This game is fun, when it's working, and if you're willing to sit through the ads. I'd love to give it a higher rating but it's not that good. I wouldn't bother downloading it, there's a lot more games like this with less of the hassle.
What the  I just got this app and it is not working if they fix the problem I may decide to download again you just lost a customer.
Paid for ads to be removed yet still there Can I plz have a refund on the money you took from me I still have the bloody annoying ads
Fix this Creating a Where's Waldo game for Android was a brilliant idea, but it was completely ruined I was so pumped to play this for the nostalgia, but it's been more frustrating than ever. Between hunts, the ads are WAY TOO LONG. I put up with it for awhile until the whole app would start crashing halfway into the stupid ads. On top of all of this, this game tries to suck money out of the player. Ridiculous. This is a kids game Will be uninstalling.
Junk I was more than willing to give 5 stars, but this morning it said  THAT WAS A TERRIBLE TWISTER  and it started me from the beginning of the game... I had almost everything unlocked. I am uninstalling within 24 hours if this is not fixed. I had 12 keys saved now I have none. Will change rating if it's fixed.
I'm giving it 1 star for now till I see how it works. I installed and uninstalled today because it wouldn't open. Hopefully I will change my rating to a 5 later. Just tried it on my phone too and same issues, too bad it looked interesting. Will not open Had nothing but trouble on tablet and phone. I have to hit the pic more than 20 times before I get a check and times running the whole time
Not fun waiting to play I used to spend hours and hours reading these books at the library, its very nice to see them in an app, however, its not so nice to have to wait 5 minutes just to be allowed to flip the page.
Took my money I spent 6.11 over a week ago to get the permanent extra 100 power points. They have not been added to my game. Please do this and i will change my rating
