Cool game but the screen has some sort of glitch,plz fix it. I has random lines that block the screen. I am using Samsung Tab 4. I realy love this game plz fix it.
H2k Hockey game no good doesn't allow me to pick my team. ..very difficult setup  please refund me.
Needs more features for the price... Things like custom playoffs only and gm mode beyond one season.
Keeps shutting down wont load at all plz reimburse me its bs paid 3 dollars for a non working game thank you
HELP I got a new phone and lost my my career. Is it supposed to transfer or is there any way of getting it back. I played a bunch and my guy was almost a 99 all around. I dont want to start over.
I want my money back Loaded fine until I got the the game and all the players were scrambled.  Now I spent a month with back and forth emails trying to fix the problem and nothing was resolved.  Now to figure out if I can get a refund or just never purchase 2k games ever again.
So bad it makes me sick Yet another update, and period length bug is still not fixed. Moga mode A only only ingame No menu navigation not ready for Android TV . Incompetent support team. Pretty poor overall. It's a total fraud. Any hockey game on a emulator is better than this, and will have multiplayer. It's a shame.
Terrible Game won't load properly on my Samsung S5 phone or Samsung Tablet.  On phone game crashes shortly after start and on tablet half of screen fills with thick black lines during gameplay.  Major disappointment and waste of money.
Please help me When ever I turn on the game and start a match  the screen starts glitching  and you can't see anything if nothing is can be done about this at least give me a refund I am using Samsung galaxy tab 4
Wow. Not happy at all  This game is one of the worst games for the money. I am very disappointed. I can't do half the stuff I should be able to do on the game. I thought OK I will try it for a day or so and see if I like it. Always give things a chance. In this case it just made it worse. Thinking its not for all phones is the problem. My friend has it on his phone and he loves it and can move about with no problem. Very unhappy for the price. Deleting game Sorry
Too many glitches Really REALLY wanted to like this game, but career mode is just filled with glitches. Gave it about 9 hours of play to really make up my mind, but It's not worth the money right now, just wish I could get a refund.
Please fix the consistent crashing of this game app This is a cool fun hockey game to play for hours when it doesn't crash The crash message reads the following Unfortunately, NHL2K has stopped. Please fix this problem for me as this is my favorite mobile game  I don't want to risk losing all my achievements by uninstalling it  reinstalling it again I will raise my game rating once the problem is fixed  I am satisfied with the result  Thank you in advance NHL2K.
Total crap Pixelated garbled mess. Unplayable garbage. Please explain how they can release this unfinished junk on people Can barely believe my eyes when I see this crap on screen. Would rather have root canal while being waterboarded with hot cat urine, while being pummeled with pinballs thrown at me by Randy Johnson.
Waste of time and money Game is expensive.  It crashes constantly.  Controls are finicky.  Passing can lead to many unintentional icings.  Cycling is pointless.  The AI is stupid.  Stats are a mess.  My goalie can post a 0.250 save  and still win by a touchdown.  Yuck
Can't Even Play It literally crashes everytime I try to start a game of any kind. Can't even start a game, bug fixes please
Hello Anyone else noticing that's EA's updated fifa 15 and realized 26 on mobile devices while we're still stuck in 2k11 so please, please update to 16 or at least 15
Crashing at start of 2nd season game I love this game as I loved playing this game on the iPhone.  However, the android version is crashing every time I start playing 2nd game of my season.  IPhone version is also buggy, but not as bad as this.
Wtf This may be the worst money I have ever spent. You cant hit people, graphics suck, no fights. 2k is only good with basketball and I think ea might be taking that over too. EA is ten times better.
Plz fix I love hockey I was so excited to get this game but it stopped working I wanted to play winter classic mode but it said it stopped working so please fix or I refund so fix NOW
