Was 5 stars Having this issue where after the first game multiplayer, the next game is random and usually draw. I love this app tho Edit uninstalling game disconnects during games, screwed up my rating...
Rigged game Worst one sided game I have played. Hate it with a passion. Don't believe one person can get stuck with double 6 like I do when playing  other people.
keep having connection issues  i love this game so plz fix
Update screwed everything up
Freezes Crap
T this app didn't show up on my phone. Fix the bug please. I cannot get into it but t says it's in my apps.
This game cheats it does not give you your score or your money when you are in turn. and it forgets the big spender while skipping you turn. No thanks I'll pass like it did me....
T Siebels Everytime I try to play, it loses connection to the server. None of my other apps have that problem.
Ridiculous Seems like the game automatically pickes who wants to win from the get go. My last 20 games i only won 3 THREE It blows. Dont waste your time. There is this guy name edward or something that spams the chat all the freaking time. Something needs to be done about it.
Issues The game is fun but to many issues trying to log in, can only play a person one time then have to leave, etc.. to much of a problem.   I miss Yahoo games.. updated a star for a reply with option to contact to fig out problems. Really LIKE that. I have yet to contact, will update once I do  see how we can fix this as it would be very nice.
Can't play Keeps circling back and forth between terms of service and enable cookies even tho I checked them.
I use to like this game. But then I start noticing that it's rigged. When you win, you'll get no more than 11pts but when you lose, it always takes 20 from you. The lobby is a MESS, you always have people in there that does nothing but talk about each other and their race. I think when you do that, the game should automatically block you, so u can't create another account. Also, some of the pictures on their are not appropriate. Smh
Had to Uninstall anyone can win and it make sure everybody wins even if you don't know how to play u get a winning hand for sure straight B.S with the updated can't see why the game give you unbeatable hands  still determines winner the stars would be a 5 if it weren't for the predetermine winners Uninstall again with the updated it's still so predictable and choose the winner before the first bone is layed
If I could give this a 0 I wouldShuffle system is so messed up. Play for a bityou'll see for yourself. Garbage DEVELOPER reply is just junk mail.nothing addressed. At the least all players should be kicked at the first time delay.still no resolution. App crashes constantly and you lose your points. Any other dominoes game is better
I don't know what's up with this game...how can there be five dominoes on the board and with one pick from the boneyard the other guy gets the domino...I don't know the analysis from making this app....but something needs to be corrected...update...after I put up a bad review...I haven't one a game since....smh...I this game is sooooo frustrating
Total scam of a game Still garbage. I only bother playing against the computer, because when you play against people, this game is a joke. You win 7 you loose 7. I've played over 300 games on this thing and I'm on 50. This is not based off of skill, but on the piece of crap logic that's built on handing out numbers. It makes zero sense from a probability perspective. Don't waste your time or money on this thing. Total scam.
I'm deleting this cheating lopsided game This game cheats. I went from a rating of 900 all the way down to 0. Pure fukery I play way better than this game allows.
Bullshit Game cheats I pull ten dominos while my opponent only pulls one and its always the one they need. Then on top of that I have lost 25 games in a row not because I'm not a good player but the games already had the hands presetdon't download waste of time
Fed up This is the 2nd time I've had to delete this app because it won't open. Just says loading with the circle spinning. Everything else is working, yuck that's disappointing and annoying. I liked this app before. I'm DONE
