Cnt play after I switched to my new mobile I hv been playing tekken card since many months ... Recently i changed my device mobile phone And now game is not sync with my google It says Thus account has already been used..to use the same account first sign out from ur google by pressimg disconnect buton. I dnt have access to my previous device any more. Any one tell me wat to do
Earning. Other than buying, there is no way to have decent cards, choosing one chara and completing challanges needs alot of luck and time to do it over and over. Without paying, you get nowhere basically. 2 stars, a good overall game, but kind of limits you more than it should.
Never install this game It requires an internet connection to play, and how can one play this game by boring cards. Just spoiled my 220 MB. I have 45 MB tekken game for android which is far better than this bug.
Sucks bad game you take tekken to a low bad level Poor action i loved tekken since i was young and now you bring thus stupid card game shame on you please unleash he'll and let us hit our opponents without cards
It's Ok The game's ok it's just annoying fighting the cpu on medium and higher because they read your moves. And some characters have a good advantage over others which can be annoying because it can force u to use a character u normally dont use or stop playing. And u get no rewards from playing arcade and the fusion system makes it worst.
Bakvaas game Bullshit bakvaas game never dounload it's consumed your near about 300 mb data and at last you got BABA G KA THULLU
Fix suicide yoshi. This is the most ridiculous deck and is extremely umbalanced. It is no fun to just sit there and lose all your health and cards every turn. Fix this right now.  You still haven't fixed this. UPDATE                    Are you guys just stupid or what This is a very annoying game breaking deck... You will never get any more than 1 star from this TWO AND A HALF YEAR PLAYER until you get rid of this deck or at least balance it out.
Worst game of play station I have ever played Are you kid of 2 3 years old who playing card games of 250 mb it's totally bullshit and waste of time data and energy...... 
Deceiving players zero star This company made a habit of cheating players. How well we maintain the deck, it gives unwanted cards at bad places and bad timing. There are many genuine other games which are nice than this.
It's a worst game I've ever seen.... Guys don't ever download this game we can't negative there is no button to operate it really sucks
Hell I downloaded the game but in my geonni s5.5 game does not start, i waste my 1.3gb internet data on this game,plzz tell me what shoud i do
Card battle. Naahhh,  it's so corny . 3things focus strike block  Lol I don't like this
Rubbish This game sucks, i expected something better, I've been a fan of tekken since i was little, but you guys really screwed up this time
Tekken Card Problems Constant Nerfs and Not listening to most players feedback or what needs to be fixedbugs constant message after I win saying Game Problem Detected and it marks it as a draw and You get no points.
