What's the sense... If I'm not able to view live sports from my phone  almost as big as a tablet. Viewing options are for tablets, pc's or tv... why not on my Note I can download the app, but can't watch the content You also have to be a subscriber of cable TWC, Comcast, Uverse etc... I've got TWC but still can't watch my games on the go with ESPN. Sucks
Can't cast Sat thru 34 of a game with no problems... then all of a sudden it says my cast session has stopped and it won't cast again... this app needs to work out the bugs.
Makes viewing all but impossible It seems like the stream for any popular event MNF and such just doesn't work. I've never been able to get through a full major sporting event in this app without issues.
Beware of this app Not supported Not supported for video on Android 5.1.1 on Samsung Galaxy S6. Please fix Pop up error Available on your tablet, computer or connected TV device EDIT apparently no video error only for MNF.
Comcast If apps are the future of media consumption, then shouldn't it be just as easy to open an app as it is to change channels I ask because I'm SICK of having to log into the app every time I want to watch something. Either Remember Me, or don't even offer that as an option.
Stupid App What good is an app to watch sports on the go if I have to be connected to my home network, PC or TV  Waste of time and data
Doesn't work on phone on home WiFi How lovely, no phones, even if connected to the same network as my Roku or PC I can use the Time Warner app to watch EspnU, but not ESPN's own app to watch the Monday nighter. 5 inch Note 4 Nope. Nexus 7 This is just dumb.
Does its job but not for phones Trying to watch Monday night football on my phone but the app tells me it's only compatible with a tablet, computer or tv... What's the point of an app that I can't watch on my phone
Just the worst Kicked me off of the NE Pats vs. Bills game and won't let me back on. Tells me I can't watch on my phone with the app. Look on my tablet, tv, or computer. Wtf espn. Seriously. Ruining everything from CT. Like you haven't screwed Bristol up enough you ruin my life too.
THIS APP SUCKS  WILL NOT LOAD AT ALL. Was working great, but has failed to load for the last six months, hopefully this update fixes the problem.
Garbage app Constantly hangs and requires restarting while watching. Sometimes five minutes, sometimes 10 minutes, sometimes 40, but if I'm trying to watch anything other than clips of no interest, it WILL require a restart.
Doesn't work with Chromecast Worked fine for half the game and then stopped working. Works fine during commercials and then conveniently experiences a network issue as soon as the game comes back on.
Not showing me the game it titles I'm trying to watch my home game in California. It says it's playing my game live. The channel I select is my team. But all I see is some big 10 post game interviews.... I am missing the first first half of my game for interviews. This can't be right. Especially when you have multiple channels on this app.
God awful You either lose sound or picture on all critical plays in football. Its almost as if it is on purpose. If you cant get it right, then you shouldnt even offer the app. God help us if you ever decide to start charging for it. Its absolutely worthless
Constantly crashes or won't load Samsung Galaxy S4. It spools non stop or gives Stopped working message
Really No phones are supported My phone is as big as a tablet but I can't watch a game because it's not technically a tablet 210, would not recommend.
It will not allow me to open the app. It keeps doing the same thing over and over for days now it days unfortunately it had stopped
Can never watch what I want I used to be a able to watch everything in my phone now this app sucks Either not available in my area or only available on tablet or connected computer. Might as well delete
Not what I would expect from ESPN Not a very good app from a giant company like ESPN. Constant cutouts, has trouble keeping a connection with a Chromecast and you can't even use your phone to watch games. Why even make this available for phones if you can't use your phone to watch anything
ESPN continues to fade I have a 10.1 inch tablet that doesn't let me watch MNF even though I'm logged into my DirecTV account and can see every other stream. It literally just gives me the message stream from your phone, tablet or computer then kicks me back to the home page. 1 star and uninstalling you guys are such a joke these days
Doesn't work on smart phones. WatchESPN is very misleading as it is available on phones but you cannot watch on smartphones Stupid.
I used to use this app on my phone. Now, it's no longer functional on phones. A little irritating, but fine, whatever. So I go to use it on my computer. That would be fine, BUT IT STOPS TO BUFFER EVERY 30 SECONDS. My download speeds are fine, so it's not that. Other video streams just fine. To bring up the phone nonfunction again, why even make it available to download on phone The buffering problem needs fixed.
Stop and go Up until recently worked reliably but has started to have lots of connectivity issues. Streams and casting are dropping consistently.  Freezing. Incredibly frustrating. Update no sooner had I posted my review then the app stopped working completely saying chromecast issues. All other apps are working fine on cast.
Cant watch on phone Sorry i dont have my tablet, pc, or tv connected device with me. Would love to watch MNF
Hated it before,  hate it even more now Well I don't often try to watch something live on line but when I do this ridiculous stupid app always something idiotic like just now it says event available on your device and then closes the window and goes back to the main screen... Smfh thanks for nothing
