EVERYTHING for NOTHING I'm not able to get to 2nd page. I purchase this app 2 times and nothing, I even pay for 75 gigabytes of space and still nothing. I submit 4 complaints and nothing I'm going to like this app. After a month of trying and changing setting it's looking that maybe will work. And now after couple months later again NOTHING Will someone PLEASE let me know what to doI purchase 75Gb of space and still nothing I can do, this is absolutely ridiculous
I backed up my data before format and verified back up file too. When I attempt for restoration it says there is no backup.  Happened twice. Lost the data.  Pl fix. Otherwise will delete app.
Scheduling Backup Issues Every time I'm trying to schedule for backup, it is trying to backup to SD card although I have no SD card and ends with unable to backup  Please fix
Don't work with note4 It does the backup thing but when I did a factort reset and redownload backup pro  it could not locate the backups. As of 1132015.  Still don't work, a rip off program.
Pretty useless. Just got the Nexus 6P and no app data was preserved when using the migrate feature. I did not root my phone on the Nexus but the Galaxy S3 was rooted. All it does is copy the apps over. To their defense, SMS and MMS migrated without a problem.
Zero New Features in 5 Years Dead Project 2011.05.14 please improve the app So many problems restoring backups, merging data, etc. 2015.11.11 Still NO App Data backups. Outdated ZERO new features in 5 years
If you're thinking of using this to back up your phone data to a a PC, forget it. Whilst the Android app is easily validated and ready for use, for some inexplicable reason, the PC software needs separate validation and it's impossible to do ..... Error Network error is the totally unhelpful result when installing on Windows 7 machine.  Support is short, curt and about as unhelpful as you can get... e.g. Reboot your router  A waste of money.
Used to work great, now its buggy What happened to the Easy to setup, easy to use, user friendly, peace of mind  Even if you lose your phone, all your info is safely stored online.  This app also can transfer between phones when you upgrade But NO more...lots of incompatibilities    bummer
