Won't load on Vodafone smart ultra 6 Game just stays on loading screen. Please refund, haven't been able to play at all.
Too much Corsica rally The game started out great on dirt but the Corsica stage is really annoying and frustrating.
Won't load, stuck on Aus rally stage 6 For some reason the game is stuck on Australia rally stage 6... Says loading even after 15 mins... Is there a bug...
Not ipega compatible Does not work with a bluetooth  controller. Dont waste your money.
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 FIX IT PLEASE OR REFUND I WAS NOT WARNED THAT THIS GAME WOULDN'T RUN.20c to purchase Been hanging to play this once again but unfortunately GAME FREEZES  STAGE 3 RALLY AND GETS STUCK LOADING WITHOUT FAIL ON SAMSUNG NOTE 3 4.4.2 OS, BUT 5.0 LP SHOULD BE HERE FOR ME WITHIN WEEKS Such a bummer because I Been a huge fan from the first Collin McRae games to the fantastic Dirt games This will never leave my devices.
Amateur driver in a hiperformance car Grafix is good, the voice assistant is better. But where is the tutorial I mean I cant make it past 1st stage coz I don't know how to drift Now I cant even refund. Disappointed now.
Great on paper Loved the game back in the day and really want to love version. However telling me its not recommended for my device after paying isn't good. Nor are the very long load times. Steering sensitivity is inconsistent but not a deal breaker. Unsure why it's 'not recommended' for the N6 and wouldn't mind knowing more.
Another disgruntled Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 user  A steal at 10p, so can't be too ungrateful but frustrating that it works on older, less capable devices whereas mine is stuck on the loading screen Australia 1 Stage 1, light blue with car schematic and pixel representation of the track and won't go beyond, requiring forced stop of the app.  Any advice would be gratefully appreciated. Can launch game from scratch and navigate menus no problem.
Frustrated Absurdly long loading screen times or a fault with the game itself Either way, I never actually got to play the game itself as 8min becomes tedious. Shame, as this was a favourite of mine years ago.
Loading times are aweful Come on guys sort this loading time issue out you spent all that time in converting it for mobile what's fixing load times  I can't get Australia stage 4 to load at all...besides that this game has potential to be best on the market good job guys don't spoil it now
Doesnt work Would be better if i could acctually play the game so ive wasted money on something i cant use
Really poor show... Doesn't work properly on Cyanogen. No warning of this. By the time you've finally downloaded, you can't get a refund  what a cheap move. Sound is intermittent, obstacles unrealistic, physics not all that. Not the best. Pity, I was looking forward to this. Waste of money, sadly. Uninstalled.
