This used to be my favorite game but for the last month it keeps crashing I deleted it and reloaded it but its still doing it
After the last 2 updates and i still couldnt open the game to play i decided i had better uninstall and reinstall. I figured since i was connected to facebook my place would be saved, i was on high levels in winter and summer, but guess what,........i completely have to start over. Very crappy.
New update constantly freezes I used to enjoy the challenging levels this game brings.. however after the last 2 updates am lucky to be able to play 1 level, each time I click to play the level it freezes and kicks me out Ridiculous...  the fun as gone out of this game.
It would be wonderful if you actually took the time to respond to problems.  It has been at least 3 weeks now and nothing has been fixed, constant crashing, wiping out progress and now it is freezing my phone.  Will never purchase anything from Disney apps again, no customer service.
Freezes all the time Ever since this new upgrade, I have a very hard time actually getting into the game. It seems to freeze on the first page, I can't even click play, so I can't even play at all. Please fix
Ugh Loved the game but the crashing is a major problem. Also, level 4 of the anniversary challenge is a joke. There's no way to win without spending money, which I refuse to accept. Seriously wtf
Crashing 20 times out of 20 This game has lots of problems, it crashes and won't allow you to exit, makes you phone slow and takes a lot of space.
Love the game but always shuts down I can play one maybe two games and then it shuts down which should really annoying I used to play on my iPhone all the time with no issue but on samsung it's impossible to truly enjoy the game. Please fix the glitches
Accounts won't sync Fix it My phone and tablet are on different levels. I tried logging out of my Google account and back in. Didn't work. I also tried uninstalling and reinstalling it on my tablet. Pointless. Please fix it
Please fix or I will be getting ready to delete it since i can't do anything anymore on this game. Everytime i open it on my Note4 it freezes up and i cant even play the game or level. Please fix or i will be deleting it from my phone.  Just stupid I rated this last month and nothing has happened.  It will be deleted soon and really suck since im at a high level and really like to keep it. Still doing it keeps freezing up cant do anything. Please Fix or I will be getting rid of the game and
111915 update bad Latest update makes game INCREDIBLY slow. Can no longer exit game, must end process to exit. No exit button. Takes WAY too long to change levels and begin a game. App size HUUUUUGE. And you have to wait for the screen prompts to disappear before playing, you cannot dismiss them by tapping the screen.
Crashing Before the last update it was great. Now it crashes all the time. I'm very disappointed, I was addicted to the game. Are you ever going to fix it from crashing
Really I haven't been able to play for weeks more like a month and when you finally fix it I lose ALL my powerups Thanks a lot...
Still Will not work Since the new updates all it does is freeze up and close out  Please fix, I love this game.
FIX THIS GAME BEFORE I HATE IT Fix this I was on level 30 something and I wanna unlock frozen fever but it doesn't work What game is it
Keep crashing I had love this game, but since it updated, the game keep crashing... they keep updating to more levels, but there are a lot of people who cannot play the game... please fix the main problem...CRASHING ASAP.
crap Took me months to get through winter and my phone died and when I got a new phone I'm back at level 240
Super Hate it I used to love this but its super frustrating that I cant play it anymore because it keeps crashing. I thought updates are to make it better but I guess they just ruined the game.
Stolen ideas It is just a copy and paste from all the others like it. I am uninstalling it because it keeps freezing after i complete certain levels forcing me to reply those levels. I am done.
Newest update. This used to be my favorite game... then the updates happened. I understand putting ads in, you have to make money too.. but then the crashes started and made it annoying to play.. now it's a video ad EVERYTIME you start the game No thanks. My limited monthly data is worth much more to me than this game.
Update is absolutely unprofessional I updated my game and it deleted or removed all my powers for each charecter. I don't understand y that happend. I am very disappointed
Keeps crashing So annoying I just downloaded this game and it crashes as soon as I open it. Definitely deleting it.
Freeze Out Frozen has gone into a deep freeze  it's rather frustrating  Please fix what you've broken to make this game enjoyable yet again...
