Not Niceeee..... Only one girl and  few things is unlocked but we can't do any thing acpect dress
Stupid How could people say they like this game only 1 person is unlocked and you have to pay just to unlock stuff. It's the most stupidest game I've ever played. They should fix this.
Worst game ever There was nothing to do in the game. There was 1 ugly girl to use, a few objects that were hideous and you had to pay for all the good stuff. So just to be clear , this is the worst game ever 
Very stupid There's one girl is not nice Can you give me a nice girl One girl that is not lock, is so ugly. Ugliest girl ever
Wprst game ever stupid game you only get 1 model and if you want new stuff you have to pay real money for it
Not worth it, sorry You have to BUY all the GOOD stuff,  like, hello Some people either can't afford that, or they just aren't stupid enough to waste money on overrated video games. It sounds harsh, but we all know that it's true, don't act like its not.
Fashion  show  top model dress up Worst . Stupid game its nothing
I just hate it ... What a nonsense ,idiotic, and stupid game . How can we just go on with a ugly person ,I mean that only one character is unlocked .
Loading takes forever what game is a loading screen for half hour it's stupid I hate it I would give it 5 stars if the loading was quicker and took about 10 seconds long
I cant play the game it just show me the black screen   plzzz no one install it  it is just a waste of time
Top model dress up I hate it you can only get one person. It is so stupid and rubbish
I can't believe this game It only gives you a really ugly girl to dress up and I got really mad at the fact you can't even do the make up that you like And you have to wait to get more levels before unlocking more clothes or you'll have to buy them, with real money Worst game ever and I'm 9 Stupid game
Well.... Well.... at first I thought it was going to be a cool game but it turned out to be really stupid I mean, for starters you only have one girl to pick. And you cant even pick the color of the eye shadow or ware blush..... then you only have  so little clothes to pick from... so this game is soolooo bad
I would give this app o stars but you can't I hate this app so much if you are reading this do not get it
Fashion show top model dress up It sucked. I didn't even get to play it because it didn't load.
Doesn't work It probably doesn't work or it loads and it takes too long I've been sitting for 15 minutes and the game still hasn't played. 
Ok It was kinda fun but you have to buy eveything so whats the point of playing
This app is most worse app ever Guys if anyone is trying to install this than dont because this app sucks... I have a complaint regarding this i want this app's answer .....
Such a dumbo gameeeyk There is so ugly lady opened and we can't even apply gloss of our choice except for those old fashioned and stupid dresses .
Worst worst the worstest  It is such a stupid game and nothing only a girl is unlocked please do not download this stupid game
Don't no This game is stupid you can only play one person and it takes forever loading
Dumb I really didnt even want to give it one star. You have to pay for everything.
 Horrible game did not like it u guys were right about it should have never downloaded it
IT'S SO BORING I don't even know how to unlock other girls I can't belive some people like it boo
Dumb This game is horrible you only have one ugly girl and very few clothes it's a nightmare game uggghhh
No no no  Your models are so ugly and you can't even chose a different girl cloth,or can't choose the makeup
STUPID GAME ALERT The game won't even load I will never like this game just ugggggh
Dosent work I was ebturing it and it lpded for an hour and i naver ppayed dont waste your time it isnt worth it
It sucks It won't load on my LG L optimus l70 and it crashes each time I try
Shantel Hate this game is stupid it haves to loading you have to wait i never played this game i hate this game stupid games.
Not satisfactory Only one model is unlocked so you basically have to do the same thing over again. They want you to buy everything I do NOT recommend wasting time with this game.
Fashion Show Top Model Dressup It sucked because it wouldn't even download.
Hate this O O O O This s won't do a thing f it I tried emailing you people and nothin
It Look awesome but..... It just played a dumb song it wouldn't Load
Stupid... You have to pay money just to have everything on the game. I am not gonna pay. Don't download it is so stupid and a waste of your time
Hate You are right Annabel aviles . I mean why is all the good stuff locked No one is stupid enough to pay that much money. I hate all tutotoons games that is why I have none
