Needs a manual save feature I was eagerly awaiting this to come out on Android for some time and unfortunately I'm very frustrated with it. The autosave is quite unreliable so if you are playing a game and have to stop for some reason, you may not be able to pick it up again from where you left off. All that is required is a manual save feature within the game screen, but for some reason there isn't one.
Needs work... Love that this is finally available on Android, but it's simply too buggy and inconsistent to be enjoyable. I purchased this immediately upon release and expected some bugs initially, but assumed they'd be fixed by now. Alas, that hasn't happened yet and I'm starting to give up hope. The touchscreen issues in particular make the game nearly unplayable.
Awful Unplayable Controls This might be a good game... But it's impossible to play due to imprecise touch controls. Trying to press the same button 10 times to make something happen is ridiculous. I wish I could get my money back. DON'T BUY THIS GAME
Touchscreen probs Just switches to my first Android from iPhone. Love the phone S6 but HATE that this game doesn't work near as well as it did on the iPhone. Touchscreen is horribly unresponsive. Such a shame. Its unplayable, Please fix. Miss the game already.
Wanted to like it... But the android version feels like an afterthought. Horrible screen lag feels like loading and questionable AI makes the game unplayable. I gave it three months and still no fix.
Touchscreen Almost November and even after complaints from those in the summer the touchscreen issue remains. Well this company is better than this based on its pc versions. Obviously are not interested in digging in to fix this deplorable problem. The free version is exceedingly better.
great more historical years but when I would try to play my favorite dynasty it would load and the game would crash so I couldn't play it
Want to love it The input is ridiculously laggy. I can't even get past the league setup because each key input takes 5 key presses. It's just unusable at this point.
Touchscreen responsiveness is horrible. Worked on iPhone and assumed would be fine on such a prominent platform. Can I get a refund Discount on OOTP 17
Game crashes a lot Game crashes and never saves my progress.  I've restarted a season 6 times now.
Cincinnati Reds No Sam LeCure That's a shame...2 stars until he's in the game.
Getting aggrivated At first I put up with the lagging and the screen not responding to touches. I figured there would be an update. I bought this game the day it came out in April and, you guessed it, not one update. This is a great PC game and the mobile game is fun but I haven't played it in months.
Black screen appears if I go back to it when I switch to another app plz fix
Does not run on Nexus 7 tablet App has never run.  Message always appears  Unfortunately, MLB Manager 2015 has stopped.
Disappointed I thought it would be better. I will be on the web version more. I will only play this one when on the road
