Not fun I  end the game dut it do not have new GUNS OR NEW BOOM IS NOT FUN  I HOP IT IS FIX
Timing Good game, not too much fratures, weapon etc, but what annoys me is when playing multiplayer, noobs would sit it out to win the game, there should be a timing 10 sec or 15 sec for them to tap into their turn and if not they get their 3040 gun time and the turn is forfeited if they dont tap into game time.
Bluetooth Doesnt Work The challenger only gets the chance to play while the other player gets an error. Fix it and I will rate you 5 stars
Terrible Now So, in my opinion, the game is good. The only problem I have is very disappointing. Whenever I restart my device, then try to load up the game, it goes on telling me that two different files are missing. I'm not going to unlock half of this stuff again just to have to uninstall and reinstall the game to play.
Absolute garbage Quite possibly the worst worms rip off I've ever seen. Horrible aiming mechanics, terrible selection of weaponry, and overall a Grundy feeling sort of game. This game is free and still i feel i paid too much for it
SORE LOSERS Hate how when it says its the other team turn and they just sit there bc they losing.ITS JUST A GAME PEOPLE Either you play or dont.btw needs more guns and levels but thats no big deal just please make it that the people have no choice but to play till the end for those who love to play the game.
Sore losers Whenever you're about to win a multiplayer game, the enemy leaves so your reward gets stripped. Fix this and add another starter weapon like a handgun for 5 stars.
Very poorly planned The stages are poorly designed with no way to maneuver from lower terrain. There's also a glitch where if you have selected a weapon and are aiming with it and then touch the screen with another finger at the same time you cannot continue adjusting your aim even after lifting your other finger. The aiming mechanic is awful as once you lift you fire the weapon, it should be a tap to fire your weapon to give the player the option for more accurate aim adjustment.
