Won't even open I downloaded this app for my daughter and when I click on it to open the app will open but within seconds it shuts down and gives me the message Palace pets has stopped working. She hasn't even had the chance to play because the app won't work.
Stopped working My daughter loved this game, so paid for the full pet package, now doesn't open, keep reporting but still not fixed, guess you have my money now so why bother fixing 
App Purchases Please make more of the pets awake I dont even have the money to buy anything until then still 2 stars I will give you 5 stars once you make the change
Lost pets I purchased the game for daughter to unlock all the pets. I got a new phone and now they are all asleep again. When I try to select the reclaim purchase botton it does nothing.
Con My daughter loved this game but as soon as I bought all the pets it stopped working as It wouldn't open. I reported it and was told to uninstall and then reinstall. This never worked. So if it works for you, don't buy all of the pets
Stopped working Has not worked for a while now, I just tried uninstalling and reinstalling and it still errors out.
Keeps crashing. I've paid for most of the pets. Now my daughter can't even play. Sent report multiple  times.
Waa I downloaded it for my lil sis and it worked in the beginning then all of a sudden it froze and wouldnt click it wasnt my device it was the gameand a lot of animals are locked
Won't open My daughter was very excited about this game, so we downloaded it only to have it force close every toe she tries to get on it Please fix, then I can re rate
Defective app. This app does not work anymore, my daughter and niece use to like it.
Disney please help Everyone is complaining this app is crashing and you are doing nothing about it. I downloaded it for my daughter and paid for several pets. Now it stopped working just like everyone else. I have a new S6 so I know its not the phone. Please fix this or refund me.
App has issues This game opens and then shuts immediately and therefore cannot be played.... Daughter not v happy with this
Wish it was better My daughter is onsessed w palace pets so i downloaded this app. I bought 2 animals and sometimes she can play with them and sometimes it says it cost money so i will force close, reopen and it will work. I wish she could do more with the pets, its kind of a rip off. I wouldnt mind buying all them if it was worth it.
Closes immediately after launch Used to work before lollipop update.  Now it closes and goes back to home screen immediately after launch.
Not working Used to work flawlessly. Now when I click the app it force closes. I have a very sad 3 year old, and am an upset mama especially since I paid to have her get all the pets. Please fix.
Daughter loves it Would give 5 stars but recently it has been crashing and going back to the home screen Please fix. We bought all the characters and note she can't even open the game
It won't work on a hudle 2 This app won't work on a hudle 2... I have tried reinstalling no joy.  Help its my daughters favourite app
Not working This app has not worked in over a month. My daughter is so upset.
Not so good.. I was mega excited when I downloaded this but I have to pay and it keeps freezing
Stopped working I've had this app with all the pets for a couple of years now and in the last 3 months it hasn't worked.  Every time my daughter starts it, it doesn't even load and says unfortunately palace pets has stopped.  Come on Disney there's enough people commenting the same thing, fix it.  I don't want a refund, I want it fixed.
Bad My sis loves Disney but I got it admit won't load up fix it and I will give you 5  stars
It goes dark and shut down This game is a piece of crap I downloaded it and when it comes up and your suppose to press OK it shut down the whole screen went dark  I deleted it and downloaded it again the same thing happened DON'T download THIS GAME
Shutting down I open the app and immediately shuts down before it even gets in the game. Apparently everybody else is having this problem too. This is one of the most popular toysapps out there. Being disney, i would think y'all would be on top of this problem.
Fix it I bought all the Pets for my niece and now the game won't even open for more than a second before shutting down Please fix immediately as she is very upset and wants to play her game or at the very least give me my money back
Rubbish Cant even get past opening screen so can't play. Pretty crap for a brand like Disney. Uninstalled
Stopped working  My daughter absolutely loves this app so I bought pets for her and for the past month or so the app WILL NOT OPEN I'm so angry  I've spent money on something that my daughter can't use Please fix your app
Can't get in From the looks of the game it looked like a great game..... but every time I go on the game it says something then shuts off
Not happy. Got this for my roommates daughter, and it won't even open.
Stopped Working I paid for the full version some time ago and my daughter loves this game. Now I upgraded my phone and it no longer works SO FRUSTRATING Is this another one of your retired apps you lazy bunch of nobodies
Doesn't work This app immediately closes. I have purchased all the pets and now my daughter can't play it.
I hate I don't like it there is only 1 of the pets on my tab you can play on and it's pumkin cinderellas pet and the rest of them are asleep so I deleted it as soon as possible
Doesn't work Worked for a couple of weeks but won't even open now waste of money.
Dont buy pets I purchased all the pets as a reward for my daughter AND THEY WON'T WAKE UP Thanks for stealing my hard earned money and disappointing my daughter
Really annoyed  App closes instantly. I read the comments, but saw there had been an update for the app  to which I assumed most of the issues addressed below would be resolved. Yeah, not so much hey. App closes before it's done loading  leaving behind a really sad little girl. Shame on you Disney
My daughter loved it , now won't even work Spent money on this and now can't use it... Not impressed Doesn't work on new HTC One m9 either, what a waste of money
