It won't let me sign in to either account
No Connection lost
Deletes your saved setups you had on PC and wont even let you choose any. it randomly places your pieces you have ZERO control over setting up your pieces.  that is absolutely STUPID completely against what the game is actually about lol.  no strategy, only luck lol
Great game, Lousy app A lot of instability and disconnections. Even worse, during the setup time, if player A declares READY and player B does not do so in the 6 minutes, then if player A gets bored of waiting and quits the game, player B wins It has happened to me at least 10 times Totally stupid Pls fix immediately
Nice game Too long waiting times. Game play can be enhanced by picking up from saved positions at the beginning. No waiting time for preparing positions. Also long loading time for finding opponents. Waiting for opponent reconnection can also be reduced to 1 minute.
Player disconnects every time Please fix. It's not my connection I've been sitting right beside the router the whole time and have 4 bars
Another game I used play single player. With the total update they made I can't do that anymore. I guess I'll have to pay for the single mode game. But
Can't find my account It looks like I forgot my password and there's no way I can retrieve it. Tried  making a new account with my email and screen name but they already in use I just want my old account back.
Still buggy My opponent was able to get out of a loss because of a bug in the opponent disconnected screen. In fact it shows that he won that game. His screen name is Es7quire.  Makes it feel like the game was a waste of time and rankings are meaningless. Many opponents leave and there is no punishment for them.
Opponent disconnected because i was winning and because he did it in my turn when the timer ran out my buffer time didn't stop and i lost
Uninstalled and Reinstalled Twice Won't let me make an account it just says. RegisterPlayerResult Error while registering user. The operation could not be completed in 3 tries. Registration was rolled back.
Crap app Once you get disconnected for a second, you loose. Don't buy untill they deliver a working version. Poor software. This game deserves better.
Weird pieces You know it seems like a good game but when I start a match the pieces are mixed up. Nines are twos tens are ones, the good thing is spies are still spies
Won't sign into account Won't let me create account.
Cant stand this one thing Always lost because of the useless mechanic that doesnt allow me to move between the same blocks
First i was interested in this game, but then the connection to the server took like forever, and the tutorial doesn't work at all..the game just freezes
No asynchronous multiplayer Can't get a live game going, always freezes at creating board when I do quick match.
Yeah, No. Username Already Exists, is a load of bullfrog. Don't waste your time downloading.
Can't even I cannot even login it says it tried 3 times every time, help
Runs hot This app is in dire need of stability improvements. It uses far too much computing power for a simple board game.  Also, quit asking me, before every game, to pay you to play without ads.
Where are the features I can't play the classic 40 piece game nor can I use my setup slots that I purches, extremely disappointed.
Looks fun. Wish I could play. Takes 510min looking for a match.
Seriously I bought Stratego to play single player I want me single player version not this updated worthless game. Refund
