Great game, Hate it so far. I used to love NBA Jam on my pc. But here controls are horrible. I thought it has a learning curve but it's just bad at least on my moto g. The shake Controls are not sensitive and the opponent, even in veteran mode are too good. The fun is gone. Real disappointment, Especially for the price.
Not worth it I bought this game, only for it to not work. Don't waste your money
After the last update, app no longer opens on my Note 3. Trying to get an update but of no use. Useless in purchasing the game.
Unable to install Why you people at EA made this game very complicated to install. Last time I installed this game , there was no sound in the game. From today I again tried 7 times to install this game but this game always stuck while downloading game data and gives error. I have very stable internet connection despite that this game can't download whole 302 Mb data. Shame on developers of this game who can't listen to the customers. This problem remained in the game from last 1year.
Does not work after the update After the latest update the game does not work anymore on my phone. It was running smoothly before the latest update. I use Galaxy Nexus . Please help about this issue or release new update that makes the game running again.
I just installed the game, and it doesnt open, it closes right away Is there a problem with my phone If not, what are the steps to get a refund
Great game. Just not starting anymore after those stupid updates. Samsung Galaxy S4 here. Please make it work again and I will change the rating.
Samsung galaxy s3 It seems by the comments the reviews from samsung galaxy s3's have been that it would glitch out when trying to open the game. I can also say the same, Electronic arts please fix this. I have sent my report and the logs
Wont open Successfully downloaded the game and then the update when you first open it. Yet once its finished the update it closes and doesnt open again.. refund please
Doesnt work atall samsung galaxy s6 edge Player just constantly spins in whatever direction it wants cant run shoot or pass atall
Dosent work With the update you have to download every time I try to start the game after the download it crashes
Doesn't load Fix now as I paid for this and it doesn't load anymore. Only played once now won't work at all
Nbajam Rubbish Bought it doesnt work And no contact from ea to fix it Poor form Dont waste your money
bricked my nba jam died after the update... please help i am on note 2 with 4.4.2 kitkat
App stops when i open it please fix this then will rate 5 star plz
NBA jam It was great at first ,a five star game however. Now its spamming and its complete sht because after the required download it won't open
Download failure Says something like Download Error 101. Kindly fix this issue.
Last update killed it. Only getting the message that game cannot be started....
Keeps not opening now a month after I paid 4 it not happy
I CANT OPEN IT I HAVE BEEN BUY THIS GAME AND I CANT OPEN IT ALWAYS FORCE STOP. GIVE BACK MY MONEY
