Annoying Adverts Adverts pop up and make the browser open all the time. Do you think it's acceptable to put adverts for porn websites on a game like this Sometimes I let my young cousins play this game. I won't be able to let them play it now This needs to be sorted immediately.
No level up It just 1 level no fun no challenge. Make tab unlimited
Hate it with a passion Ad's pop up so much the game won't start. At least I didn't wast a penny on it.
What Indie music I had the volume all the way up and still could not hear anything. The game worked. But no sound. Sorry but I uninstalled.
The game itself was fun, but ads get worse every day, the game crashes all the time, and now the game will not run until you go to ad website. Really Don't use it, even free so not worth it.
Saboteurs blocking my access Every game I play seems to be compromised by unscrupulous people who follow me only to create havoc. Please stop them so other players like myself can enjoy the games being previded in peace and tranquility without pass inference. Thanking all in advance .
The Graphics Are Annoying. The design of the bubbles got on my nerves rather quickly.
New intrusion risks This was a great app until yesterday when it went wild and keeps having annoying popup adds saying I have a virus and to install 360 Protect to fix. You Suck for adding this. Uninstalled and won't download from you anymore.
Annoying ads There are waaaaay too many ads that keep popping up. Recently got a message saying there was a problem with the certificate for the site for one of the links the add automatically beings up in the browser.
Sick of finishing a level and game stops unfortunately, after 7 or so attempts got rid of this poor app
This app really really stinks...had 2 report  more than 1 time,just keeps shutting down not worth it I play games 2 relax NOT to add more stress 2 many other games just like it
One star too many Loaded it.played it once and.enjoyed it then all I goy was ad's. Game wouldnt load just ad after ad. Piece of crap. Only gave it one star because you have to in order to rate it not because it deserved it.
Uninstalling Used to love this game until they got new advertising. Now my game is interrupted every two minutes. I'm uninstalling this...
Wacky wacky wack... I can make even better app than this.... What a waste of time...
Too many ads Ridiculous amount of ads to close before you even begin to play...
Can't play because of ads I can't play because the ads keep popping up.  I'm deleting before I even got to play the first level.
Fuc..n adds... Can't play ever, every 34 seconds game pauses and some shit appears
Too many ads I haven't even got the chance to play due to ads popping up. Uninstalling straight away.
