App won't let me vote for The CraigLewis Band, but let's me vote for all of the others.  There is no Save Votes button for this group.  I hope they catch that error and give them due consideration on Wednesday night, 81915.
Getting real annoyed Ok, this is so annoying, I said something last week n no fix Do u guys read reviews  There's like 3 acts tonight I can't vote for because the app is messing up, so I goto voting methods goto online one I vote hit save, go back in and my votes are gone Point of this app is to be able to vote WELL I CAN'T VOTE FOR MOST plz fix, if not fixed next week, my whole family will delete app, we all have this very annoying issue...
Wack When i open this thing all it game me is a stupid voting thing no sense go on tweeter nobody have time for that this is my first stupid app i ever see in my life seriously   his app need a lot of upgrade warning dont dowloadnthis virus and space wiil occurs if dowlading make sure you kove it cause it cause a lot of space like me im going to unistall this stupid appp
Can't work for California I'm not sure if its just me or what but here in California we get to just watched recorded shows The app doesn't work for me and that makes me wonder if the voting is that way when  America  gets to vote Or is it just the east coast that decides the winner and the the rest of America just gets to watch a recorder version It says live but then shows previously recorder. So if we did vote it wouldnt count. But I did get to see this weeks results before the episode aired
Doesn't work Would like to vote and use some of the functions if they worked. The main function would be to vote that's the main reason for downloading..... can't vote with the buzzer so why keep the app can do everything else with internet. Why waste my phone data for something that doesn't work
I wish we could really vote  I so sick of watching what the over paid judges do instead of more acts  And what makes them qualified judges anyway   Only one of them is talented   I want to see each and every audition   I  think I'm going to stop watching  Am I just off base or does anyone else find this irritating
Very confusing, not well done. This app is very confusing, I couldn't figure out how to vote. It should be simple just like the website used to be but this app it makes it extremely difficult to figure out what the heck is going on. I'm uninstalling it and giving it one star because I can't figure out how to vote on this stupid thing.
And This is a real waste of time. If I could give it a 10 I would. It does nothing. The buzzers do nothing. What were the developers doing while creating this app  Taking recess and lunch breaks It's ridiculous Howard Stern would be furious
Nothing I Hate More Than Spoilers Don't you hate it when you go to your favorite show's website and it has spoilers for the previous episode on the front page That's what this app did to me. I didn't realize that the finale had aired already, opened the app  there's the winner in the center of the screen.
Dosen't work As soon as I open the app it says America got talent and then it fades away and is a blank screen
Fake voting..blah It's just a game my daughter and I thought this app would be like The Voice app and our vote would count for something will still watch the show but delete this app..not worth our time or space
Every page, screen scrolls up and down except when you get to where you have save votes for favorite act...screen wont scroll so you can save votes or is blocked at bottom of screen by bullcrap...fix it....
All I get is a blue page.  No acts, no words, no nothing.  Going to uninstall and try again.  Love the show but sure not the app
What's the point What's the point of this app if only ppl on the east coast are the ones that get to vote Voting should be available for at least 2448 for those of us on the west coast or for those that don't have cable  watch on Hulu or other networks. I'll reinstall when these issues are fixed.
Doesn't work in California I uninstalled it moments after it was installed. It doesn't recognize the Pacific time zone. It was on Arizona time zone settings. No where within app could I change it, so I uninstalled it. App is a useless waste of space on my phone. At least there is still Google search voting and it does not close until 9am Pacific 12 pm Eastern the next day.
Samsung Galaxy 4 BUZZER DOESN'T WORK. THIS APP IS USELESS........ DOESN'T DO WHAT IT SAYS  IT's SUPPOSE TO DO
App did not work, it did on my man's att phone but not on mine couldn't scroll down to save votes kinda made me mad I used my data to download it
APP DOES NOT WORK Please fix. Would love to have a chance to vote.
Doesn't work for those of us on the West Coast... Shows acts an hour ahead of them showing on the west coast, then shows us the results mid show... 4 x's
Only works when watching live. I watch the show on my DVR.  App doesn't let you play along and judge to my satisfaction if you are not watching live, therefore, it's not worth the space on my phone.  Uninstalling.
Doesn't work When I open the app I get the logo, then fades to black and stays there. Reinstalled and same thing.
Can't play along Due to the time zone, the showing is already over by the time I get to watch, therefore, I can't play along. Hopefully it will still be active during the live shows.
Doesn't work I have a galaxy s4 and it works the first time you open up the app but doesn't work any other time you try to open it up. All I can see is the background and I can't do anything. Plz fix
