What happened I keep get app crashes when tying to set auto saved and saved widgets on new update...Also does not change bit maps any more Please fix
Battery Killer at the moment Buggy crashes alot and a battery hog for my device stock note 4 used it for years but needs optimisation for 5.0 sadly                                                   If your customising your phone this is a power house of tools. The UI is simple and easy to use. There's plenty of support from other users. This is the type of app that others need to rase the bar too. New features added regularly constantly moving forward.
Slow interface and keeps crashing App is almost impossible to use on Nexus 4 with Lollipop 5.1.1, configuring complex widgets is slow and is crashing the app previously it was working fine. Dude, you seriously need to check what is going on. If you improve the GUI experience and optimize the battery consumption, I'll rate it 5 stars again.
Problems The app just freezes and the time doesn't update unless I restart my phone. It's annoying. If I wanted a wallpaper with just any time, I could make one and it would consume far less resources. I'm removing until this is fixed.
Using a lot of battery. No updates in 6 months. Is this app still being developed App is broken and neglected. I have been using this app for years and it's usually a great app. Lately, however, Zooper has been eating more battery than the operating system. I have been using the same layout and widgets for a year with no major changes. I cleared cache, cleared data, uninstalled and reinstalled Zooper  3 times. It's using 15 or more, which is unacceptable. No reply from emails sent to developer.
I enjoyed this app. But after waiting months for fixes to both the weather and location issues,  I've moved on. I tested this app on 3 different phonespads with both Android 5 and 6. Incorrect locations and weather are consistent. Since other apps show both location and weather correctly, I have to assume there are major programming flaws in this app. Too bad. Brilliant idea.
Huge battery drain  Really need to fix the massive drain because of the widget update service running hundreds of times even when I have set the update of widget to manual.
I'm tired of this bullshit. I need to talk to a mycolorscreen employee now. Zooper widget has hit a level of brokenness I can barely comprehend. It literally goes against how actual programming works, and its developers, being mycolorscreen, have a helpful disregard for us developers that use zooper widget to make content.
Ruined My Favorite App This latest update has been so laggy and slow when working on the layout list...I'm running a custom rom on n4 up in 52k antutu range flying on Lollipop and this is the only app I have the has insane lag...to the point my note will freeze solid for 25 second stretches...had to revert to a previous apk...love the app but wow this last update is unusable ime
What happened I used to play with this app all the time but now it's so painfully slow and I can edit numeric values with the keyboard.  I can only use the up and down arrows and they crawl. And this is running on an HTC One M8.  I'm using the TouchPal keyboard.  Please fix.
Paid  for it. .. So I could use the pipboy skin that I had also purchased.  The developer can't even be bothered to help rectify the problem.  But they sure did take my money. Bad customer servicebad for business.  Don't install. ..you've been warned.
Laggy I just recently got this app after using just the free version and it's way too laggy to actually use. Whenever I look at the modules and try to check all of them, the app crashes. Doing anything takes more time than expected because it freezes every 5 seconds
