No credit for watched videos Watched the videos but never get credited the power ups plus I earned the 1000 pumpkins needed to keep the Halloween car but it disappeared from my inventory after only a few races
I'll never play this game again I had all the karts except 5 and the coin doubler and so many power ups which I paid money for, and now with the latest update I lost everything. So screw you Rovio are you going to refund my money.
Poor I liked the old update the quality is bad the turning doesn't work properly realy what have you done The old update was better 
Angry Birds Go Why does rovio continue to push rush job updates that cause nothing but decreased usage.  In multiplayer,  the watch ad for xxxxxx does not work. Name change, power ups, cupcake refill, ect.  Telepods wont scan either. I'm certain rovio sees the decreased useage. Quality control is poor. Frustrated is more like it.
Waste of bandwidth Game is good. But I have to rate 1 star because I don't think they are honest about free credits for power ups .   I have limited bandwidth and game have lots of ads already. If you want us to watch more ads. At least give us the power ups that we deserve.  Read what others say before me.  Just fix it already
DON'T WATCH ADS, YOU'LL GET BURNED Game is fun...but, it crashes a lot on my Galaxy Note 5. It usually cheats me outta daily bonuses, or will not run at all. YOU WATCH A MINUTE LONG AD  NO POWER UP GIVEN. HAPPENS ON MY CELL  TABLET, BOTH GALAXY.                         DON'T WATCH ADS EVER                   ROVIO'S ALL ABOUT THE MONEY BOYS
Won't let you win in some modes Got to maximum cc and won't let me win they just want money and not how many people play its a really bad game
Some sync issues This update has some serious sync issues. My progress returns back to 55 of the first level though i had completed that 2 times. Now i don't have the guts to play that again
horrible a.i. and free falling Before a certain update the other racers didn't have rubber band a.i., but now they do. Please fix this. But bow on top of this, in rocky road s first track , at the end you RARELY have enough speed to make the jump. This can get annoying when you're about to win and then you miss the jump.Also please fix this
Grind fest This game requires you to race the same track again and again to get money to upgrade your cart. A fully upgraded cart with out spending money requires can't complete certain races with out powerups even though they are classified as easy. You could of course pay money to speed things up but amount you would need to spend to avoid the boredom would be insane
Three times really Three times I went to do the pumpkin quest for the Halloween kart only have to play it three times. Is it me or the game also has a hard time saving because I was at 06 on splat challenges on speedway then I saw I was back on 05. Please fix.
Good until Halloween The game was amazing and good but the Halloween update ruined the fun.is its possesed feature crashing devices Because each time I play it it crashes my tablet. Please fix and I'll give five stars.
It won't even open I've played this game a long time ago and loved it so much I decided to redownload it on my phone but the app crashed every time I try and open it. Please fix this and I'll be happy to rate this games 5 stars.
New update problem Fantastic game till the stupid update kicked in lost all my progress seriously need to fix this. And looking at the comments I'm not the only one with the same problem please fix and sort out my progress thanks .
Lots Of Lag And Telepods Don't Work When My Android Automatically Downloaded The 'Spooky Update' I Logged On To Scan My 14 Telepods In They're  The Only Karts I Have To Find That They Don't Scan In There Is LOTS Of Lag On Android Not Apple, I Checked And You Get Knocked Out Of Your Kart A Lot More... Rovio PLEASE Fix This, I Don't Want To Buy All 14 Kart InGame The Old Update I Rates a 5 Star, This is a 2 star. Quick Note, Why are there SO MANY SOUND ISSUES
Not happy Since the halloween update i can not play the game...never had a problem for 2yrs untill this update. Phone cleaned and enough memory...programming probably, obviously. Tablets seem to work but not my phone...cant race my kids, very disappointed.
Used to love it Fixed the force close with the Halloween update BUT now none of the watch ad bonuses work, if your character hits a small bump your character is knocked out of the car, also the weekly tournament keeps resetting itself. Monday I claimed my prize, played one track on stunt, came back and it made me reclaim my prize. I never did get to keep it and the track resets any races if I  leave the area. Spooky cart that I won is also gone. Fix it please.
It's a good app but... It deleted all my hours of progress when the stupid Halloween update came, I would not recommend it but it's ok. This happens to ALL Rovio apps so beware of spending a bunch of money on Rovio games. And BTW the King pig is impossible using no powerups. There is WAY to many glitches In this game and is WAY to laggy.
angry birds go It freezes on it the hallow nen spicel it was great if thay fix this problem and then I well put it with 4 or 5 stars its on Samsung galisy tab3
Not Even fun  Paralyzed my phone..... The telepods and the game dont work and when I signed in to rovio account it just deleted everythingthe old ypdate was betterIt glitches my phone and I cant even turn it off or do any thing till I take of the battery from the backIts realy anoying and after tring it 5 times,i desited to not buy anything from angry birds go or rovio EVER AGAINI will delete this right now and not going to look at it till JanuraryFIX NOW
