Was once incredible. This game used to be one of the best games I've ever played. But I just downloaded it again after a couple years and I keep getting an error message saying the app stopped working. So I can't even open it.
Awesome but... I had this game a really long time ago and was really fun but now that I got a new phone it won't load, it keeps saying that it stopped working right when I try opening it. Please make it for android 5 asap then it will be a definite 5 stars from me.
Rubish I can't even get on as soon as I click on the app it crashes I PAID FOR THIS AND IT DIDNT EVEN GIVE ME A REFUND
Can't play this awesome game I used to have this game long ago,  but now I can't play it on my phone, it won't even open. As I touch the icon, it opens and closes instantly. If you could fix it would be great, cause it's an awesome game BTW I'm on a OnePlus2
Brian Lusher I just brought this game.and I cant refund I want to refund it because it keeps saying as soon as I tap on it it crashed 
Will not start I downloaded the game but i cant even get into it since it immediatly crashes.Please fix
Fix Display Resolution problem for Galaxy Note 2 4 stars if problem fixed. Nice game but screen display resolution problem at game start up is a big eyesore. Thanks.
Crashes on start up Note 4 user here. The app crashes on start up and I am unable to use it. I sent a report today when I first experienced the issue. Please reply
Freezing Freezes up in level four. Went through it three times and it kept doing the same thing. Screen goes a shaky and words going across the screen. Spent a dollar that I want back but no refund option. Thanks a lot.
App crashes With my new device, HTC one m8, android 5 this app won't open. It just crashes every time I tried to play.
Very buggy The load screen pops up with the home screen and the gun won't fire and the gun disappears
Doesn't even work Instantly crashes when I open it. Really, you're going to sell a game that won't even open
Doesnt get in Im using a samsung galaxy s6 phone and whenever i tap on the game to go in it says unfortunately the game has stopped pls fix or reply back for a 5 star rating
Works horribly.  When the game starts, the graphics do not even fit on the screen. The controls do not work properly and your little character is repeatedly killed by the zombies since you cannot control him all the time. Glad I only paid a dollar for this, don't know why I bothered after it driving me crazy on my old iPhone. Do not waste your money or aggravation
Stops working immediately It used to work on my old phone since i got my galaxy s6 it just doesn't open up 
ZOMBIVILLE HAS STOPPED What happened  I just tried to open it and it won't. Uninstalled and reinstalled  it but it's the same thing. Is  this something about compatibility issue  Is this not supported  already in Philippines  Um looking forward  for response asap.
Worst app ever Paid .99 cents I know but won't even open on my phone.   How do I get my money back you scheisters.
Fix for androids The game does not want to open up and I feel it was a waste of my money. I had it on my iPod a long time ago and had no problems. You need to fix this and,i would happily give it a 5 star rating and play it.
ZombieVilleUSA I really like this game but when i try to go to the next level it takes a long time.. also when  i go in a door sometimes i cant get out 
