Poor.. downloaded the UC browser for free chips but still not received.. waited for more than 3 hours but why  the hell u guys not replying.  it's a simple way to make money. don't let INDIANS down.. cux ur game called Indian rummy..
Not happy Thanks for you're reply developers. but after again updating this game i am gonna to uninstall this game and never gonna to download again This time you very upset me and my group. and 1 Last suggestion for you after making any changes with game you should try it first then give to others. otherwise you will lost popularity of this game.New version has too many problems too many bugs.
Pathetic sometimes It hangs up most of the time and takes back all my card.. And so many times drops card by its own and robs me of my money.. U better rectify this.. Very disappointing
interesting, but waste of time. free coins not getting from other applications. very bad worst
You always lose big  win small. And when you get good cards everyone leaves the  game.Should make ir that you lose the same amount as if u dont have any suits if you leave the game so its fair.what a ripoff game. Bought coins  n would not even let me play.you will see that if some takes a card from you and declares they usually dont have that card that they took of you. Or there is three of the same cards.how can it be when you're  playing with two deck cards. THIS IS A FULL SCAM
Useless game, super useless developers.. Least bothered about customer feedback I am using 4g network still facing login error every time when I join a table. After that I m unable to join that table   chips also gets deducted from my account. Without playing   losing chips is worst part of this game. At the time of declaration it takes long while to declare the game, till then new round already has started. Resolve this ASAP
Often gets out When I play this game it was getting out automatically. Fix this
I lost all the chips wen der is a offer to get free chips download dis n ol after downloading n using dat app it is not giving the chips jus waste.
Older version was better Good ap. BT we need flexibility to sit on any table. .. If we have  300,000... We can t sit on a smaller table.. Pl do smtbn abt it
Hated Not give Rs. To play  facebook log in....i wait for 1 week ..
Learn rule of rummy Your are playing at 1 crore or you lost this money you can not play in smal limit tablle ah ah.bad rools
Sucking,.,,,,,.. Most of the time network it says issue but network is good...and encountered hang and lost my point my money too....even I used the latest mobile with 4G.. I hate it this app.....
Was 5 till recent update. Very user unfriendly interface, made it very slow and screwed up the nice views. Feels like playing from far away. Please revert back.
Not nice I think the game is fixed as sit and time of playing that when u r playing. I have not get even a single joker continues more then 100 games. What about this. Very bad fixed game.
Really bad after update. Was excellent. Now it goes refreshing the game all the time during play. So irritating and cannot play. Please fix this issue. Rating down to 2
Would give 5 star for older version... this version is waste of time.. Still facing issue update is waste..
Disappointed Old version is awesome .. But this new version is waste ..totally waste
