Defective It says I don't have enough space in my phone. Which I didn't do I cleared 1.49GB and it keeps saying I have 0 out of 2000 MB of space to open it. Please fix
Seems to be a bit defective It is claiming the i have no Mb left on my phone to download it, but i have 4.8 Gb. Is there any way that this can be fixed
Space See. Ive played this game on my friends console. When I saw it was on sale here I thought. Yesss. I install it. But then it tells me I have 0 mb of space left. When my phone has actually 10 gbs of space. Please fix I would love to play this game on my phone
I have installed it before I intalled it once and then uninstalled it and now every time i try to install it again it gives me an error code or says i have 0 mb. Please fix soon. Will rate 5 stars. And i bought it before the sale
It deleted my progress I play this game often and got really far the 2 most wanted and out of no where when I tried to play it again, it took me to the start and all my progress was erased.
I agree with Carlos S. The same thing happened to me. I'm like how do the game know how much space I have
Pls fix It doesn't start. I bought it for 10 and I downloaded the ingame stuff, but when I launch it, it says Unfortunatley, Need For Speed has stopped working. Fix this plz
Still not working Should have listened to other reviews. This game will not launch on my device, and could not get a refund because the first time you launch the game you have to download the rest of the game, which takes longer then the 15 minutes you have to get a refund. Think EA planned it that way.   So do not buy this game unless you know someone with an identical device that has it running, or you like throwing your money away.
I bearly bought it but its says that the game has stopped. I really liked it but i just played like 2 times then that came out and i cant get my refound. Can you please fix this
It will not start It says that it has stopped every time and I've redownloaded countless times but still love the game on console
Needs Fixed Now I really wanted to play this game but as soon as it was done it gave me this gay error for not enough space I cleared up 2.67 Gb for a 20 Mb update that says i dont have enough space bullshit now I cant get a refund just fix it please
This game is okay but it is not as good as Asphalt 8 better graphics, more cars and controls and Asphalt 8 is free.
NFS most wanted Whenever I start up the game it just go's to a screen saying I need 2k mb and says I have zero. I checked my SD card and I have 52 gigs so I don't understand the issue.
It's talking about that that I have 0 gigs on my phone I would like to have my refund back then they also talked about I can't use it on my android when I got a s6 I should be able to pay it I would like to have my money back
Sale Does not work There's a reason it's on sale for 10 cents, they are discontinuing the game. I was able to buy the game but it doesn't work on my device. Galaxy s4.
It continues to say that I have no storage. Even though, I do have storage. I am not willing to spend any money on this until this is fixed. Uninstalling immediately.
Doesn't work on device My device isn't supported for this game and the extra content that you need to download upon first run took longer than the 15 minutes for me to be able to return the game
Keeps erasing progress My kid has earned a bunch of cars, and every few days it resets his progress. Is there a solution to keep progress
Does not work Says I need more space, at least 2000 or so mb. I have 80 gigs, 55 of which are unused
Says 0mb available for game. I have free space on my sd card and internal memory available. Bought the game and still cannot play it. Just says 0mb available for download. Which seems to be a common error. LG Tribute 2
