I HAVE PURCHAGE  TODAY ROEHSOFTRAM TODAY ,WHILE OPENING I AM GETTING MASSAGE  ERROR THIS APP NEED root RIGHTS THE APPLICATION WILL NOW EXIST PL.SUGGEST
Don't waste your money This app is useless, it actually made performance worst on my tablet, I had to wipe the memory a few times and tried again before giving up.
Poorly written instructions with an extremely broken communication. The app is not easily used for the average user and the price is not worth it AT ALL.  I found another app that will do the same thing with better results that is FREE. Shame on me for not doing my research, they are stealing your money.
Worse than useless. Phone already rooted. Fully read description and documentation after reading reviews. Tested for compatibility and passed. Installed app. Poor performance, painfully slower phone, app crashes, random reboots and overheating. Played around with different values and settings. No difference. Money wasted on an app I should have been paid 10 to use for having my time wasted. Caveat emptor
Not working After checking compatibility I downloaded this app. But it does not work. Please helpp
Even worse than before After the installation, my device became very unresponsive. Much worse than before. The SD card showed 10 Mbits during the swapfile creation. Rooted. No extra applications were added. I suppose, there could be something wrong with the settings or the app is simply not for every device
Not working Checked compatibility and after everything ok purchased the app. It shows the details within app but under settings no improvement to be seen. Please help...
It DOESN'T WORK I have checked the compability before I actually downloaded this app and it says my phone is compatible however, it doesn't work I didn't gain any extra ram or anything  Simply nothing  I have paid for this app. Could someone help ne out herreeeeee
Random reboots so no go... Very cool app. Really sped up my slow Samsung Rugby Pro. Unfortunately I keep getting random reboots. My phone is rooted and I checked compatibility using the other app and it said it was good to go. Is there any settings I can tweak to get rid of the random reboots Would love to continue to use this awesome app but can't because of this issue. I am running Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean
