Should be called micro transaction rpg Don't download this game it shouldn't even be called a game it's more like a vacuum that wants to suck  your wallet dry the progression in this game is terrible it's at a snails pace unless you want to throw a lot of money at it right now from it takes about 40 days for me to level up and the new update they just added to give everyone wings only way to upgrade them is to spend more money
Bugs and more bugs Everytime you log in everything is reset besides your lvl gems and gear but oncet he bugs are fixed itll all go away to what your stuff was before the more recent update
This sucks I haven't been able to play for days. Not even once. I've tried logging into different servers, updating, uninstalling, etc. I have no clue what this game is even about.
Connecting to server I love this game but I am so sick of wasting a entire break trying to play cause every little thing you do it has to connect to server and data time out. Fix it guys. Why have 9000 different areas if they all suck.
Wtf Game keeps reseting my items. I lost my relic ring and the gem in it. Also spent 400 gems...but the items i bought dissappeared. Thanks guys
No reply on support Loved the game so far till I spent 30 worth of gems and they disappeared when the server rolled back. Tried to contact support about it and never gotten back to me about it. So they pretty much stole my money and only way to contact them is through email. I highly recommend not spending any money on this game.
Don't get me wrong, I love the game. It's something casual. However, it only gets 2 stars due to connection issues with every little thing I do. Sometimes I can log in and go to my pack to empty it out and then bam Can't connect to servers. Literally forcing me to force stop it, restart it and repeat process for 30 mins. Until these issues are fixed, 2 stars is all it gets from me.
Money pit with no support Games a money pit. If you're lucky to get in early and be smart you can get away with spending nothing... providing no one else does. I'm only hanging around for the companions. Support have totally disappeared disabling access to that part of the game and not responding to emails regarding major issues. Play final fable instead
PAY TO PLAY DONT BOTHER not only is this game glotchy as hell if you want to get anywhere touve got to pay constantly. dont bother your waisting your money. shame you cant rate zero
Everything but gold It's a well developed and addictive game, but sometimes you can't get MP dungeons even if you set one up in the morning, and I feel that gold is completely useless, why make a button that says roll ten times with gold if you aren't gonna let us do that Also since recent OS update this game no longer works with Droid Maxx
Won't work It is telling me to update the game but when I go to play store there is no update option and I can't play without updating a black screen with white text shows up
Not worth the frustration This game resets way too often. My toon lvl has been reset 3 times from 35 to lvl 33. When the server resets, you loose all vital stats off allies, hard to craft items gems. 95 of the time there are server time outs, which lead to game freezes, which leads to restarting game. No responses from the Developers, just sorry excuses. Obviously they are Chinese Devs working on F class servers. This game is not worth the download or frustration
Edit 1031 Edit 1031.   More server timeouts again. And now my gear resets Disappointing updates lately.                                    Sleepyhead Inlet had server timeout errors every time I try to swap armour or battle. It's almost unplayable.
Awesome update R2. You guys have restored my faith in your ability to provide updates that force everyone to find something else to do with their time. Tweaks that no one really cares about. Minor fixes that do nothing to improve the game play. I think a golf clap is in order.
Hate the after update effect. Cant play after update. Now im gonna lose my login streak, and im gonna uninstall this  app if that happened.
Wing greed Ok good game and pretty fair to get you to spend pretty steep amounts of money but 'wing' upgrade reach unfathomable heights in greed and will not be bothering with them. If by this my hard work and attention to minor details falls because others have absurd amounts to spend on wing upgrades the game becomes unfair and I for one will be uninstalling.
From 7915  to 92715 102915 11115 Constantly updates every time you login since system update on 7915. New update lets not fix anything an add more junk  that will cause problems confuse players an have bad reviews. After I did the update it just confused me caused problems an an now I'm giving it a bad review.
After the update I will train my ally and spend 2 million then I will come back later and all that progress will be lost, I lost 10 million now for this dumb update it's so bad and I don't get the money back. Learn to make a successful update for once... terrible game was great before the update now it's terrible
