Tricky Make While gaming, theres a timeline. New element can be created only after a certain timeline. Eg for making Sea, Water  Water. But this combo will work only after a certain time has passed. Not earlier. Very tricky make.
Soooo many glitches It's a good game but it CRASHES CONSTANTLY one time it crashed and once i got on again, it deleted all my progress Don't waste your dollar on this pathetically programed game
Horrible Game keeps closing before I can even play it. I just wasted a dollar I could've spent of a better game
How do I play This game seriously needs an introduction on how to play it. I don't even understand what the point is Why am I creating elements How can I do challenges What do the lightning bolts do Please... help me out by teaching me the game.
Rip off Can't get pass the title screen wasted time please or money back sumthing can't play any your games broke
It crashes. I can't leave the menu otherwise it crashes Please fix.
Boring You don't do anything except go down the list and try to put stuff together, and most of the time it doesn't make anything. More tedious than fun. Wish I had tried the free version first....
Lame Too random, too many ads especially for purchasing it.
Randon crashed Jusr bought it and i got a random crash in the game 
So many ads Seriously spamy even after turning partner ads of and buying the game.
awful It crashed before I played it and couldn't get refund
Really seems cool, but... I'm stuck with the same elements and can't make anything else. I've tried all the combinations I have which are only 4 with their branch offs, and none of them create anything new. Sucks.
Cant play it. I bought the game but everytime I try to play  on my samsung galaxy tablet it glitches out and crashes the whole system. The music warps, the screen freezes and then everything goes black for a few minutes. When the display finally comes back the game is closed out. This is the only program on my tablet that has ever caused these kind of issues.
The worst of mobile gaming practices Incessant notifications, meaningless social integration requests, rampant inapp purchases. Simply having this game installed is far more annoying than any fun you'd have playing it.
Pay but still stare at ads. Game itself is cute, has potential. But there was no warning that the paid version of the app is still riddled with ads, including video ads that can't be dismissed. I hate ads, and I will gladly pay to not see them. But to have paid and still have ads This app has been uninstalled and I will not download anything else from this publisher. For shame.
