Force close I'll d advice not to even purchase this game at all bcus it's very annoying after buying the game with lots of money and downloading with data plane still cannot play bcus it's force closed. U add better refund my money if u can't upload something reasonable. Nonsense
Feels like a flash game It used to be working fine, i was playing against my PS3 friends, i had my account added. Now nothing works, the saves are gone, the nfs store edition cars do not work, are blacked out. This is why people do not buy games anymore. waste of money. Use the cracked version prior to latest updates. It is working fine.
NFS Edition Cars cannot be unlocked.  It says no connection even I'm connected on active wifi. Dealership is not working. I looking forward that EA will fix this.
Controls sucks. There should be controls like NFS NL. Touching on left and right for Stearing control. Current 3 options are useless for me..
What's going on Just downloaded the game. It's downloaded up to 95 yet it won't go any further. I've got 4g and full WiFi, it just freezes on me, can anyone help
Where are the NFS edition cars Why is it always 'connection error' whenever I check the nfs dealership for NFS EDITION cars I have a very active connection. BRING BACK THE NFS DEALERSHIP
Nexus 7 2nd gen Updated now get server error wish I had never updated what a joke .
Steering Only reason I'm giving this a 25 star rating is due to the steering in the game No Limits has the ability to tap left part of screen for move left, and same with right part of screen for move right The steering wheel option is horrid and uncomfortable, I don't use controllers for mobile, and that other option is just so bad I'm not going to talk about it further. If this had the same steering options as NFSNL I'd probably give it a 34, but as of right now... No.
I waisted 10c to buy this game it's not the full game it's only racing I like to go around the  city  country side  be chace by the cops if the game was on offer it has to be the full version or keep the game at the right price because people feel cheated so I give you 1 star but if it was the full version I will give you 5 stars
Boring I guess the graphic is amazing, the gameplay.... not so much. When I bought this I thought I was getting the full NFS experience, but nope, you had to put IAPs on a paid game and ruin the point of tuning. You can't even customize your damn car. Overall, it's not really worth getting this. You know EA, if you were generous, you would've just made this game to hook people into getting the console version, but you had to become greedy and put a half assed game, well done.
Can't download fileson phone and crashing on tab. Can't download additional content on my phone. 2gig is needed. I got 4gig of free space and i still can't download it. Every time it says there are 0MB free.  On my tab it crash instand on startup.
super disapointed. What is this MOGA crap. I have a standard bluetooth controller from Amkette in India where i can't get MOGA and it doesnt work. It exclusively needs a MOGA controller. random.  please open it up so that any BT HID Controller can work. Can't be that hard, and it's good for your consumers. Look forward to hearing from you
GAME IS NOT WORKING THR GAME IS NOT WORKING, I SPENT THE WHOLE NIGHT DOWNLOADING THE GAME BUT FOR A PAID VERSION THIS GAME REALLY IS TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT, I DONT KNOW IF THERE IS ANY WAY TO FIX THIS BUT IT SURE IS NOT WORTH IT. BUYING A TOP UP CARD TO DOWNLOAD THIS GAME IS ONE THING, THE PAID VERSION IS ANOTHER THING, EA GAMES IS A GOOD GAME DEVELOPER BUT THIS HAPPENED. SO FRUSTRATED
Crash I payed for and downloaded the game but very time it says ...unfortunately NFS most wanted has stopped....I am using odys conect 8...
Please do something with the game, it worked 2 days and now i get crash on open everytime i try to open, please fix the game, im not buying games for fun, i buy them to play... Until game will work ill rate 1 star becauze i cant play it anymore.
Its fraud No connection and nfs edition cars are locked. Change game description or enable this option EA
Every time Download Failed I purchased this game and post installation it asked for 618 mb update. Tried twice and every time, download failed at 99 stating app has stopped... This is pathetic.. Please don't waste time
