New and unimproved First was the change in cards, now you put clickable ads next to the new game button... Why In hope that someone will accidently click it Well you have made me purposely click the uninstall button.
Improved think again Since the upgrade it hangs constantly... maybe due to animations Also I hate the clicking noise I have all volumes muted, but this game manages to start with the sound on and clicking... why this was preupgrade too Please leave animations optional and leave sound settings as they were
Until this apps give me my best scores like its suppose to this one star will remain thee same....I got 50 moves less then 2mins and won the game then the auto win came up on the screen and the game froze....FIX IT NOWWWWW
Windows XP did it better All you really need to do to get a high score is move cards back and forth to rack up points. Also, randomly tapping the screen seems to be the best way to win. I thought that solitaire was easy to get right, but I guess I was wrong.
It's Solitaire... It's typical Solitaire so this review isn't of the game but the app function itself. When I first started using it a week ago everything was fine. It had ads in between games but it's free so whatever. But with this latest update the auto win freezes the game but the timer keeps running. Also sometimes there is a clickable ad next to the new game button but sometimes there isn't. The whole thing is frustrating and needs to be fixed.
Bad update Use to love the app but now if I when the game freezes. That is if I win, it's been 4 days since I won a game.  I get mostly done then I can't go anywhere. I thought that I was just being stupid but then it kept happening.  Uninstalled.
Solitaire Use to love this app., but since the update I've went from winning around 1 in 4 games. To if I'm lucky 1 in 10 or worse. Whats going on It seems no matter how I play even to the point of replaying the same game 310 times. That within 35 moves I'm hit with a dead end. I realize that it happens playing this game. But not this often even in real life.
New upgrade  AWFUL Game freezes all the automatic shuffling eats up data on phone oftentimes have to shut phone off because of this app. Also hate the big numberschanged it back to original format.
Blah... Dissapointing Just basic solitare, not many options...like Vegas play or deck color...just plain, straightforward, simple solitare, I like it tho Could use alot more options developers...Keep up the fine work
New update blows The new update is terrible. It hurts your eyes to look at the terrible art work. I used to love this, now I will be uninstalling and finding another version. This one sucks
Sucks The most annoying ads.  Game is clunky   come on people. We are expecting better than this.
Issues since update  Before the update, I loved this solitaire app, but now when I win within 120 or less the game freezes up. I like to try and beat my score every time but now it's pointless. Please fix this issue... I don't like the other solitaire apps and don't want to have to delete this one. Thanks
Freezes every time I win. This game was enjoyable, even with the annoying ads. But now it keeps freezing EVERY SINGLE TIME I win. Annoying.
Sounds I can live with ads in a free game but not ones that blare sound when I want silence.  One time was too many.  Uninstalling.
New Update.. Ever since I did an update last week the whole game has changed. I HATE the pop up adds and the cards are harder to grab and move around.. Might uninstall if doesn't get fixed.
Updates poor New cards are hard to read. Ads are poorly placed. Performance has suffered since the update,lags and freezes up. Funny when updates are added and the biggest differences are ads and poor performance. Uninstalled
