Won't load My son was really excited to use this but after downloading it, it just won't load. I keep trying to open it but it keep s saying loading assets. Please fix
Doesn't load I have 2 very sad girls with freshly colored pages, waiting for the magic, and the app only says loading assets.  Samsung galaxy tab 4
I HATE IT DO N O T BUY BOOKS THAT WANT U TO CRY NO FAIR I WILL REPORT THE GAME PLEASE FIX I'M NOT LETTING MY SON CRY TURN THAT FREAKING GAME ON OR I WILL REPORT THIS IS NONSENSE LET THIS GAME GET REPORTED AT NOW
Doesn't work,  Don't waste Your data. This is a very large app and takes up a lot of data to doWnload and yet,  it doesn't work.  Will Not go past loading assets.
Your up date is flawed 91515 App is sort of  working now but, in game purchases are not loading from previously perchased content. Its 11615 and still not able to access content that was purchased two weeks before the app was update.
Loading issue My girls were so excited to use this, but when we open the app, it says loading assets and stays like that. Please fix this.
Total disappointment for my kids Can't really give a description since the app continuously force closes Try explaining that to 3 young boys reading every page that says Watch your picture come to life Don't bother wasting time on downloading this extremely large app of uselessness....
Same hear won't load my daughter's 8th birthday party so excited to see it come to life like it said and wont load. So sad on such a special day for a special girl 
Failure What a disaster of an app. It takes several minutes for the app to fully load. The app costs crazy amounts of money, 26 for all books or about 5 each for a few digital pages of a coloring book that cost 2 instore. The picture scan doesn't work, it only takes pictures doesn't bring them to 3D as described.
App is the worst by farWon't load This App is by far the worst App I have EVER downloaded. I hate to even give it one star, because it doesn't deserves that. My three years old daughter was so excited to start using the App, but it won't load. Worst by far Disney really needs to fix this mistake or remove it permanently.
Won't load This app says it's installed then I open it and it says it's installing and loading I have tried many different time uninstalling and reinstalling and waited a week and tried again. Very disappointed about this app.
Locks up Locks up at loading assets and won't go any further. Crayola's Color Alive app works fine and uses the same tech so this must just be a bad app.
Crap crap crap Don't buy the books for your kids. They get so excited and then the app don't work. Keeps shutting down. Hey Disney you want to come explain to my crying child when she can't use this app.
Doesn't Work Really irritating to buy the kids something they are so excited about just for the dumb app not to work. Takes pictures but does NO 3D animations at all. Deleting the app....Completely disappointed.    062015      3 months later, we're in Septemeber now and the app is WORSE. just says loading assets even after the additional file is completed. DOES NOT WORK AT ALL. COME ON DISNEY GET IT TOGETHER
It won't work on my phone The so just keeps cycling on a loading screen and never actually loads. One very disappointed child in my house.
Doesn't load Do you know what it's like to explain to a threeyearold that the application won't load They don't understand and it is frustrating.
Recent Update killed it My daughter loved coloring on this app.  After the update, the app now is stuck at Loading Assets... I payed the upgrade a while ago, and now that it doesn't work, I'm out that money. Very disappointing.
My daughter is crying because your app does not work this is ridiculous thanks alot disney, thats terrible to get kids hopes up then shut them down
Extremely disappointed Thank you Disney for greatly upsetting my 4 and 5 year old daughters with your misleading application. We waited 4 hours for it to download only for it to pop up with  loading assets.. and the app never loads... EPIC FAIL Way to go Disney... NOT 
Not good Don't waste your time or storage
Loading assets 2 disappointed girls here. Bought the book, expect it work on one of my 5 different Android devices.
Won't load My 4 year old daughter is very sad the app won't load.
If I can rate it lower than one star I would, won't load. My baby cousin was excited to use it and now it doesn't work please fix 
Loading Assets My lil girl loves this app but now all it will do when trying to open is say loading assets. Please fix.
Expensive trick. The free ones don't work and the ones you need to buy are expensive.  Not family friendly at all.  My preschooler is disappointed.
I purchased the 7.99 add on and this product worked fine until the last update and now just stalls at loading assets.  Someone needs to fix this issue as it has been going on for a couple weeks now.  Either fix it or refund the money you charged
Wont load. As well as other downloaders,my child too was very excited to play this. Continuously  says INSTALLING LOADING ASSESTS
Won t load Can't get this app past loading assets screen Really disappointed  Uninstalled. Such a waste of time and tears
Loading assets My daughter loved this app so much, that I purchased the additional stuff. It worked fine, it was great... She was entertained with it, up until a couple of weeks ago. Now it just says loading assets...doesn't open up at all. What upsets me more is that I spent money on it. Fix the problem and you'll get 4stars Or refund the money
Disney color and play I get to the page where I would choose the camera and the app stops working. I've spent way too much time trying to load and get this to work
Restore Purchase My son loves this but I can't restore purchases after upgrading my device.
Doesn't start After downloading more than 1.3 GB of my precious data, it's still loading assets
