I cant continue through the game before it reboots It reboots randomly during gameplay fix bugs other then that you guys do well by putting more shadow runs on mobile devices
Could be awesomer than the first, but.. Concept is great, characters good and gameplay OK. BUT No zoom . Really really really long load times even on a flagship phone from last year that has 3GB of RAM. Can't finish the smuggler run, all combat ends and game just sits there. Won't except any inputs. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE address With 5 stars wo these issues.
Not a mobile game Text is so small you can't read it without squinting. Buttons are tiny and almost unclickable. Not a mobile game but rather a shrunk PC Version. Don't purchase until they actually make it a mobile game.
It  Sucks It is an awesome game that is ruined by very awful operation.  It stops constantly and will even shut the mobile down.  I have a htc one, not a cheap phone. It is practically too frustrating to play.  If it was not such an outstandin game i would uninstall and ask for refund  Redeem yourselves and fix these problems hbc, this game is worth it
Love the game, hate the bullshit Slow load times, wimpy interface, LOSES MY SAVES, would give 4 stars if my game progress didn't vanish, 5 stars if they speed it up a bit
An RPG that plays once...bugged out. An RPG with different classesraces that you can only play once. Second time, players weaponsitems went missing. Third the game froze at same point multiple times, half way through the game. Samsung Note 3....the first play was good, some lag issues at times. Not worth the price.
Unplayable without zoom Maybe it's an actual feature of the game to not be able to see what's written on the Gnote4 screen. Maybe the devs are trying to speed up the evolution of the human eye and thus bring about a cyberpunk singularity. I dunno.
An hour of loading screens later... I bet this game would be awesome, if I could play it. It crashes every 2 or 3 minutes. It took 8 tries over 2 days just to make it into then out of the safehouse. I still haven't completed the 3rd mission because I can't even get into the coffee house without the game crashing. Playing on a gpad 7.0. I'll change my rating when I can actually play the game. The best i can give now is that the character creationcustomization screen works well. Please fix it.
Great game. Terrible glitches, freezes and hangs I wanted to like this game, but it doesn't want to be liked. Slow loading times make casual play crawl. Bugs never get addressed by support. Text so small that I can feel myself going blind.   That said the story is great. The game play is pretty straightforward and fairly intuitive.   I still want a refund after not being able to pass the same spot in the game multiples times over and 30hours playing.
