Soo Disappointed This was my game I played while  drinking coffee too get my day going..  NOW who would want to start their day off like this Repeats, glitches, just garbage. Do not purchase until they take the time to fix this game
Almost Perfect Word Game Very fun game for word game lovers.  Power ups and 3round system make it better than Boggle.  Totally totally totally worth it.  Would have given 5 stars if I hadn't been nagged into rating it.  Annoying.  Coercive.   A gradually increasing  games between reminds would fix that.  Later should be much later after the second remind, and then much much later, and so on.  Other than that I would rate it a 5.
For awhile it stopped crashing  but now it's back to crashing after each game.. Also it's very difficult to play fast because when swiping tiles it inaccurately hits the tiles. The problems have driven people away and it's hard to find people to play.
PLEASE FIX USED TO LOVE THIS GAME Got update today and I was so excited because I  thought they fixed the problem with the same practice game playing, but sadly no.  Please, please  fix this.  I used to be so addicted to this game and would like to be again.  As soon as that's fixed, I'll rate this 5 stars.
Old bug has cured my addiction to this game. I have the paid version and practice mode is always the same game for about a year now. Used to be fun to practice but not the same game every time.  Second more people would play Random opponents if that opponent could later be deleted from your list of opponents.  Third it would be nice to know if your opponents are using the cheats.
Enough with the rating prompt So sick of being asked to rate this every second. Great game except for that
Fix it I love this game but ever since I downloaded it on my new Samsung S5 it crashes after every turn. I have to quit the app in order to reset it again. It's so frustrating. I emailed support too with a screen shot but never heard back.
What's the point I bought the app hoping I could use the practice mode to play over and over. But the tiles are the same with each round. Needs to be fixed. Company won't respond to both emails I sent. Dropping to 1 star.
Addicted to Word Crack I cannot get enough of this game...it is challenging to say the least. So many spelling variations and I learn  new words every day.
Great game going bad Developers dont answer email, nor do basic testing.  Game has become unusable.  Very sad.  Highly recommend do not buy. Used to be my commute game.
