Was a great app until latest update for Nabi Dreamcast This was my daughters favorite app to use on her Nabi Dreamtab tablet until the release of the latest update in early November 2015. Now when the tablet is in Nabi mode she is unable to access the app. Google needs to release a patch to fix this problem because the app is USELESS otherwise.
On my son's nabi dream it keeps saying it needs to be updated which we have checked for all updates multiple times so it only works if I open the app directly through the Google play app... Is there something I'm missing only works in mommy mode not nabi
Won't work on Nabi This app was amazing and my kids' favorite til a few weeks ago. Now they can't access it from their safe mode, they can only access it from mommy mode. Not good because in mommy mode they have access to everything including making purchases. Pls fix this yt
WAS A GOOD IDEA My baby girl likes to watch frozen, minnie mouse but whenever it ends theres alot of videos of kids playing or adult palying with toys or eggs and i dont like my daughter watching this stuff  so I would recommend a button   called I dont want to watch this anymore. . Please  actually I reset the app each time that my daughter get to see those videos but I'm getting tired of doing it 
Doesn't Work on Nabi Dreamtab anymore. With the latest update, it keeps asking us to update Google Services in Parent Mode, but everything is up to date.
Need fix for nabi When in nabi mode, says to update Google play services, but no update is available.  App works in mommy mode, just not in nabi mode. This makes it useless...
Worked before kids LOVE it, but constantly get a message on our Nabi's asking to update google play services.  Nabi customer support cannot determine issue, perhaps an issue with this app or google play
What happened Does not work with Nabi2 My son loves this but ever since the update with Nabi it no longer works when in Nabi mode... I will be checking with Nabi to see if there is anything they can do to fix it as well
Used to work Kids have Nabi tablets and after yt kids update it no longer let them get on this app Please fix. My kids love this app. It's a lot of kid videos that this app won't let them look at also
Not working anymore Was working fine but wont play videos now. Tried contacting creators but no response.
Nice idea but... My 7 year old is never going to tolerate this. It would be nice if you could pick their age and the videos would be appropriate. Definitely only aimed at children around 4 years old. That's not the age that are in school with their friends talking about all the cool YouTube videos.
Great if you don't mind Jesus and God Having a filtered version of YouTube is a great idea. However videos allowed include Dan TDM Minecraft reviews which include a lot of Jeez Jeez Jesus. Other videos have  God. So this app has a 12 certificate from me.
Liar This app has hardcore pornographic content. Such as hentai and furry porn please don't download
