Whats the point of playing  I've won I don't know how many scratch offs but don't get them tells me to claim in store They are not there and I've completed and open some achievements that i haven't received either starting not to like this game any more
Newest update sucks I can't use scratchers after games. It tells me too claim them in the store and they aren't there. Odds are whenif they fix it i will lose all my scratchers. Disappointed. Why did you have to mess up a fun game
Thanksgiving The tier game for thanks giving won't let me play my turn it's says connection error or something went wrong fix it please
Changing my rating The most recent update on this game is not cool  Please fix... Thank you for more bonus rolls on scratchers
Getting tired that I have to uninstallinstall every 2 days so game will notify me of my turn. I hate that they constantly try to have you play against people you don't know. If I want to play I know what to do. Each update is making this game less fun. Bonus rolls are a joke. The most you get is 2. Don't know anyone that ever got 200
Frequent connection problems Getting worse all the time. Beat a Dice Master by 40 points and it said I lost. Twice. Continually cheats me out of bonus rolls. Frequent mismatch errors. Daily Tourney scored 300 it said 268. Clearly rigged to force you to pay to win. Other apps don't have these issues.
What did you do Ever since update that I didn't authorize I can't claim my scratchers. Says claim in store guess what that's to buy NOT claim your update SUCKS Fix the problem because I see I am not the only one.
Game sucks After awhile you can almost predict what youre going to roll. Additionally,  if playing the free version,  too many pop up ads while in the middle of a roll...not just the game but while youre rolling the dice. Time to uninstall this app
There is only one good thing about this game and that is playing with friends. The tournaments aren't worth taking the time to play. You can't win past a certain level. It is an annoying ploy to get you to play against the computer. You win bonuses when you reach a certain level. The thing is you can't reach those levels. Thumbs down on the tournaments.
Bad update I have a bunch of scratchers, but after this newest update. ... I never get to claim any of them.  It's ridiculous
Unreal This game might be fun if it weren't for all the advertising and pop ups. Oh my goodness. There are entirely way to many. Not worth the headache. Every second or 2 is a video or advertising.  No thank you. Uninstalling immediately.
Dice Master Challenges SUCK I love everything about the whole Dice Master Challenges idea... EXCEPT  that you drop ALL THE WAY TO THE BOTTOM when you lose ONE game. It takes me 3 or 5 or 7 wins to get up there, but just ONE loss, and I have to start ALL OVER That's BULLSHIT And you know it. I could see dropping 2 instead of 1, but not ALL THE WAY to the beginning It's frustrating, and makes me not want to play sometimes. It needs to change.
They go overboard trying to get you to buy free rolls Fun but, was more fun in the past. Seems they do everything with the main goal of getting you to buy free rolls. Now they tell you to claim scratchers in the store. Wow, can their greed be anymore apparent. What happened to playing for fun and enjoying a game with friends. GREED TOOK OVER
Where Are My Scratchers A scratcher is supposed to be earned upon completing a game.  But it now  tells me to go to the store to get them.  I do, but there's nothing there except options to BUY bonus rolls and scratchers.  I don't know what you've done, but could you fix it please
DO NOT UPDATE Great...people complain about some of the changes like the percentage an games lost not being there and there's an update .....don't address that but make annoying pop ups for the tourneys pop up at the end of games instead...going downhill fast.
Well again updated last night and my dice r so terrible They just can't leave things alone Well I'm not surprised to see such terrible reviews I can't even get my friends to play anymore because it such a rip off...I've had so many scratch offs that have 3 numbers the same but I don't get credit. The biggest winner is a joke I counted 7 games I won after starting a new session it still said I need 1 win. I hope u can do something so my friends will come back
