Never got my gems I had purchased gems, and the money was removed from my account but yet I never got my gems , don't get me wrong I like this game an all, but making people pay and get nothing in return is wrong, your basically stealing the hard earn money that people work for  Like seriously come on Disney 
Wtf I have full internet access and the app won't open on my tablet. All it does is play commercial and close without giving options to play on main screen. It doesn't make sense that it's fully updated and won't play. Fix this
Fun game, EXCEPT. Every time I go to buy more gems, the game fails to save state when I leave to get my password out of 1Password, so I finish my purchase and go to finish the level and it's booted me out and started over.   In addition, I just tried to complete a purchase, and not only did the level reset, it charged me, and DIDN'T give me the 22 gems I just purchased. I expect better from Disney.
Fun Like most games like this, once you go so far into higher levels without paying the game becomes unplayable without paying.  I have played one level over 25 times and i never get what i need to finish the game.  A friend of mine is stuck on same level.  Image that
0, pure dissapointment to the great movie WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED HERE I just downloaded this game after watching the movie and guess what It kept crashing and I couldn't even play a single level. Until it is fixed, this game had brought me nothing but DISAPPOINTMENT wasted my time, my energy and my data bandwidth. So, developers, prove me wrong by fixing this in the next update.
Hate update I hate the new update it sucks I liked how the balls looked before the update bc it looked more realistic now it's a price of shot game.It needs more free powerups before the new update it was the best game ever and I would have gave this game 5 stars. But the update made it suck.I advise no one downloads this app bc now it sucks and I feel like deleting it bc it sucks now bc of the update.peace
Ridiculous Starts out fun but ends up being impossible at the later levels like at level 86. Unless of course you wanna spend a fortune to get the lifelines. Why can't a game be genuinely created for the sole purpose of generating fun but be tainted by commercialization and twisted to siphon money outta players Disgusting
Money grab It's playable for first several levels. Higher levels are made in a way YOU HAVE TO PAY no matter how many lives you have, cause you need to have additional abilities which cost money. Rubbish. Avoid.
