PLEASE fix it ASAP I got up to level 76 and not it won't load anymore of the levels. It's not letting me play at all. I love this game so Please fix this problem I hate to uninstall it.
Can't see the objects It won't show the objects to slidejump over so I crash because there's nothing there to see Fix or I'm uninstalling
Force Closing I am using ZenFone2 4gb ram model in the first level with in 6sec game is unfortunately force closing I tried to clear data of app and also reinstated app issue exists. If u fix this issue I will give 5 stars to this app. Thank You
Starting to dislike I really like this game but it keeps closing on me. Every time I try to play it now it just shuts off when it's trying to load the board.....  can't get pass level 34 if it keeps shutting off.... I don't wanna delete this game but if this keeps happening I may have to...... it would be great if I could get this on my kindle too....just a little hint this games is starting ton suck
Too many ads I love this game. I remember first downloading and playing it being fun, a nice way to pass time,  the many different levels... NOW it just freezes, crashes a lot,  too many ads. I waited to rate to see a change but it's the same after two weeks.
This game has terrible glitches. Wouldn't download the game. I have downloaded this game 3 times hoping it would get better but it still has problem Hate it.
FIX IT After update when sliding into items to collect them game slows down almost to stopping. By the time it picks back up you have hit something and lost a life. So many problems Please do a better job fixing these problems my daughter loves this game but we are ready to delete it.
The game is great HOWEVER 1. You ask people to write an review which means u want to make things better if there not all ready right so in that case why cant it be fixed     2. It should be unlimited lifes because im sat waiting all day for lifes when ive used all my 7 i get given  3. I love the game but needs some SERIOUS INPROVEMEANTS
Looney tunes dash Having problems with game. It starts loading,takes my life's then throws me back to my home screen on my Android. Please fix this. Problems continue n no results or concerns. Uninstalling the game. How can I solve this problem Even forced closed it. Deleted the game n finally re installed it after months. Guess what same problems different day. Would give it a 5 star n purchase some things. But not with that the problems haven't been resolved. Like the game but rate it 1
Losing progress I am losing progress on my game. I have completed the first episodes card challenge and have yet to get my 1 star and 10 cash. I just got an extra star on level 79 and the loony card and when I reopened the app after it crashed on me I lost the star and card. PLEASE FIX AND HELP
Need more games The app has issues .. I does not work is slow or it runs with a glitch.. Pls fix it the app does not work like it should
awful This game and company is a joke. After the first 15 levels it will go to a screen and says please wait downloading more Looney..... And it gets to 91 and then fails it won't download past 91 so for now I givebit 1 stars. It's not my internet or phone I have over 2 GB free  space left and every other game that requires internet does just fine so I have concluded that the game is broken......
Update ruined it Oh look, another update, another problem. Now it won't let me click on the next level And it's been lagging really bad. I'm over this game and its issues...
