Purchased License, NOT Working Purchased the license to save 5k of my original photos offline and every time I try it says I need to purchase...again FIX I tried sll the creators suggestions to others here its a piece of crap and not worth 7 for sure which is very expensive foe such an app Angry
Refund Please I'm having the same problem Jason Ellis Had. Why Take People's Money If This Doesn't Work I Purchased,  Yet Its Telling Me To Purchase
Refund time. . Bought  the premium  license so I can grab a video of my daughter and now it just keeps saying I need the license after I bought it... thanks for nothing
Unable to play video I have a 15 minute video from after the birth of my daughter, and after almost a year, and after paying 7 dollars for this, I still cannot retrieve my video from Picasa. All it says is that it's unable to play the video. I'm disgusted, and will be looking for my refund. I have lost something so incredibly valuable to me, even after paying to retrieve it. I hate Picasa, I hate Google, and I cannot thank you enough for screwing up the most memorable moment of my life. Thanks
Don't work anymore Only bought it because I could move photos , can't do that anymore .  reply from Dev was Blame Google ,he  didn't care at all
This app is the worst doesnt let me download anything i want my 6 bucks back ppl dont download this app save uf money
Waste of money If you spend hours every day browsing Picasa, maybe this is worth purchasing.  But I just wasted seven times what I usually spend on an app in hopes that I could use this to organize my Picasa folder. Turns out that's not part of the app's capability.  A seven dollar app can't do what I can just use Google for.  I want my money back.
Mmmm Only appears to upload to one account.and cannot upload to existing albums..  Not good really.. .  Cleared cache..  Reinstalled.   Shouted at..  But still only uploads to a single account
Not worth the purchase I want a refund. All I've tried to do was save my photos to my phone from my Picasa app. Even after purchasing the Licensing app I cannot download these photos in their original format. I want a refund. This license does not work. The picasa tool did not automatically detect anything. Do not purchase.
It sucks Tried moving my pics from one album to another but it didn't work. Tried renaming my albums but it didn't work Fix it and I'll install again and change my rating
SAD Hi i am very upset.. I have the HTC ONE M8 and bought this app... It will not allow me open it.. Please refund ASAP
Not working I paid the license to view my old videos....It does not work.  Very disappointed.
Marshmallow Won't work on marshmallow, despite paying for premium. Should have been updated by now.
Lost my videos I uploaded some pictures and some video for backup when I went to play my video it's said this function is only used in premium I bought the premium when I went to play my videos half of them were nothing but just pictures I don't know what happened to my videos I lost one very important video I would like to recover them is it possible
Can't Get App To Work I paid 6.99 for this app and so unhappy with it. I can't get it to work and can't contact anyone to Assit me. I would like my money back. I wanted this to work so bad. Love working with pictures. Please give me a contact number or email.
Terrible I paid 7 USD because I thought I could watch my google photos videos offline after making a offline album but I was wrong. I wish I could give negative stars. There is no online help and it says all my stuff is in gallery but my nexus 9 does not have a gallery so what a waste.
It doesn't work...kept asking me to buy the license
This was one of the best apps on this category. Since upgrade to Marshmallow on Nexus 5, cannot login due to a loop issue.  Mails to Colifer Lab remain unanswered
