Wat the h e l l They cheated me and took my 100 medals away when I was choosing my towers and a ad just pop up and I did not even battle anyone now I have only 7 medals give them back
Extreme amount of hackers I'd say 50 of the games I played were against hackers.....getting super monkeys first round....having 100s of boons pass them and not count...tired of it.
Need a report function I really need to report TONS of hackers, I've lost at least 85 medals due to them, I'd send a ceramic bloom, vets through, not damaged.
Wtf This game started out so great, but has gone diwn hill quick.  Ever since these updates i can barely get through a game.  Without it bugging out or completely freezing in me.  Gonna delete the game soon if nothing changes
II LOVE IT, BUT I always won the game and i have no lose.. i always connect on data cause we dont have wifi and then if im almost winning the game it started to disconnect and i hate that Plss fix this problem to rate you five star everyone loves this but not data users.. tnx if u fix this game..
Hackers Too many people us hacking and get unfair wins. The moabs went through his defense but he did not losed any health. Please get the hacks out of the game nobody should be hacking and you sometimes deserve to win but then the hackers can not lose because they can't lose health.  Please fix this and protect the game
I like it a lot and I am having fun but usually it disconnects Even tho I have good connection then I will loose medals cuz of that  Da fudge plz make ma loose medals after battling its so unfair TT
Omg please fix this i begg you.. I'm a new player but i keep fighting pros like have a silver gold thing and the red mega loon is too over power so i uninstall the app before i brake my phone 
It's good till a high level The game always slows down and lags when I reach a high level then it slows down and it's impossible to make new towers or send any balloons.
All about hackers, cheats and cheaters Will you please debug hacks, cheats and cheaters of this game. Coz they're unfair. Too many bloons inserted their base but still their live is intact in 150. and they hack medallions. And also please put a chat button so we can communicate in real time to the opponent, thank you ninja kiwi.
Poor customer service I paid 3.99 last week for unlimited access to the new club rooms and I am still waiting for access. I have emailed kiwi ninja several times and have had zero response. I warn everyone to be careful If you have problems you WILL be ignored. I requested a refund a few days ago which again was ignored
Really used to be good It used to be so fun you could play and actually really want to keep playing. But its been plagued with cheaters who will within the first ten seconds will have hundreds of monkeys. Theres like 50 new modes That have made the home screen so cluttered and confusing and its just not the game it used to be and it seemes to be getting worse not better.
Same hame New look, same game. Match players by their battle scores NOT their win loss ratio. I'm playing against people with thousands of battle score when I have less than 300.
