Cannot open it After I'd downloaded the game, it wouldn't open, closed itself down, after a while of having the game it began to work again and I've been playing it since. But now suddenly stopped working again, please fix this
Plant picker not working I am still getting three plants locked by dave inspite of completing adventure mode two times. Is it by design on an error
It doesn t work I'm using a note 3, I bought this game with my own money and it doesn't even open. What is this I want my money back or at least something to play It doesn't deserve even one star
Great game, but Doesn't work on Nexus 7 running Lollipop 5.0.1. Game just crashes. EA please fix.
Doesn't work... Can't play this it crashes when i get to the first loading screen which is a pity because I really wanted to play this and i did pay for it too I'm on a Samsung Galaxy  tab S2
On Lollipop 5.x this game doesn't start, it just crashes to 'desktop', on Xperia Z.  One day ago I've downgraded my device to 4.1.2  personal reasons  and the game works as it should. Am keeping my review to a 2 stars for the lack of support on EA's part for android 5.x and above. People have paid money for this and now they can't even launch the game. Nobody should be forced to downgrade just to enjoy a game or an app. And also not so many people know how to do that as well so shame on you EA. 
Won't work I have an S5 and it just crashes everytime I open it. Please fix I payed and don't want my money wasted
Cool game, but not compatible with my kitkat nexus The game works on my devices as long as i dont use android kitkat, on kitkat it starts once and then crashes to desktop. Works on my phone now with jelly bean, but not on my kitkat nexus 7, doesnt matter if i use art or dalvik as runtime ... please update dor five star rating ....
Lack of support for Android even in a paidfor game Great game BUT Apparently they only care about iCrap users... Every time you get out of the app while playing and get back to it to resume play it becomes unstable and the touch precision goes away and you have to restart the whole thing.  Happens on all devices I've tried it.
Refund Brought the game but when I opened it it crashed instantly. I'm using my nexus 7 and I would like a refund
Not working on my Galaxy S5 running lollypop crashes straight away and  says   unfortunately plants vs zombies has stopped working  payed for this so please fix EA
Fix the resume game button plz Works just fine till you need to exit for a call or something, the game becomes unresponsive you need to restart the whole app and lose all of your progress in the level...
Stupid game won't even start now. The gold present with a 100 chance of providing a plant you don't have is only 16.7 accurate. 5 out of 6 purchases have given me plants I already have. 250000 coins wasted.
Can't play game Paid for this expecting to at least be able to play it with mabye a bit of lag but no I cant even get to the main menu for that to even happen it just crashes when the grass starts to roll on the loading page Sort it out
Unfair play Won't work on Lollipop, yet free version works no problem. Think it's unfair play that there is an option to purchase a no ads version of that one... Why can't you fix this one for those that purchased it already
PAID APP NOW FREEMIUM Paid app that has to still use coins you have to purchase extra..... Greedy disgusting ea... Also... Only five star positive reviews appear top of the list....shocking
It sucks First time to try purchasing from app store. And honestly this is a terrible experience Installed it on my Samsung Duos S GT7562. But it's giving me an error saying that it's not compatible with my android device You guys should've put compatibility information in this game info so that users like me won't have a bad experience and won't feel like we just wasted money on this
Ripoff. Message This app is not authorized to run on your device is displayed. That being the case, why take my money and let me download a game you know won't work Also, what gives with a developer authorizing a device Certifying compatibility I understand, but authorizing Lenovo Yoga Tab 2 running KitKat.
What the hell. I go into the game and so much lag I can't even see the Peters to type.so much lag no writing turns up at all and so much lag that when I play the game it only shows white I have this on my iPod and it works and my foster he's it on the exact same model phone as mine the it securely ain't my phone.
Can't install on Galaxy Nexus 19th May 2015 worked on Kitkat but now with Lollipop stopped working. smh....  7th June 2012 update, still not compatible on Galaxy Nexus, what's up with that
I paid RM3.50 by RHB Bank card to Google EA today, but the bank told me Google EA to deduct RM7.50 from my acount, why i hav to pay double money  How can i get back my money  Is it Google EA cheating money 
It's really good, but after last update it crash every time. LG Nexus 4
Note 3 not working Normally it's a really addictive game. But it doesn't now work on my note 3. Please sort it out and I will change rating.
I really liked playing this game on my old phone had purchased it and got a new phone and now it won't let me use it on my Samsung galaxy s5, now I have no ones to play that I like not very happy need them to fix it so it works on all devices
Wtf Truly disappointed won't even open keeps shuttong down developers please sort this out for me as i love this game and can spend hours on it i have an lg spirit.
Deleted Profile Updated app and it deleted my profile. Not happy as you have had money from me for this game and I had spent a long time making lots of progress. Now its all lost, what are you going to do about it
