Help My phone got factory resetting, and I lost all the data.  I had bought 75.000 coins and had shopped more than 90.000 coins and still have 11.000 coins,  but it's all gone after I installed it again.
It isn't working Ever since the panda update I have been unable to play this game. It always force closes every time I try to open it. Please fix this problem              I'm experiencing the exact same problem with Ski Safari Adventure Time as well.
Abandonware It was fun while it lasted, but whether because the developers no longer exist or some other reason, it's buggy such as the infamously unsolvable Ride a Silver Sled in a Pocket Rocket, the  Coming Soon  Dino Level is obviously not coming at all as the app hasn't been updated in a long time, and Defiant Development doesn't respond to emails.
Cannot play...Crashes most of the time.. Please fix this crashing bug...everytime i try to open the game its freezes..most of the time..i have other games that runs fine and smooth...please fix..then i will give a 5 star
Bugs fixedNICE JOKE U even advertise bug fixes and yet I still can't take a silver sled in a pocket rocket. Well played. You achieved nothing. Can't believe your  doin nothing with the money we all gave you.
Sucks on LG G2 Edit Switched to LG G2, and this app is unplayable. For a long time, this used to be my favorite game. There is a major tap to response lag, which makes jumping impossible, and triple tap zoom interferes with gameplay. Dev never responded to email. Sadly, deleting app due to lack of new device support.  Former review Awe. Some  Really nice job developer Smooth play, highly addictive, simple, yet detailed. This game rocks, and I can't put it down
cant play game has a monkey with the hoodie defiant thing and then goes black and  says sorry game has unfortunately stopped plz fix
Gutted. It just doesn't really go anywhere Spent loads of time earning coins to get the bonus action of a coin magnet. Accidentally deselected it, and how I can't use it without another 8000 coins. Great The game doesn't really move anywhere without buying new levels, because you can't open them in normal play. Update did jack for me. Not a game just a money drain while asking for more accessibility to your personal information and accounts.
Major glitch , incomplete Take a silver sled with a pocket rocket will not work for my galaxy 3 and many other phones please fix , can't complete star  Still doesn't work after update 
Wont load, u see defiant load screen u barely see the sled then it crashes i want my money back
Great fun. But.. The last update has swept away all the joy. It hardly  launches every tenth attempt to start the game on my phone now and if it does, lags and rendering  problems on the ramps for instance, makes it even more unbearable. Hope a patch arrives soon. Previous comment Simple but yet not plain. Interesting upgrades makes the game even more attracting.
