connection failed I can't play it on my galaxy s6 edge because it says it needs additional 100MB of data but the connection to the server always fail regardless of wifi or data plan.
the game won't even let me download the additional 100 Mbs over a stable WiFi connection or a stable 4g network. when I can play the game then I'll see how the actual game plays
Blows This game sucks half the time game doesn't make sense I'll be ahead by a hundred guys and then I lose the game
100MB Download Fails  Can't Play I love MW's, but I can't play this one. My WiFi and 4G connections are solid, but when I load the game it fails to connect when trying to download the 100MB file. I'm sure it's a great game, but until I can run it on my brand new Galaxy S6 Edge it's a 1 star.
Good game, bad app Played it well on my tablet. Some disconnecting issues but still managable. The thing is when i play it on my phone and i try to restore using my facebook account, the app crashes. And also, whats the point of playing if u can only lose 6 times and your life doesnt regenerate without paying Defeats the purpose of a free app
Cannot find native library error I can't play it on my OnePlus Two because it displays the following error when I start the application Cannot find native library
Does not work Can't upgrade to new version. It always says cannot connect to server. I thouht their servers were full after the upgrade. But its been a week or so .... dont waste your time
Unplayable Be prepared to be frustrated due to incessant bugs in multi player mode. My progression in single player isn't saving. I pass two castles only to be booted back the first when I run out of plays.
Rips u off constant Like the game but makes so mad I nearly chucked my tablet against the wall. U win shards and try n by the perks for battles, but don't recive them while losing shards. If u lose a connection u also lose the game which is fair enough, but you also lose your go and have to wait ages for for new try. So if u like a good game spoilt buy these issues try it and get as mad as me
Terrible game Starts off kinda fun but then it gets way to hard and you dont regenerate troops unless you pay or restart so the difficulty level is way to high for this game. Uninstalled it after first world
Mushroom bug crashes God I really wanted to love this game. The core game concept is so great. But so many bugs. So many crashes. Such a ridiculous countdown timer on the multiplayer aspect. I ended up paying for a full month to get rid of the damned thing and really wish I hadn't.....
New update now unable to play Have been a long time user of this game started with mushroom wars one on ios then to android and now MW space. After the update it is unable to download the files needed to play. Says unable to connect to server. Try on wifi and 4g with no avail. I am on galaxy s6 edge latest firmweare . And now I've also paid money for in app purchases and unable to use it.
Won't work I really liked this game for a long time and when I got the galaxy s6 active it won't let me download the files needed so please fix it
I was really excited when they announced Mushroom Wars 2.  But that was 3 days ago. Far too many crashes or game freezes in multiplayer games.  If you actually pay for upgrades you're running the risk of throwing your money away. Plus I enjoyed turning the music and fx off, but this version game play is difficult doing this depending on which level you are playing. edit for update massive reduction of game freezes, but just replaced with numerous synchronizing connection problems.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD this game was invented to ruin your life First of all the fact u have 3 lives on multiplayer and have to wait an hour to recover one is appalling Also your campaign was designed to p people off surely to expect anybody to pay to carry on such a retarded poorly thought out money grabbing game is ridiculous. Should have kept it to the basics and not ruin what could have been an amazing game with ur bullt money making lives Save urself the stress and never download this game
Beware of cheaters It's frustrating playing a game you enjoy and then get beat by a bunch of cheaters. You can't even report the player who's cheating. Also, while playing the regular game mode, you guys have the computer bots react just as fast as me when ever I make a move and then get beat badly. If this is your way of buying more health or men, that is not cool.
Asked to download 100mb more Kept saying connection to server failed, kinda hard to rate when I can't even play it
Neat game, major bug I went to play the game this morning and when I turned it on it said it required additional space, I clicked okay and then it tells me it can't connect to a server... I tried with WiFi and without, both failed. I even tried reinstalling this game, that didnt work either. I own an S6, and this is the first game to glitch on me. Disappointing.
