Boring and a waste of time I hate this man. All you do is build stuff and you don't fight, they fihht for you THese type of games are in pressure.
Recent update The game updated without asking me a couple hours ago and now will not log on...I've rebooted reinstalled rebooted and tried wifi and 4G and no go wth
Can't Connect For some reason the game won't connect. It's been trying to for 5 minutes now and it's really frustrating.
Great game.  Way too expensive Maxed everything but super comm and cast.  Game is ridiculously too expensive for one full attack set of tools.  Play very little now.
Just wants your money. Each upgrade requires you to spend more money just to be slightly competitive. Don't waste any money on their 'rubies'. With new update, it takes minutes to open. This is unsatisfactory for when one has an incoming attack.
Connection Issues Will not connect to game server.
Won't let me play
Not my style Clash of clans is butter . MUCH BUTTER
Update cost me  I lost 100k rubies and a lvl 3 stable in my main castle after the update the other day.. That's 30 real money for the rubies not to mention what it cost for the stable upgrade.. I contacted them and haven't heard anything back.. Unless I'm compensated for the rubies I lost because of their horrible update that also boots you 10 times a day and lags horribly.. GG is going to lose a lot of players if they don't get it together..
This game requires gold.. big money. To upgrade, to attack, to defend, n win any contests. Better dont play it from beginning. Or u regret
Wtf Stop telling me to rate its annoying and stop telling me to buy rubies all the time
Too costly The price of rubies and the need for them to actually progress, or senddefend a decent attack has increased to such a level that this game has become way too costly.  Something needs to be done to enable rubies to be less of a necessity
Not connecting... why it is not connecting in my symphony Xplorer V60
Expesive to be competitive
SHOW ME THE MONEY Wwwd
Bloody fuc i dont like ur videos and also this game so pleasee dont show me videos Guyzz dont download this game Im playing billonere and in middle this nonsense game video is starting..
Bore nd confusing
