Hive is messing up Every time I try to log in... Keep saying login failed..... Deleting the game have a good one
At one time, this game eas great... ...but now it's flawed, it locks up, it disconnects during online matchups, doesn't remember ID or passwords.
Homerun Battle 3d This game is very good when you don't have stuck segments all the time aftet completing a match. Have to exit app and return to unfreeze. WTF get your sh together
The hive sucks I play on my note 4 and alot of the time I get on and it's making me log back in almost every time that is starting to make me mad, and they stil k haven't fixed it . It still make u log dam near every time u go to play dam come on and fix it already
Dont make me pay for a game with ads This game has to be the worst for skewed gameplay. So unpredictable for chances in matchup play.  Korean players almost always get the advantage which is no surprise given the producer is korean.  Upgraded for a price but still have to suffer ads So weak. Lags and choppy play overall makes this a terrible waste of my money.
Can't get to game play I enjoyed playing this game a couple of years ago and I recently downloaded it again. Now constant pop ups and requests to sign up for their site, even playing in Guest Mode make it impossible to get to game play.
Fun game, broken ID or user It's a fun game, but I can't customize my slugger. Gives error about needing a different ID, but no option exist to do so.
Do not update  With the  latest update you lose part of your purchase.  You now have to have a login to play online.  Plus everytime I exit the game it resets my phone.  Pass on the update.
Sad Hive part of app never works. Causes app to stop and crash. This game was the best, but now it doesn't work. Don't waste your time on it.
Just too many cheaters Just too many cheaters in multiplayer and the devs don't do anything about it. Shame because it used to be a great game.
Won't work with android 5.0 now won't work w with 5.1.1
BROKEN Played for years, just freezes during loading now. Very aggravating, can't play it at all now. Please fix
Login failed It will not let you login or even register. Facebook login option fails and the G option fails also. Cant upgrade hitter as guest player. Sucks.
Delay Out of nowhere I have a slight delay from tapping the screen to swing in game play.  It's been 2 weeks now.  Very frustrating
Me This is straight garbage can I have my money back
What a rip Payed for this supposed upgrade but when I try to play online it gives the message disconnected. Beside that the game is rigged. Only good to pass time.
Won't open after download
Fail Won't load my purchased items on my new Galaxy Note 5 
Doing review 4 gold balls Ducky game
