All these Updates I would give it at least 4 stars but, theres always an updte and after i update it something different takes place like i cant use my pets until lvl 42. And it takes to long to get outfits, and i still dont understand how to change my rookie status
Cant create a character because its telling me im useing invalid characters. Only characters being used are letters,if nickname being used is to long it would be nice to know what the limit is.UNINSTAL
Fk I need to buy a new phone to play it wtf i am a platinum vip now what i do snailgamei donate for what for an update that not leting me play.evrey week update you enjoy active players with debit cardso do something 
Game still does not work since latest update Snail ADM please more respect for the users Huawei ascend p6 mobile phone.
Not working still Even after the new update I still can't play this game. The game force closes half way through the loading screen. I have Emailed your support team. And their reply was that I don't have enough RAMInternal Memory. I have flashed my phone and only installed Taichi Panda same problem. I have closed all my apps, still have the same problem. It's best for me to give up on this game. Was fun while it lasted.
Lost my character Everytime I update, I go back to the server that my character was on. But it is never there My character is gone. I spent so much money on him. 1 star until my problem is fixed. I love this game. Very addictive and a good time killer.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME Snail is one piece of crap company, always makes the most stupid things. This game continuously have bugs and lags mostly in the important daily quest. Cant even have an PVP fight or battlefield fight without lagging. Every update makes you feel like a mouse lab, like they are always testing it on you and then they try to fix it and always without success.
My question to you snail is why are your refusing to respond to the request in your reviews I have been reporting for months that your game doesn't work on the galaxy 4 note and have gotten no response for your company, e mails have been sent as well. Very unprofessional on your part and it seems you don't give a dam about your negative reviews which you have a lot of them. Google has been informed of the way you handle your affairs all negative, LOL in the future if you have one
This game won't let me play anymore I've updated it and now it won't load I'm level 62 and now I've missed my valor points log in award etc etc can u fix asap
Hated it Now autoplay is SUCK's the hero will use all of the skill even attacking box and in the boss fight no mana left  getting worst every update
I cant play When the update was finished I was so excited but then everytime I try it just takes me back to the home sreen can you please fix this
WTF You guys should fix this because every time I am about to buy a top up reward to get wings it freezes but the music plays and you should make it easier to get wings.
Great game but... Ive been playing for a few months got my gunslinger too level 54ish or so havnt been on for a few weeks because i thought the new update would fix it but my game wont let me in as soon as i hit it, it does not go passed the first loading screen can someone help.
Its ok It would be better if you let us play more than just the first 3 chapters.
Broken pls fix I was playing until it kept saying network error please try again later so i waited another day and when i log back on to it , it still says the same thing its an awesome game and all but you need to fix it
