Won't let me play as guest When I first downloaded the app it stopped loading at 65 percent and asked me to log in. The only problem is, is that 8 don't remember ever having the game and glazing an account. When I press guest nothing happens and the log in thing pops back up. Please let me know how to fix this.
Collect all button sucks If you accidentally hit this, you will have no space to add recruits to train.  Once done, no way to undo
Good game at first Loved this game in the beginning, but hit a massive wall with district 2. I've spent way too much money trying to upgrade, but keep getting the same weak 3 star cards. Anyway, all my ultra and epic cards are maxed out and I haven't been able to get any new ones. More or less feels like the game is over. Uninstalling. Don't waste money on upgrade packs, limited play time.
What the heck I've played before and deleted the game. Wanted to play again and I even made a kabam id. When I use my new id and password to log into game it says my password is wrong. When I try to reset password it won't let me.
Bugs So monthly pack is a scam. And now there is no stadium events. It only has 5 levels not the 12 districts so has not much to offer
Devs are lazy mabe forgotten us Alright Devs Now ya done it Ive been playing close to a year, im a very loyal patron. I expressed my concern for my chat not working, months ago Not evin so much a response As i am a very patient player, i love the game and ive spent a decent bit of cash, ill keep playing for now. In the meantime i will not send you any more cash. Its up to you devs to keep your following and fix the issues..
Fix Issues Game will not let me log in, although email and password are entered correctly. Fix this and I will raise rating. Enlisting pins seem to be netting more level 3 recruits pretty much every time at this point than before the updates. Too much of an emphasis is now being made on making purchases throughout the game. Chat is too glitchy. Other than that for the most part, it is a really good game.
Login issue I love this game, but it's not letting me access it bc it's not accepting my login. Even though it works on the website  if it gets fixed I'll definitely 5 star but as I did spend money I feel a bit ripped off.
Don't bother I played this game for months when it first came out and I loved it. But it's a dead game now, abandoned by Kabam. Un installing after being a loyal player for almost a year. Don't waste your time. If I could give it zero stars, I would.
WON'T EVEN GIVE IT 1 STAR Couldn't get in to the game so I asked kabam for help and all I  got was there is a problem with your request please contact us again  I AM UNINSTALLING AND NOT REINSTALLING AGAIN
Wouldn't accept password It wouldn't accept my password. I re typed it over 10 times and I changed it to see if it would accept that and it still didn't... very disappointed... Wouldn't let me play as guest either.
Used to love it but... I used to love this game I played everyday it was just addictive but once you liberate district 2 there's nothing more, no more districts, no more events not even the stadiums are good now it feels somehow abandoned.. Hope they update soon..  Seriously I thought that with mockingjay part 2 coming out they'll update the game but I'm still waiting
Broken features Been playing for almost 4 months now and it's been pretty addictive and I liked the game, now I can't enlist troop with my enlisting pins anymore, I just get an error message then the game closes, WTF
Won't let me play It won't let me play as guest and even I created and verified a new account, it always says kid.invalidpassword even if I really entered the correct password many times, It still won't let me sign in
Getting bored.... The game needs another eventupdate as I'm honestly about ready to just stop playing all together. There hasn't been anything new in the last 23 months, and there's only districts 13, 8, and 11. I'd like to see the remaining districts. It's getting on my nerves.
7 weeks with nothing to do.. I would like to start by saying I have loved playing this game.. however.. lately there has been no communication between creators and players about anything new.. no new districts for months.. no event for weeks and the same old stadiums for the same old prizes.. we need something new or there is no point on continuing to play.
Open I play doa and already have a kabam account. I can log into doa but this game keeps saing invalid password. After reading reviews it seems yall have a bug that needs to be squished.  Please fix and ill change my rating
Well.... I really wish that you don't have to have a Kabam account just to log in because it won't let me. It keeps saying my email is 'Unverified' after it done said 'Verified'. Please fix
Not liking it The game wouldnt load enough for me to even make an account or let me sogn os a giest. Mind you this is first time playing the game
WHAT THE HELL WTF I CANT EVEN LOG IN TO MY ACCOUNT. I'VE MADE MY ACCOUNT AND THE THING JUST KEEP SAYING THAT MY PASSWORD IS INVALID. WHAT IS THIS I THOUGHT THIS GAME IS AN AMAIZING GAME. I HATE IT NOW. PLEASE FIX THIS
Can't play First time playing snd it tells me to login to a kabam account that i don't and intended to have so i play as guest and it won't let me and keeps telling me to login then my tablet shuts down and didn't start up for 2 hours
What the hell happened It was working fine at first but then he next time i went on the game it told me to either log in to kabam or play as a guest so i pressed on guest but it wouldn't work no matter how many times I tried. I had a kabam account so I typed in my email and password and each time I tried that it said it was wrong I then decided to reset my password and try again and guess what it still said it was wrong This is a good game no kidding. Just please fix this
Can't play the game at all. Loads to 65, click sign in as guest. Didn't work. Sign up and verified my account with kabam, tried to login to the game, didn't work.
Great concept with small issues Addictive game with horrible customer service and glitches, which is very unfortunate.  There is a lack of developing content,  much frustration amongst the players towards the company, and very poor communication from the kabaam staff. I discourage anyone from playing any kabaam games. You will just lose out on promised content, become disappointed, and get screwed over by the support staff.
