Dont download This game froze my daughters tablet and woudnt let me power it down I had to remove the battery
I love EAH but... What happened Every time I update the app, the Mirror Mirror and The Movie thing cannot let me watch or read the characters information And the background sectionwhat is it called again on the wonderland thing, the characters there is only Raven, yes I updated the app but now it has problems. Please fix it I love EAH
Seriously It won't even let me get in the app and completely froze, this app is a waste  of time and no one should get it .i have so many apps this by far is the worst
Oh my god,why you just don't fix it, every time when i want to play that game returning me to my background again and again and also sending me a message that says to come back.If you fix it i will give you five stars
Love game hate glitches Works ok but dressup game doesnot work and puzzle game goes black every now and then
EVER AFTER HIGH IT KEEPS KICKING ME OUT OF THE GAME THAT IS WHY I DON'T LIKE IT.
CookieswirlC I hate hate hate it. Every time I try to click on wonderland it says u cannot go just because to version should be 0.5  or higher Android version ..my Google nexus 5 is actually in that range only its 0.6 but as hard I try nothing happens...I actually want to give it 0 stars.  Even my friend ava has this prob.  I hope Mattel does something about it.
Fix it Ever since it updated it would keep restarting the start and I can't even play it if you fix it I will give 5 stars
Keeps quitting This game would be great if it didn't keep quitting all the time.
Won't work... Every time I try to open this app it goes to my home screen
ugh every time I try and go on it it always sends me to my home screen there has not been one time it has let me go on it
I can't get in the game When when I open the app it just doesn't work
fix this game won't let me play keeps sending me back to the title  fix the problem  you see the comments  fix it
Game doesn't work This game won't load on my Samsung galaxy S3 I press the app icon to launch the game and it crashes and goes back to my home screen. To bad my daughter really wants to play this game and can't. Will review again if it starts working on my device.
No good I don't like it because you can barely do anything and you can't even choose your own character in the game
Can't get in I hate the game and it always logs me out it's never letting me play the game I hate whoever made this game this stupid game
Awful I hate it. Every time I try to open of, the game just friezes and then it turns it self off. I deleted My Talking Angela for this. And I was like on level 50 I hate the game. And I would rate it better but I just don't like the way it's playing with me. gt
Do not down load It turn of and it also turned my screen black
Doesn't work Returns to main screen
DON'T DOWNLOAD This app would not let me and my  little sis in when we try opening it it would not show anything besides the title
Won't Load I have a LG G4 so it's one of the newest phones and up to date. This app just replays the Mattel and ever after logo over and over. That's pretty sad. Uninstalling.
Fix. It The first time I tried to install it the stupid thing said that I did not have enough space for it I only have one game        
It doesnt open. It acts likeb it going to for a second then it goes back to my home screen
I it won't even turn the heat on keeps loading forever and ever . For second and then I will go on and on and on and on and on I'll never ever hun I cant get on the game
It doesn't work
Fix it I hate it when it goes to the home screen in the middle of when I'm doing something
