Black out Dude its easy and all but I mean I answered five questions right and a sudden black out accured. Let me tell you something. This app is bad you would not be happy for what you've wasted your time on. Very disappointing. And I had to uninstall this game and install it again. Plus its crappy, And easy. And who ever thinks this game is pretty similar to what I think,  there obviously dissipointed also.
I would give five stars but... It won't accept my answer FLINESTONES so please fix it ..and my answer is correct
Foolishness You should have something to give you the answer in case you. Don't remember the cartoon and d charges for just. One. Letter is way to high Once your coins finish your stuck if you don't know the answer until the stupid video choose to take almost an hour to play again Am gonna uninstall this game is rubbish
Waste of a time Every two levels a dumb 2 minute ad pops up for no reason Like I said a waste of a time.
IncorrectShort I've only guessed about 10 cartoons. And I've already got'n really annoyed. Most of the answers that should have The at the start don't. And the rest are shortened, like something that is clearly The Powerpuff Girls is just powerpuff, another one is obviously Dexter's Laboratory but just classes as Dextor. Oh yeah, and there's no spaces between the words, which may make it hard to guess. P.S. A tip for those who may be annoyed with ads, just turn your wifi off.
Just got home from work so I have time to play the game but it is horrible and I don't like it. I hate it.
Fine but then not fine The game kept crashing and I have an LG phone and there are so many advisems its unbelievable if I were you don't get this game
Sucks I am taking four starts because I answered five questions and the screen went completely black
ADS The ads are super annoying Every ten mins an ad pops up I'm uninstalling this 
DONT DOWNLOAD It shows a video of an ad every three times and it doesn't use all the name of the cartoon or movie and it spells them incorrectly hateit
