Glitchy Game is great, I love it, WHEN it plays properly. Tower interface often won't come up, sometimes for two or more rounds, costing me the game. Game itself sometimes freezes and last but not least, it crashes completely during a game.    Galaxy tab 2.    Please fix
Craps out after a week Played the game for a week, enjoyed it until it started hanging on open and is completely unplayable. I have a two month old moto x, no trashy carrier apps, plenty of free space. Restarted the phone a bunch of times, no dice. Checked if battery level mattered, no dice. Uninstalled and reinstalled, no dice. About half way through the game. Maybe an update will fix it, in the meantime don't buy...
Doesn't work Wont even open. A similar thing happens with fieldrunners HD. Please fix this as fieldrunners is the only TD i really like. Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
Great when it works I love this game and had it on my iPhone and just made the switch to Android. At first I had trouble downloading it and would get an error message. After a few attempts it finally downloaded by now the problem is that it stays stuck on the loading screen most of the time. I have tried uninstalling and downloading it again but it still stays stuck on the loading screen. l think it has only worked two or three times.
Kinda regret buying it There is so many things locked that you have to buy with real money to use .. its like free to play game model
Third time ive had this and it resets everything.... starts all over bullshit...cant you guys give me all the towers back that i purchased
Fun game, if it worked I played this game on my pc via steam. It is really fun. However it will not work on my samsung galaxy tab 3. Please update and fix. I can not proceede past the tutorial, the game just freezes and I have to reboot my tablet. Its been 4 months still no fix, it finally works, now fieldrunners 1 does not
Paid, but no receive. You will need to make in app purchases for this game BUT you wont get it Dont make any in app purchases I made that mistake and am still waiting for my money back 2 months later. They come up with all types of excuses why its taking so long... is there a place that I can lodge a formal complaint It shouldnt take 3 months to get my money back for something I didnt receive.
Can't even open I lobed this game, but now it just closes once I hit play. Hopefully it is fixed soon.
One big crash fest Game wont even finish a round.  And if it does miraculously it freezes before the next one starts.  Get with the program SA
Fix Fieldrunners HD I payed for both of these apps and they are now unplayable. Screw it. Deleting both games....
Amazing game on longer works on newer handsets Does not work on Moto X Play. As per previous reviews also a problem on previous Moto X handsets. Please please...please fix.
Disappointing This game worked for me for a couple of weeks now just freezes on the loading screen  The original field runners doesn't work either total waste of money and I want a refund for both apps
The IAP Killed This Game I'd rather buy a game that have it all, than a game that I have to pay for everything in order to get better experience..
FIX THE LAG This game has so much lag that it makes me want to break the glass out of my phone and slit my throat with it. Field runners has to be my favorite tower defense game so please fix these problems. Also I have to tap my tower like 3 or 4 times before it actually selects it
