It was all good and such and i am really excited to watch the movies available here, but then i don't understand hindi language and so i need to pay that amount of expensive money JUST FOR ENGLISH SUBTITLES. it's not fair. And so i have to delete this apo just because of the need to pay that amount of money for subtitles.
Worst app Whenever I want to watch any of movie its asking me to download erosplus app and it will take Rs. 49 per month..for upgrading it...movies are not free to watch....
Poor build Never can stream videos smoothly, whenever get it stream it starts buffering perpetually, not everyone is going to have a 10mbps line. I have used SPUUL at the same time which is perfect without any glitches. So I know that is not my internet which is the problem but Eros now.
Great when it works but freezes and screen goes blank. Navigation tabspage links  dont work properly. Use to work perfectly when I wasn't a subscriber watching free contents  now having subscribed too many bugs seem to have poped up.
Not useful on mobile network So much data consumer apps also no options to download so its very costly cause for again watching same video again lost your costly data .. its useful only broadband connection,
Hated It I bought premium membership but even in full WiFi range the video doesn't load and neither does the audio and video go hand in hand.
Looping app App is playing video in loop, just worst to watch a movie in this app, looping reply from the app team. Yaar kabhi toh copy paste karna band karo
Not good Only watching movie not down loud pls add to download
V bad After getting the update almost movies became premium......in the pics it's shows krish 3 in not premium but now .....it shows krish ,koi miljaya ,krish 3 also it's showing premium
TV shows are 6 month old.. TV shows are 6 month old even with subscription..   when i sent email to support  they replied as mention below...... Due to some regional rights issue we play certain TV shows exhibited 6 months after they are aired on their respected TV channels
Showing trailor n availability of NH10 guys charged me 99 for a month n the moment i got excited to watch the movie n paid you online you guys show content not available for nh10 movie. Isnt this cheating  Also you have buffering problem. I tried wifi n 4g both but even your trailors are having commas n full stops. Guys beware..
Old youtube Watching videos on this app reminds me using YouTube in 2003 when it use to take lot of time for an video to buffer, though I use an 4g network or an 20mbps broadband the video hardly plays, it  stucks in every 3or 2 minutes and buffers..... Waste app in terms of watching video.
Please help me I wanted to watch some videos but every time I want to watch them it say you must upgrade to eros now I will have to give them money
disappointed every movie i want to watch on this app asks me to upgrade the app n buy the premium account... hence uninstalling
Worst app ever Says movies are for free but in order to watch them you have to pay. Have Google delete this app unless issue is resolved
Scope to improve Chromecast support would be a very helpful option, Should buffer videos and show the duration till what the video is buffered ,also show have the option to make videos offline for viewing it later continuing
Free movies now premium paid Hello Eros this app is working good. But after the last update the movies which were free now show premium paid solve this issue
Please maintenance Looping and bufering so please maintenance you'r apps cause i pay to watch a good movie '
Hopeless app You hardly find the movies you search for and if you do find it, they show you premium 99.9 or whatever.
NICE APP but movie's are not starting I am trying to watch movie but movie is not starting in my device PLEASE HELP ME I am waiting............. its urgent please
All movies suppose to be free Every movie i want to watch has a premium account label. If u charge for some movie then u should mention that in ur add. M uninstalling, HOTSTAR is far better than ur app atleast they dont ruin people expectation.. They show what they has..
Useless app This app is totally a waste of time forget a movis but often to buffer a 23min trailer it takes nearly an hour . I wish playstore had negative stars to offer it to this idiot app
Not accessible for blinds This app has not been made accessible with Google TalkBack screen reader due to which visually impaired users cannot select any movie at cetera
