Not working anymore Just want to report that the game is not starting anymore. . I reached senior commendar level but after that I couldn't play the game please advise
Disables Purchases For some reason I can not purchase anything in Flight Simulator a popup comes up just saying purchases disabled.
Are you kidding me I have to repeatedly recalibrate. This just sucks. I always have to recalibrate, it's so hard to control, and for crying out loud,  who is going TO LAND A AIRBUS A300 ON A AIRCRAFT CARRIER It's a suicide mission Would not recommend this to anyone.
Prompted for Root Access  Possible Virus Upon first launching the game it asked for root access. There should be no reason for a simple game to need root access. If it had been listed in the game's description why it was necessary I might be inclined to run the app, but as there is no such explanation, I will  be uninstalling this potential virus immediately.
Beware This game debited more than 120 from my Credit Card without my permission even if my account requires a password prior to any purchases on Play Store. All I did was verify different offered planes or munition thinking that the game was free but, immediately got out of that page, yet, pow. Sadly, I may have to report this to Google Inc. Deleted the game.
I want my money back I had a chance to buy  a plane with a 50 discount and I was missing some coins when I bought a pile of coins it took my money and never gave me any thing. Please return my money back
This game sucks and they lie alot.  I was promised updates by giving 5 stars and new jet in lottery.  Got nothing   You have pay 9.99 to do anything in this game.
Terrible graphics The game itself is decent except for the terrible graphics and extremely big prizes of every plane or upgrade... Unless you have rooted phone with faked inapppurchases this is gonna really bother you
Bestmore like the worst Yay im on proffesional level now,until this crappy piece of sht bonus round keeps popping up and when i win something,it always crashes,now i cant play,fix this or stay this rate on 1,i wish i could rated it 0
Does not work First time it worked. Now it opens but it never goes after the first pic of the plane with simulator.  There is no loading nothing. Hoping that you'll update and fix this I'm not uninstalling it.
