Why does it have to say amazing everytime.....that's amazingly annoying
Sucked You could get 1000 dollars for one mission
Crap Really... this game is boring from the start.. a 2 year old could play this crap..
Whattttttt I deleted all my games because I thought this game was gonna be fun but it isnt
No,  NO NO NO NO NO NO It sucks my brother doesn't even like It. It does not rewind go back. I think It needs to get fixed.
IS BORING HATE IT
Driving. Game This carp I hate this game my sister evens hate
Boring. To many adds to be this terrible
Sucks
Borring I completed it in less than an hour and you could drive through the cars.
HORRIBLE Cant even give it one star there should be an option of 0 stars for this game as its so bad and freezes your device. There are loads of adds that are impossible to ex out of and you always end up crashing the car and seriously you can do nothing just drive around with you car that then freezes your phone and at the end of the level when you park your can and click next level the same level comes up.
RUBBISH I wouldn't even wait for it to download. It's awful, it's so glitchy and slow. It comes up with adverts all the time, to be honest I enjoy the adverts more than the game  Don't waste your time. Download something decent.
Hate it Cant even reverse and it took ages to download I do not reccomend this game to anyone I would give it a 0 but I cant
This is the worst This is the worst because when I go to next it goes to the same level and it takes ages to download and there are so many adds don't was the your time on this go find a decent game
I hate it Don't waste you're time it is horrible
0 truthfully.  Backs me out every time I get to a new level.
Finish one round exits outs of game get that fixed with the adds that pop up at the most random times so I accidentally click on them need to go annoying as hell
AWFUL it has awful steering you can,t go back to forwards until the car is completely still.the only bit that is good is trieing to find the parking space. it only has 25 levels and I finished them in about 5 minutes. there couldnt be a more worse game in the world.dont download this because you are waisting your time
So stupid This game so boring it shouldn't even be considered a game also your doing the same thing over and over again so who ever is about to install this dumb game dont do it uninstalling it
Don't like it It stops after every level and it is so easy
Booooooo It don't deserve a star every time u finish a level it go right to ur home screen
