Doesn't work with the scanner Im trying to scan my hot wheels Rev Rod car and it says Oops your scan failed try again i tried it again and again and doesn't work. Please help ASAP gt
Freezing It keeps freezing on register and login page and it can't find login info for me or my wife. WTH r u people doing Sitting down and making money for nothing
Mattel sucks at mobile games Not only does the game crash but its designed horribly the scanner doesn't work and trust my camera I have a better scanner installed then what ever that garbage is anyways your suffering if you install it....... Sucks
Lag and turning When im racing I can't even turn and it lags so much
Crashed After starting this game it takes too much time in loading....and after 1 hour when one loading Is over another 1 hour loading gets starts.....so this was a very bad experience for me....as such I am a very big fan of hot wheels...but this thing disappoint me a lot....
Doesn't work Won't go past the loading screen. Tied x10. Only have it 2 stars instead of 1 because Hot Wheels rules
dissapointing downloaded this game for a kid to play and its actually terrible. hardly functional and loaded head to toe in ads. I remember when hotwheels actually used to make stuff that was fun ps2 games
Crap Can't locate my account or my sons.  Made a new account.  Now almost every code entered or scanned doesn't work.  Ones that had previously been entered no longer work or disappear later.  When I try to enter them again, I get the stupid oops wrong code message.  No longer able to just search for cars owned and enter them.  Wants a code.  Well if the freaking code worked I wouldn't be trying to enter it that way
Agree with other reviewers, the game seems to freeze at the loading screen, so have had no chance to play the game. On the other hand, it was simple to scan the QR codes, although not so obvious that the additional text code on the back had to be entered  why have a QR on the front and back of the packaging which gets thrown away and the codes lost Would like to see this game load and run
Doesn't let me log in. App doesn't work. I had successfully made an account on the website, but the app will not let me log in.
I had over 80 cars I had over 80 cars logged for my son now it won't let me login saying no match when I put in my name and password. My son loves this game and is freaking out because his RACECARS are gone.
Doesn't start I wish I could play, I already have 3 cars to  scan but when I open the game, it does the little video and then it stays on loading , again I wish I could play I've seen abunch of feedback of the same thing, please fix and I'll give 5 I hate to put 1.I love the idea of this game can't wait to play FIX PLEeeeeeeee3eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeE Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease
Scans don't work The QR scanner can't read any of the codes on the packages and no information is provided on where to locate the correct code to enter manually. It's impossible to add cars from your own collection thus making this app pointless. Stop failing and fix it or take the app off the market and stop wasting everyone's time.
Can't rate it higher for now... Won't go anywhere past the loading screen. I have 3 cars to scan for my son to play this but it won't even load. Please fix this. I would love to change this rating.
I am a hot weels fan but The game doesn't work plz fix.
Bad I had this game on my computer i  got so many cars and i was logging in but i forgot my password so i checked on my computer but my password aand username wasnt there.
Would love to My kid would love to this game,but it gave me no match forever when loginI already create an account on website. Fix this..more stars. Thx
Keeps crashing when trying to scan bar code Please fix it, will get 5 stars then
Great game but lost login info We love the game but somehow got logged out and now nothing will log us back in 
Since update i can no longer sign in my son has lost all his cars and plus we could never add a car without the qr code he just had more cars total of 48  and tracks for his birthday and he cant add none sort it plz
Epic fail It won't open just goes to loading page and then exits back to my home screen my son is super disappointed
Will not work keeps freezing Will not Allow me to scan or type codes in then freezes my phone
Won't Log In  Won't log into my account on my phone. On my PC... No problem. If you're just looking to lock your cars in to a collection I would recommend starting an account on the Mattel website, then Hot Wheels account via Mattel account.
