I cant play on my phone or tablet every time its saying try agian and its not my internet or wifi.  I cant claim my price there was only two days over and i cant complete the puzzle so i loos my special dragon.  Im not happy
Fix update After the update, I do not progress in the game. Every time  I open it, the same exact things have to be gathered. I had my workers clean up 2 rocks, and the same rocks are there when I just gathered them. Please fix.
24 hours of being unable to play I don't know what changed, but it's been 24 hours where I cannot craft anything, everything I collectselldo just repeats when I start it up. I've now levelled to 53 seven times. Please fix
Fantastic game but after the last update, my game stays the same. I cant get the free loyalty monster. It goes back to what i had before i loaded it the last time. Fix and will give 5 stars.BEWARE DO NOT UPDATE THIS GAME. still after 7 days game not saving and still no fix or explanation from the makers of it.
Woulmd rate 5 if... Its too glitchy,every time i log on guess what, crashes.it does not even save.I used to love it but now im hating the game.
Didn't get gold,foods,breeding,eggs,daily piece, Social point sucks again. 6months that i uninstalled it this is the problem. then it is alwayd the problem. please fix the a.s.a.p You only values cash players and not the f2p. Thats sad. compare to other games that values hardworking player and both of f2p and cp are equal. If there is reward for why is this happening then good. but always had nothing after we had problems so very bad.
Every time I open the app lately, it seems everything reverts rubberbands back to a previous state and thus causes me to miss out on some stuff and creates a loss in resources. If this doesn't get fixed... well, just not a good thing at all.
Getting irritated Game won't progress, every time I get on, same things need to be harvested that needed to be 3 days ago
I figured out how to fix update but I shouldn't have had to do it I like the game but after the last update I couldn't progress at all. Someone told me how to fix it tho. U force it to stop and clear the cache in app settings. Also I left a question in the support center thing almost 4 months ago and still haven't heard anything back from them yet. These people don't maintain their game very well.
 I used to play this game alot until it started losing the progress I made. when I opened it I and finish my breed and start breeding again the new breeding doesnt show the time and when I exit the game and open it my progress I made its gone. Can you please fix this problem.  Sony xperia z tablet
Fix. Since the recent update, I havent been able to progress through the game. Fix it please. Its quite disappointing.
Everyone say this but No way Fix updaaaaaaate every time I open it  the same exact things  have to be gathered  wher r u guys we can't play the game after we make last update
Beyond sick of this Uninstalling The PvsP is not working and the wheel won't load for dungeon Been going on since Friday 13th Really hard to work on the island when NOTHING is working Really do love the game Please fix this  Lost out on alot because of this NOT HAPPY
Come on now... Great game but EVERYWHERE WAR ATTACK I USE i Lost connection like come on, my connection is perfect and here you are making my lose all my war attacks because your servers. This needs to be fixed IMMEDIATLY
I played for one week and purchased many gem packs. The game slows and crashes for most people. New update bugged my game and support is non existant. They just ignore you all the time. Congradulations, this is first game that Google are now investigating for me. If you want to play this, expect the devs to take your money then delete your account. This is the most disgraceful response to support I have seen in any gaming community. I am furious
