LOST SIGNAL WHILE PLAYING I had a great hand worth over 155K and it booted me out, not cool at all. I just installed this app again on my new phone because I already have an account and this happens Please do something and I want my money Thanks.
CAN'T SEE THE FLOP   OR MY HAND Many many times when I call I can't see my hand and then other times the third card on the flop I can't see it either. Then other times, I have won the hand and it gave the winnings to somebody else example I did a screenshot of me with QK, the flop was KK4, the turn was 7  the river was a K.  four kings and I lost to J10 offsuit. how in the hell is that possible
When all in the game calls a winner before the flop. The one with the most chips on hand, gets the win. Rig....
Cuts out in middle of hands constantly and I play on bigger tables 300million. I'll be waiting to click check or fold and it'll just start loading then next thing I know I'm booted. It's very irritating
Same chit as the rest...no pay no play.....it's rigged    there's no law that says they can't rig the play to get you to buy chips....have fun paying Sucks
Live Holden pro Kicks you off line if you are wining. Play all night if losing.
Bad update Updated this on my tablet now it doesn't work anymore
worst game just started 1st game and within 10 rounds my trip 7's were beat by trip 2's. another similar hand was lost when I should have won. this will be removed as soon as I'm done with this rating,
Wish I could rate 0 stars Freezes, card algorithm is awful..Throw any real poker odds or percentages out the window. Entertainment poker. Straight flushes,4 of a kind regularly. Turned notifications off still spammed every 3 minutes. Garbage. Seriously awful. Spend money and you'll win. Simple as that...Wish nothing good on Dragon play. You're horrendous people..
Rip off Once you buy chips it's over. I lost to 4 of a kinds in back to back days. I could literally sit there and only win 1 hand out of 30. Who wants to play that, the games is supposed to be fun but it's not because it rewards bingo players.
Bad hands win I had trip Queens and lost to trip fives. No, it was not a full house. I know the difference. This game is rigged or just had inept programmers. And I am just guessing, but I think most of the 5star votes here are bots. Just my opinion. When sending gifts, the real name of the person you are sending to is displayed. Big privacy issue.
Not great anymore.there is always one card that you can't see it makes it hard to know if you have a winning hand or not please fix
NOT HAPPY Please add smaller tables like 510  1020 or 50100 do you want us to lose all our chips so we buy some your lowest tables are 300600 all other poker sites have smaller tables.  PLEASE TAKE NOTICE. ADD SMALLER TABLES PLEASE.....
Company players This is the biggest ripoff game out there. The game players build you up to make you spend real money. What a joke. Total ripoff.
Rigged This game is so rigged.  It conveniently disconnects me from the server when I have a sure winning hand. The first few times I thought it was a fluke but every time it happens I just happen to have a big hand. When I reconnect, I've lossed the hand. WTF
Worst poker app ever. Don't give them your money. Buggy on reading hands. I got beat out when I had a pair vs 2 people who didn't have any. 2 Aces, 1 4, and 2 Queens. Both of my competitor's had none of these cards while I had a 4. They won and I didn't. Explain or fix.
Sucks Came back to this game again, I just played a hand and won 2 million dollars. When I left the table and went to the lobby the 2 million was not credited to my account. This game still sucks. Uninstall and spend your money on a game that works.
