So wrong I purchased this game an it did not install on my phone no good but it took my money please help with refund are installing game thank you
Shutting down Paid for this app and it keeps force closing on me....   common guys fix it...  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL ITS FIXED OTHERWISE YOUR JUST WASTING YOUR MONEY   If this issue ever gets fixed I will change my negative feedback
I bought n downloaded this to my tablet and it will not open, keeps saying Unfortunately price is right has stopped working. You either hit OK or report I've reported several times in the last 24 hrs still doing it so I'm uninstall. But would like my money back. ..
Doesn't work Force closes all the time. The fact that I paid for this and its doing this upsets me even more. Please fix
Don't waste money I paid for the app and won't download and once it was able to, it force closes as it tries to open. I request my money back
Developers fix please I love this app but as the other reviews state, it force closes and loses your spot on the game.  It is a shame really because I like this app otherwise.  If it doesn't get fixed soon I will be forced to ask for a refund. I just tried emailing the company in regards to this problem and it was not able to be sent.  My new opinion is that this is a SCAM
App is messed up It keeps kicking me off and its making me mad I was so happy to get to play my favorite game in the world but it keeps kicking me grrrrrr fix it please now Im starting to not like it because of this. If u agree thumbs up if not thumbs down either way it don't matter to me thanks
Keeps crashing I would give the price is right game a great rating but it keeps crashing I paid for this app and every time I play for more then 5 minutes its crashing very upset want my money back please 
Working Game will not open...force closes on me when I even try to play it...unexpected error has occurred... Wth... I want to play this game or my money back
Won't play. Tried on 3 different devices. Not working on any. I'm running Android 5.1 on ZTE Warp elite. Please please fix. 1 star until then.
Do not purchase this Bought it and it won't even let me open it.. just keeps giving me an error message. I uninstalled it then reinstalled it but it still has the same issue...please fix it
Get to the second tape and there's some weird bug right away, stays on the contestants row screen with the audience clapping, and there's s timer half way done in front of my character, so I can't move on.
Update caused force closures So after I made an update to the phone, the app just decides it will stop each time I load it. I cleared all apps and even dumped over 800 photos which should have cleared a ton of space off if that was even the case. Not sure what the problem is now.
Great game when it don't shut down 1 out of 10 games can be played ..,it is constantly shutting down please fix and I'll change my star rating ......but please fix so I can play a game that I did pay for next I'll ask for a refund
Save your money This game isnt worth the time it takes to click install, let alone .99 cents Played five games on it, and all five times it crashed I am reading plenty of other reviews with the same problem. You would think with all the money they make off of these apps they would honor there being a problem and fix it. Nope they have your money, and thats it. Sorry Ludia... not getting any more of my money, and to anyone who reads this save yours and dont waste your time
WARNINDSCAM WONT GIVE MONEY BACK This app is a joke. I paid for it but it will not play....AT ALLTried to get my money back but they wont answer me. DO NOT BUY.... Its obvious that they are a joke and just want your money. Id give this a negative 100 stars if I could. Please refund my money or Im fixing to take this up to the next hand
Terrible The graphics a awful and it doesnt even give u refunds dont download waste of money take my advise i ignored these coments 2 don't do it
I would have loved to play this game I downloaded this game and it would not work. I removed the app and redownloaded it. I was charged again and the app still does NOT work. I would not have minded paying twice if the game worked. PLEASE FIX THIS APP
Are you kidding me I PAID  just to have this game take up tons of space on my phone. It does nothing but CRASH every five or so minutes  I can't believe that I didn't pay attention to user ratings PRIOR to buying this game.
Terrible Game Item prices, even througout years, are nowhere near reality prices. A 1,000 motorcycle, 3 can fruit cocktail... Long wait scenes and no way to exit game in menus.
I paid for this app. Price is right I can't even get it to open. It just keeps force stopping. Come on guys fix this. I know I'll love this game,watch it on tv every day. But I can't even get into it cause it force stops EVERY TIME. I've not even got to play once. This is bogus. I'm connected to WiFi. All my other WiFi apps etc connect just fine. Please fix it or refund my money. I feel like it's a scam or something. COME ON. FIX THIS PLEASE   THANK YOU
Freezes It freezes and closes every time I win the game right before the show case showdown. I want a refund. I used to have this game on my old phone and it didn't do this. You must fix this or this game should be taken off the play store. I see other people have said the same thing yet you fail to fix it What a scam your running Tried to get a refund but this crappy company has closed their email account
Shutting down I paid money to play this game and I expect to be able to play it. Not just keep it on my tablet waiting for it to work. Fix it or I will get my money refunded back to me
Junk Prices are so far off Not that it matters cause the game keeps crashing Refund time
Wont load. I bought it said it downloaded but every time i try to open it it just flashes and goes back to my the screen i was on.. I love this game ive bought it in every phone ive had.. I really want to play it love this game. Plz fix immediately
I love the tv show... But this game keeps crashing every time I win the bidders row. What a crappy app. The worst part is paying for an app like this. For it being such a popular game show you'd think the maker of the app would maybe have better graphics and wouldn't crash every time I try to play. Wouldn't recommend.
