When phone is upgraded one must start at the beginning. My old phone I reached level 465. Nothing carried over. So, 2 stars. I dislike that fact.
But Game stopped at 1265 won't download more levels and game locked out.  Only thing left is to uninstall game.
Way to many ads The game is great, except an advertisement after solving every 3 words is overkill. I can solve 3 words in 15 to 20 seconds, then each time I get a 15 to 30 second advertisement. I spend more time waiting for a skip button to popup on an advertisement than actually playing the game. Would be 10 stars instead of 1 if the game wasn't the worst ad infested game I have ever came across.
I used to really like this app, but it has way too many advertisements to even enjoy playing, if this problem doesn't change soon, I will be deleting it, I understand that ads will pop up, but it's ridiculous for every 3 questions an ad pops up if it weren't for the ads I would give it a 6
Excessive advertising destroys the experience Installed and played the game. Went through 8 words, 2 full page commercials and annoying adverts at the bottom of screen. Exited the app. Saw that it also created another games folder. Uninstalled immediately.
Videos I cannot stand an app that uses videos as ad placement. I understand you developers want money for the app and I even understand that we can upgrade but even as much as I love to play this game the video ads are too much. I know for a fact there are better ways to go about getting advertising money. Figure it out and I might reinstall.
Ridiculous and broke and ads Way too simplistic, screen turns black and nothing happens unless you close it, if you don't have that there is ads. No apparent effort on this one
Great game. WAY too many ads. Ads that play loud music  can't be clicked out of for 5 seconds so I can't listen to music while playing  I have to mute my phone if playing around others or at night. Very disruptive. Also crashes regularly. I usually have to try and open it 2 or 3 times and task kill everything else before it'll work. Final straw It has now completely frozen on me as well and won't work at all. Nothing will fix it,  unless I want to reinstall and lose my progress it's now useless
