Not very thought out Okay Grammer, a lot don't make sense, and I've gotten to 34 and it's wrong.  It's the one about a couple has 2 kids, one is a girl, what chance that the other is a girl  Plz fix it.
A baton is not an instrument dumbass. Even if it was, it would be percussion as a percussion instrument is one that is struck. It can be used to hit a stand to help keep time.
... Okay, there were actually some okay questions in here, but come on If you are making an app about intellectual capabilities, use your brain and fix your spelling and grammar.
Ok.   It's not so interesting. It is like quiz that not like game . some thing new should be added
Just confusing. I'm confuse because the answer is always correct. Every time I answer correct it is right while if wrong it is not right. So all the answers in this logic is correct
Silly and not correct I realize this is just a silly game, but don't give users incorrect information with a flawed explanation.  Saying the gender of the first kid can affect the probability of the second kid's gender is like saying the roll of one die can affect a second.  Next time you have two dice, roll the first and then roll the second a bunch of times to see how many times you match it.  16 or 136  Obviously it is 16.  Sheesh.
Boring Besides being horribly written, this game is incredibly boring. A question is posed, then by clicking  to see the solution, you are given an answer which you then determine to be correct or incorrect. No feedback is given, and you must back out of the questions to see on the grid whether you're correct or not. Then you may click on your wrong answers and change them. Useless and unchallenging.
Awful use of the English language The level of language used in this app is horrifically treacherous If you're gonna make an application, for actual people who have an I.Q above 2, at least get someone to proof read your texts I think that's just idiotic and disrespectful to English speakers everywhere
Ok The riddles are very interesting, but all the answers are correct. So there is a riddle and they show you an answer and you have to decide if the answer is right or not. The answer is always right.
Not well thought out. Probability of having a girl or boy is not based on previous children. There is a 12 chance that the egg will be fertilized with a sperm that either carries or does not carry the y chromosome. Therefore every fetus has a 12 chance of being a girl or boy.
It wont let me open it Tf this game might be very amazing but idk why tf wont it let me open the game
If I could give it 0 stars I would This app is awful. You don't have to think at all except in the math section and several of the answers in the other section say they are correct but are clearly not. What kind of logic is a person supposed to follow in order to come up with these ridiculous answers. I am uninstalling this app. I hate it.
It is the worst game i have ever seen Not so much interesting question and only 90 questions are there
Poorly worded questions Many questions have ambiguous meaning or multiple answers which would be correct. It's worth playing for free but don't buy.
Good collection of que. but have bad english and some que wrong
Not very challenging Shouldnt show answers
