Doesn't make sense I have now lost two hands in excess of 500,00 due to some kind of glitch. The first hand I hand a full house vs two pair and somehow lost, the other I had a straight and lost to a pair of kings. Please tell me how this happened
Don't log in with Facebook Now every time I get chips or enter a tournament or win a tournament the app keeps sending me to Facebook to post There is no  no I never want to post to Facebook button  One other thing is that I was doing very well in the tournaments until I spent 4.99 on some more chips to get into a bigger tournament. ....now I can't even get a decent hand and I keep getting push notifications to buy more chip packages so I can play like a high roller. About to delete this app
Good thing this is fake money Lost over 500k due to glitch full houses to lower paired full house. Looks like the low reviews aren't good enough for a response If this game wasn't predetermined. How is it a full house loses to straights 2 pair and 3 of a kind 116 lost all my chips tonight with flushes to all hands with 3 of a kind or less. Deleting this app. No way it isn't staged
What a joke This game's percentages are completely wrong.. it's a joke of a game.. plus if you want a ton of push notifications.. a couple dozen a day telling you to play.. then download this game.. if you want a REAL poker game.. look elswhere.. and to makd you understand  how bad this game is.. I have never put a review of any game ever.. but this game makes me want to kick babies..
I love the game and would give it 5 stars if the apps ads didn't interfere with the game. I don't know how many time an ad has cost me a really good hand or a lot of chips because am add comes up while it comes to my turn and makes me fold or I have an interruption in service.
Game sucks and it's rigged Ever since I sent a complaint in I lose all the time, when I was winning all the time before, I keep getting messages on my phone commenting on how I play so I'm positive its rigged, if someone can comment on how I play then someone is in control of the hands. Same people at the table win over and over and I get kicked out of the game all the time  communication error. I had deleted this game last year and came back hoping it had changed. NOT
Worst poker game I've ever played Horrible game overall, push notifications constantly and seems only way to do well is to spend lots of real money. This game is an empty shell of what it's actually like to play poker. P.s. Who ever did the algorithms for your hands basically always made sure the winning card is on the river. I'm sure this was to add to the excitement but it's pretty obvious.
I hate being cheated out of a winning hand by a fing computer. I is amazing how there is always a problem with the internet connection when you are winning a high stakes hand.
Wsop Seems this game is biased to those that play using credit cards, not those of us that can't afford that and have to actually earn their chips the old fashioned way. Why is that If you play for fun and earn your chips the old fashioned way it's harder to win.
Really Why have the play engine set hands up Game of poker naturally plays out better on its own. Don't tell me the cards organically flop a pair 7 hands in a row. Or heads up I have aces he has kings and the flop is ace king king. Puhlease.
Rigged Garbage The game play is fine. The dealing is so clearly made to lead you to bet only to get blown out on the river.  it's ridiculous. And it's not a place to learn how to play. It's free so there's a ton of dummies that continously go all in all the time.
Smh I really like this game but it seems to me that a low rank player got more chances to win a game I don't understand that and it happened to many times and I've been playing this game for a while and it's way too many glitches.
I want my chips back.  You promote games, then when we leave are chips don't come back to our account.   No more special games for me  What a rip off.
