Flawed Great concept, but executed poorly. The main problem is that the game makes it too easy for people to raid you  they die 7 times and they still get a chance at stealing your gems This is especially annoying when you spend 20 mins building and completing the base twice to make it hard for people to raid you, but the game just decides to make the base easier by eliminating 13 of the defenses after a few failed attempts. Uninstalled.
High hopes I had high hopes for this game, setting up your base and having to beat it twice is dumb. Why do I have to beat my own base The concept is ok but the execution is poor and needs work.
Don't waste your time downloading this crap. People found so many ways to glitch and cheat that it's just ridiculous. So they took away the ability to report unbeatable dungeons, great. So now I just report every dungeon I attack for inappropriate nickname. They also rig the so call random spin for the gem after you beat the dingeon. It can be like 75 in your favor and 9 times put of 10 it will land out of your favor. Uninstalling this junk
Screwed over I really liked this game i was getting into it but now lately the game has been closing out on me frequent and only when i do ads for more keys so I don't receive them and when i beat someones dungeon and about to spin for the gem so I lose my chance at the gem because it closes out right when it spins and lose my keys that i used. Fix it or i will quit on the game if i'm going to keep being cheated out of my winnings
Why still hackers in this game I just found a base with impossible to pass it...the gold heshe had is 70k....that means no one had steal hisher gold....his name is JORGINHO 123 BR...i already watch the resolution but it like immpossible to do it...it maybe a glitch or secret way in the game but it hard to do...can the game owner make an undate that no more glitch in this gameit unfair lol...
Disappointed I used to love this game,  especially in the beginning. It was exciting and really fun,  but then the longer you play,  the more you see how you can't progress that well without paying for stuff.  In game costs are ridiculous. Never been against companies making money off their games it's a living i get it,  but somehow this feels too forced and makes it that much more frustrating. Quite disappointed...
Good game but broken jump Can't rate it good while this jump mechanism is so crappy, which by the way is one of the most important things that need to work in this kind of game, you'll only notice it once you're in the really hard dungeons, you have to jump some ledges in the extreme edge and no, most of the time your character won't even perform the jump, even though you know for sure that you tapped it before he started falling, so that's it, broken jump  broken game.
I wonder why does the game throw me out without any reason. Can't attack continously anytime.  I loose due to this bug. Please fix it.
Fun at first gets borin We'll its fun n then it gets really boring after a while u can get it but I were u I'd save storage
Just another f2p victim. Interesting idea, autorunner platformer and competitive level creation. Most IAP snot is ignorable with skill besides the keys system. After maybe thirty seconds of actual gameplay, you are out of sparkle dust and must ad or pay to get more. It's a shame. Maybe next game, guys. Maybe.
