I have installed the game and it doesn't open It just says that its downloading things and then suddenly it says that it doesn't have and Internet connection while my phone shows i have 3 bars of Internet, whats wrong Fix it
So slow. Not worth it Great idea. I would like toget a refund please. Its not worth my money. Not unless it becomes more respinsive
FIX NOW Ok so its downloading and then it just says connection timed out especially on my tablet so fix it now because really want to play on my moms phone and I thought it might work but I guess it really doesn't so like can you fix that cause if that a glitch please fix it because I really want to play on  my tablet because my moms phone NEEDS TO CHARGE K so like FIX
A part from slow loading screen, i dont know if it is my phone or the app the accuracy of motions is not great. i keep getting x or good even if im trying hard to be precise with the dance. Is it an app bug great song catalogue though.
Just Dance Now I have installed this game and I've been waiting for it to connect for an hourI don't think it should take that long. You can only have as many players as you want because it dosen't know if you do the move right or not so it just guesses and it can't sense you so it dosen't matterDont waist your time installing this appIf you do get on to see what songs there are you have to pay for most of them
Laggy and expensive Why does every song have to cost money Why cant I unlock them like in the real game Also, I was unable to even play the game due to lag. I couldnt see what was even happening on the screen because of the lag. Fix this and I might make it 2 stars 
I love it My son loves it and it saved me from having to buy an Xbox. It lags sometimes but I think it has nothing to do with the game it might just be my Internet connection. Easy to use, I didn't have any issues setting it up.   Update 11222015. Website does not load sound. My computer loads all other pages fine except the Just Dance Now.
Worst app This is the worst app I hav ever seen in my life it took so much time to install and then was not working i am sorry ubisoft but  literary hated this app
I am losing faith in the app The failure of accessing the app drives me crazy even it kept constantly showing a message said out of sync the library and asking me to refresh the browser, which I have no idea how to fix it yet. Maybe buying the  console version would be much easier than solving this bug.
Song never loads Does not work.  Internet connected tv won't even load a room number and pc loads the room number but never loads the song.  Just a way to get saps to watch their stupid ads.  Don't download this one.
Stealing people's money is not good business practice. I guess that's way you only have 300 people in rooms now. Way to go take away everyone's vip passes when you ad a new game and make them pay for a different one even though they're  still paying for the service.
Lagging and money 1. When I play it, the dancers are laggy. They get behind and then it skips to catch up. Any way to fix this Also, money. Do we need to spend money to get more than 5 free songs or does leveling up reward us with the coins to be able to buy more songs Fix the lagging and I'll add more stars. Thanks 
Slow Its really slow, and I can't enter my Dance Room at all. If I enter, I can't play. My screen does not show anything. It goes blank.  Please fix this
Buggy I have a new Note 5 and this app becomes unresponsive. The menus stop working and had to force close it to kill it. The screen was stopping and starting and I have outstanding wifi to that chromecast device.
App doesn't start.. never ending loading App doesn't start.. it.says connecting when i launch the app and it loads forever.. pls fix so i can give 5 stars. I'm from Philippines
I can't pause the song in the PREVIEW.. I can't control or watch the bit from the middle... There's no pause option while watching the PREVIEW.. Otherwise would have given 5 stars
this app just the perfect mood breaker everyone having fun playing then accidently press a button on the phone and leaves the room,  this app was not designed and tested properly,  how do you expect us to dance with our phones and not give account for when accidentally pushing  lock,  home or what ever,  not only you throw out of the dance room you also force to re enter like its the first use.,  note i am a paying user and until this is resolved,  i will not continue my vip subscription
Can't join room even when entering the right number I'm entering the right room number, still getting an error message that it does not exist. Dafuq So damn irritated
Not working  I played with it 1 time and i love it so much but now it not working i open the website and have a room number and conect with the mobile and chosse a song but iy dont apper in the lap screen  please solve this prop 
sensor gone wrong my phone redmi 2, have gyro and accelometer sensor but everytime i move always wrong detected by the app, compared to my friend galaxy grand 2 that only have accelometrer sensor, please fix it
I waited for hours Do I need to get VIP for this Coz everything's fine except for loading the songs.
Horrible I can't login due to some internet connection when my wifi is perfectly fine
