Can't recieve rewards I love this game and would give a 5 star but... My daily challenge rewards have been ready for days yet keeps telling me it's unable to recieve them. Please fix and I more than gladly rerate. Thank you
I love this game....bt the reason for giving 2    star is because things are very costly nd don't get acrons....so it hasn't been interesting anymore
Boring Beautiful game, but I began to feel bored of them, I changed my phone five times, and the game is still not over, I'm going to delete them.
Love the game but, Love the game but I keep getting prompted to leave a rating which I have done. Maybe i need to take a star away each time i am prompted to leave a rating. This happens almost daily. There are 3 quests involving the tapir and the humming bird which are frozen and will not let me complete even though all of the requirements have been met. Very frustrating. The daily rewards won't let me claim them at least one a week this happens.
Bored Did like the game. But I've completed the levels. Used to be able to get acorns from mini games but no longer. The only animals I need cost 700 acorns to build the bridge. Since the update the game lags so badly that I won't do the daily challenges. Can only receive 5 gifts from friends and they're always shells which I've maxed and can't receive anymore. Snow piles no longer showing up.
It costs too many berries to remove obstacles,too many shells to build habitat for animals and also too much time to build the habitat. In the mini games we never get acorns,always get decoration,berries or shell
Disappointed We use to loved this game but now it stucks to Halloween event, and acorns are expensive though ...I hope you will lessen it
Things are getting more expensive an progress is too slow. The popups are getting more. Things just dissappear. ..can't play the small games to get acorns.
Can't keep scores can't keep daily awards up to date who ever invented this game have same issues on computer haven't had a turtle in almost a month daily rewards doesn't work so go figure why people won't give u a 5 star waiting
Stop sending me compulsory updating alert This app is just so vexing. They disconnect the game every three weeks and demand that I update. The updating keeps wasting my data n refuse to be completely downloaded. Pls stop sending me a compulsory update else I will uninstall the game n have my peace. This is total extortion of money.
