My last saved game was gone Can't load my previous game with some ingame purchasewhen imma try to load my previous saved game,it says that restoring profile complete but nothing happened. Just reload the 1st game with the blue porsche. Fix this 1 please
Cloud save error I cannot download my cloud save, losing out on my previous progress as well as inapp purchases
Game doest work on my device. Even though I have about 300 mb free ram....it just closes when a race starts...optimize it for my device.. P.S 300mb of ram  is achieved by lots of labour workRoot And my device is  Samsung Galaxy Star Pro Or GtS7262' Last...a big  to all those liars who said in reviews that this game works on this device..Dont write false reviews..it misleads peopleincluding me
2 Stars Dont know why people are rating 5 stars ...seriously ...ea named this game real racing ...but no real experiance ..you should add realistic crash of cars, Tyres changing in race....etc then this game should definitely deserve 5 stars...otherwise if we compare with asphalt 8 or any other racing game..then this game will win..bcz of good gameplay and graphics...
Freezes when loading a race. Never used to freeze, can't play at all now. Can only use the menus.....
Corvette Stingray ....theres a short drag race that ja can't finish without upgrading a car  another cars are just faster. Ofcourse, you have to spend gold. And that short drag race happens to be twice on a challenge.
Pay 2 Play I used to play this game a long time ago when the pay 2 play model wasn't being rammed down my throat. I tried coming back to this to see if it was just a knee jerk reaction but it's not, this game really tries to force you to spend money, which just turns me off playing it altogether, if you want my money give a one time buy option say 10 that removes all the stupid fake delays that need gold to get past, it's just not fun playing for 1020 mins then being locked out for 12 hours
Unable to download the game Download doesn't go beyond 1.6 although it still consumes data.
IPhone better I brought this on my iphone4 at first. Thought i would start it again on my s5. Going really well just like the iPhone and then today logged on to play and my entire game progress as been deleted and which means the 3.99 i paid to buy credits and coins has also gone too. I want a refund right now. Not only that but game play freezes during races. SORT YOUR BLOODY APP OUT TAKING PEOPLES MONEY THEN NOT GIVEN THE PRODUCT IS CLASSED AS THEFT
Cannot download I can download the app but after opening it the data download starts but does not download more than 4 mb...takes hours for the 4 mb itself I really like this game but I've tried so many times to download it..please let us download the whole game from play store itself or fix the issue asap Mine is a YU yuphoria running CyanogenMod 12
Since last 15 days I am not able to play because of the last update game not launching its stuck on loading the game.please do something I need this game to be working condition
Stingray evolution... Spent dontknowhowmany gold coins and r to get to stage 5 of 6 on day 7. Got stuck in the stupid reverse mazda raceway unassisted... Race ended.  Wont spend another stupid 300 coins to buy the z51.
It has been almost ten times and it still doesn't work Every time when I want to start playing it will exit and go to home screen pls fix I'll rate 5 stars
Problem of buying gold When I purchased the handful of gold, my phone glitched, and crashed. Then, the gold disappeared but still paid. Then, no replies yet. I am asking a refund. Other than dat, it is a superb game.
Good, but with some issues Very enjoyable, but with bugs they seem to have no interest in fixing i have an open ticket since July that they havent updated for months and woefully overpriced in game currency.
Additional file download taking forever Maybe the game would be worth 5star but the speed at which the additional file downloads is like forever. My WiFi has a decent speed and it can download even heavy files with ease. I have being downloading this 540mb of additional data forever and it just not finishing.. Highly disappointed
