I hate it This game sucks. Sims school bus driver is so much better than this crap. You should go get it
I hated this game AKSHAY AND RAPPER ARE RIGHT. THE GAME IS NOT BAD BUT WORSTEST I AM GOING TO DELETE THIS GAME JUST NOW IF THIS PROBLEM IS NOT FIXED
I realy realy hate thia game Ihate this game so much looka good not fun
Looks good But too many ads to actually play the game
Worst game.worst graphics.Totally a waste of time,battery and energy
Ek dam bekar game hai.. Plz don't waste your time in installing this rubbish game
Its an good gamre not an boring game ...... I like this
Altar ahmad This games is very waste he games don't be download
FAKE FAKE FAKE GAME Can't Drift Bus... Pick up travellers from every bus stop What the hell its not a Tourist bus HATE IT
What a load of rubbish. Boring as mud... As for the adverts, makes a boring game into a really boring game
A bad app.Don't download When I finishes the fifth level,its not passing  to the sixth level.worse game
Its is good but also much bad and worst game
good but ... this game is good but there should be more buses and cars on the road and plz increase the graphic of this game
This is so cool
Pathetic Worst game I have ever come across.
Ass hole game  dnt even try this game guys
Not bad but not good
Its ok.not bed
Waste Waste
All it is are adds
Cant working
Faltu game
Galaxy s5 Not to bad. But how can I get past level 4 when you start my bus on its side. Come on
Terrible When I got to level 4 I went to start and the bus would land upside down.
How When I start my bus it go one side ........... and ....................... bus simulator 2015 by odivio pop is coooooooooooooooooooooool..........................so..........I .............uninstall.................... it                        lvt
Very worst Time waste app...same route many times...
It doesnt work
Not good If go to 7 level bus is not going on hill . Very bad
Bad game. Dont download this game. It's  not loading only
Please never download. I have completed 4 mission but it
