Crash and burn Opened and ran time 1st time I used. Won't get any further than the menu now
Stops continuously I have reinstalled 3 times and can not get past the main screen with it stopping Please fix HTC one m7
Fails to start  Nexus 6 5.0.1 Hi, This game has always been a favorite, but now I have a Nexus 6 and it fails to start.  Nothing has worked to resolve including reinstall, phone restart, cache and  or data cleared, nada..  I need a resolution ASAP please.
iCrash 2015 No idea how this game plays because it crashes immediately on launch and can't even start. Using a Sony Xperia C3 on Lollipop.
Could be better The controls never work and my plane is constantly sent off in the other direction. FIX
Don't install this game It is very hanged and not move  my phone is also hanged
App doesnt work in lolipop It doestnt start after updating to lolipop. But very adictive
I get an error message upon opening this app, it says  unfortunately ifighter 1945 has stopped . I tried to open this app many times and got the same error message. Why is that By the way, this is a brand new lg g 3 phone
You like your crashes I have no clue how this game plays or even looks because I never got that far. The game keeps crashing at the startup title screen. I have HTC One M8.
Doesn't work Won't go past opening screen
Not very good Other shooters out there are better.. Controls a little unresponsive and not enough power ups to make it interesting..
Crashes I used to love this game so much, just downloaded it in my nexus seven and it crashes, so much
Doesn't work On HTC one m8
Okay The s game somewhat okay but very childish..... Not fit for elders
Not real plans. Spit fire is the only one that is real
Crashes to home screen after 60 seconds. It looks like it might be a good shooter, but I don't get the opportunity to play it for long enough. I hope a patch is coming to fix the issue.
For Yu Yureka Stopped working in CM12 Lolipop 5.0.2, everytime I start game it says unfortunately ifighter has stopped working.
Doesn't work Continually closing
Control is clumsy Look at stikers 1945 as great control example
