Poor payouts This app hits 80less than the live game. Going from this app to live you will have no confidence you might win with real money. .i will not pay for coin here plus when wheel says you won 19000 credits subtract a zero
This is ridiculous Such a cool game but they don't give you any chance to build up some money to play The bonus wheel before the staff here took it away would  give you money all the way up to 100,000 and now you get enough for a couple slot spins....disappointment
Great gameworst app Deleting from my phone after three days because you can only play twenty minutes a day before you run out of tokens. Isn't the point of a game app to get you to play  Oh you think you can force me into buying your tokens if you restrict my time in free game mode , too many free games out there. Don't need to spend money to play yours. See ya 
Worst update ever Used to get more tokens now your lucky if you can get 6 bets worth. Love the slot games on here, but hate not having enough tokens
The bonus wheel is totally garbage The game itself is totally garbage Never seen a bonus wheel that NEVER goes over 2100 coins. If the wheel goes fast expect 450 to 900 coins if it goes slow expect nothing more than 2100 coins. I've spent this wheel over 1000 times not exaggerating  never landed on 4000 coins...sad. They take the coins away faster than they give em to you. I've been needing the bonus wheel to play everyday for the past month because I can't win ANYTHING Smh
Uninstall for reasons that other players have said. Nothing like DUC
Better off at a casino. There is a bonus wheel for returning and it's impossible to get more than 1200 coins.  The wheel goes up to 5000 coins. Also, it is almost impossible to win any coins playing the slot machines
Lame What's the point of playing this game, when you cannot play it for free..once your free coins are gone that's it, unless you want to spend real money on a fake slot machine or spin the bonus reel every 2 hours
Loved this game but tried to go on this morning to play n its saus to update .try to update then its says not compatable with my devise wtf .been plaing on the guest side had 600.000 coins now its gone wtf is wrong with update .
Hate it I kept playing hoping it would improve, but it doesn't. I have had more luck at the actual casino that with this game. Bonus rounds are a joke ,,,, when you actually get a bonus it's usually the lowest possible amount. Thanks for wasting my time. I won't be wasting any more time on this app.
Where are my millions I had over 800 million coins and sign in to find only 242,000. No where to get customer support. You notice all the five stars have no profile. It's them selves giving 5 stars. I want my money back
YOUR GAME SHOULD LET ME DESIDE IF I WANT A NEWER VERSION ON MY PHONE NOT YOU PEOPLE WHO DESIGN THE GAME...
Not enough I love this game at the casino and I usually win..however the game freezes during my bonus rounds..not enough coins to play with and the bonus wheel sucks..give people more and then people would play more than 5 mins a day..it sucks...will be uninstalling till they can fix things
Quick Hit Slots Liked the games,  BUT way to expensive to play Even tho' I like the games it's not worth it for maybe 3 or 4 spins during the day. I'm deleting this game.
Could be better The bets are too high ... The bonus wheel pays too low ... There is no counter for free spins like the real game... Would love to play longer than 5 minutes ...There is no customer support ... It's like they hurried and missed some things ...
Bricked my G4 Installed it. When i clicked on it to play the first time, my phone restarted and never fully booted again.
Deleted from phone  tablet Designed for horrible payouts  if you want to play you have to pay OUTRAGEOUS prices for a phone app
It said to up date the game and its not allowing the game to do so I have a lot of credits This is BULLSHIT This also did this to another game Vegas Party Slots too So I had to delete it That's what I get for being a loyal customer I get screwed over I use to love this game 5 stars, now you get 1 star
Quick hits Won over 80 grand did not register my win. This has happened numerous times. Dont waste your money buying coins either
Nice try to scam... Yeah, so you never win and then they try to force you to buy morecoins to play. Yeah, not gonna happen
love the game hat the app Bonus spins don't pay enough
Game great app sucks You two hour bonus is only enough for like two spines which you means you hardly get to play and if you are lucky to hit a bonus in your two or three spins, it hits so rarely on any decent pays your done in twenty minutes. So frustrating.
