I'm really surprised the Augmented Reality part doesn't seem to make any sense.  You have to leave the silly poster in the background to use it, making it completely pointless.  I could post the picture of BB8 with my laptop and the photo, but I won't for the same reason of sharing it to friends makes no sense.  Once activated the user should be able to use the functionality without having the poster on laptop in background.  Such a waste of a cool idea.
Put some more effort into it Disney. The emoji aren't actually emoji, they're big. The news isn't news, because I read it everywhere else first.
What the hell is up with compatibility My Moto E can't get this, so I'm stuck putting this on my Galaxy Tab 4 Once you get your crap together and make this compatible with more phones, I'll give it a better rating.
Great app if your american Please add Celsius otherwise the weather part is useless Also it makes the watchface less usefull, will change my rating to 5 when celsius is added
Android Wear weather incorrect The app is nice and I like the android wear feature. Problem is it does not display the weather for location accurately on my moto 360. I can find where to correct this in the app but it does not correct the location on the watch.
Doesn't work Sends the watch face to wear but dosent start on phone
Weather cannot be changed to Celsius Pretty gimmicky app but I wanted to try out the watch face. Weather data use useless when stuck in Fahrenheit. Must have the option to change weather to Celsius.
Cute, but ... I like the idea however, every time there is an update I have to uninstall and reinstall to get it to work again.  Would be much better if emojis could be used as actual emojis and if sounds could be used as ringtonesnotifications.
Can't set sounds as notifications. Emoji aren't integrated with text, they're just a giant picture message.
No Celsius I'm sure even the folks on endor would laugh at the continued use of fahrenheit, 95 of the planet uses metric.  Why would you even make fahrenheit the default.
Weather options Please add Celsius and Fahrenheit options. Also this app is crazy slow, the force is weak with this app.
Nice but has bugs... The weather will not update on its own. For the watch face for example,  the only way to update the weather is to choose another face and then switch back. This is very annoying.  In the main app,  the weather will only update if you go into the detailed weather info screen. It won't update on the summary page.  The concept is nice but these bugs with the weather make it annoying to use.
Battery drain Has anyone else seen a substantial drain in battery after downloading app
Fun for a few minutes Looks nice, but that's about it. No option for Celsius in weather, can't set a default city without location being on, doesn't send correct location to watch anyway, emojis aren't emojis, but just pictures to send. Sigh, it had such potential...
Can't login anymore since update Can't login to anything on this app now. Used to be fine, but since last night's update, I can't login to Disney or Google account through this app trying to get new Google skins too. Everything else on phone works fine, but can't login only on this app since update. Just spins.... Reloaded app twice now, no fix, and others are complaining about not being able to login either. Please fix
Useless on brand new Nexus 5x. Camera is rotated 180degrees, please use the proper camera API...
Cool but...... You guys I love it but you can't change the face of my Android watch with only the this day in star wars and NOT HAVE THE TIME At least change my watch face to a countdown to awakens day. Then you'd be forgiven arh hahaha
Temperature unit Please add setting to change temperature to Celsius, not everyone is an American.
