Needs better controls. This game really needs to be updated to allow controller support and possibly cloud saves like Final Fantasy 6 has. The on screen controls are barely adequate and the simple addition of controller support, HID would cover many of the better ones, would improve this port of an awesome game to nearly equal status with many of the other ports done over the years.
Disappointing port I love this game, but hate this port. Heaven help you if you let your screen go blank while you're playing. Everything since your last save is LOST Huge issue on a mobile game
Wtf I remember playing this game when I was younger and never really got to beat it, so I thought , oh wow cool its on mobile, spent the money on it, played it for an hour, got a phone call while playing , went to resume playing afterward and , none of what I had done had been saved, it wants me to start all over, As a fan of Square games, the FF series especially, this comes as a big disappointment, why play if what I do gets deleted every time my phone rings
No offline play I bought this game to play while out on a long sailing trip out of the country with no Internet access. Big mistake. The game requires new levels to be downloaded as you play, which means if you've got no data connection, you've got no game.  You can't even replay the parts you've already played.  Unacceptable. I want a refund but I can't seem to find that option.
Holy crap they didn't do well Right now, the game has just frozen. This is the 9th time in the. 3 days I've played this. The game itself is good in terms of game mechanics and plot but good god do they need to fix bugs.
Game crashes if your screen turns off, no controller support, no cloud saves. Love the game but this is a bad port, made worse by the fact that the game's most glaring flaws have already been fixed by the company in similar games.
Great game, bad port This is a great game, so this is a review of the port. Let's start with the good it has pretty good controls and the dialogue has been modified to match the new controls. Unfortunately, that's all this port has going for it. The game experiences random crashes for no reason, random crashes because the screen turned off, random crashes because it feels like it... And that's if you can even play it. The DRM means you can't play it offline, and it doesn't all download at once.
Amazing game but crappy job porting If you off your screen while playing you lose all progress. This problem  has been around for awhile so I don't think they intend to fix it. Controls feel really bad too.
The game itself is five stars but this port isn't great. The main problem in my view is that the soundtrackclips are screwed up and instead of repeating the track from the chorus at the end it plays from the beginning which sound horrible, especially on the boss battles. This is quite a shame because this game holds my favorite soundtrack ever. I will give 5 stars if this is fixed.
Miserable DRM, miserable experience The requirement of a persistent online Internet connection makes this game unplayable at times for me. Also, the game keeps falling asleep even though it's in the app permissions that it will keep your phone from falling asleep. Avoid this version of this great game until these issues are resolved.
Like everyone else, I am torn It is hard for me to post a onestar rating for this game. I love Chrono Trigger and I love that I can play it anywhere. But this is a seriously terrible port and it is broken beyond an acceptable level. For your own sanity, do not get this or any other Square Enix title on Android. They simply do not seem interested in fixing the problems plaguing this bit of software.
P. O. S. If the phone goes to sleep, the game restarts instead of saving the state, like every other app on the planet does There also needs to be cloud saving. I paid for a broken game and regret it
Disappointing port Online only, poor support, gross bilinear filtering used to resize the screen, colors are washed out, and it breaks with every os update. Unfortunate treatment for a gaming classic.
Biggest Disppointment Ever How is this game compatible with my Droid 1 and my Droid Razr Maxx but not with the Samsung Galaxy S4, which is newer, beefier, and running 4.4  All of my FF and DQ purchases work on the S4 but not this.  Please fix this.
Android 5.1 works, port still bad This game desperately needs some fixes. It forces the rotation in Landscape mode, so you can't use your device with the top on the left or the game is upsidedown. Why Your other games don't have this limitation. It could also really do with proper controller support and why are the cutscenes missing I can understand wanting to save space, but how about the option to download them
No Offline Play I bought this game just before a long ride on an airplane. When I went to play it, it would not load as I needed an internet connection to play this offline single player game. One of the best games of all time but the internet requirement repeatedly ruined this purchase for me.
Broken Doesn't work, keeps saying that authentication failed. Don't waste money on this
