Qool It works ok but the picture quality is HORRIBLE Have a hard time seeing the actual picture. Please fix and will give a better rating
Still no FSN with Xfinity All it gives me is FS1, when I pay 100 a month to Xfinity. Bullshit. I deserve what's shown when not logged in, like FSN, and the local FOX channel. Couldn't care less about UFC, it's garbage TV. I see ads all the time how we can watch Timberwolves games on the go, so this is a giant tease.
Doesn't work Another update and nothing works
I love the miami heat and got this app to see them. Still haven't seen a game. This app is trash. The only reason why i gave it one star because 0 was not there. Bullshit  app
Stupid waste of battery Requires your location to be turned on. I hate that. It drains my battery.
No HEAT Games From the commercial in the games got this app to watch when I'm not home and have yet to see a game. Garbagio app WTF. Works fine but no HEAT games. UPDATE... now HEAT games are listed but won't let me sign in. Grrrrr UPDATE2 finally able to login. Seems Xfinity doesn't let you watch HEAT games. Usless app if you guys filter what's available by provider.
Not working Why Fox can't develop a decent app is beyond me.  Trying to watch Fs1.  App won't start.  Update, weeks later still won't start.   This is garbage.
Liars Like others are saying, they straight up lie on the commercial saying you can watch the local basketball games. Yet to see a pistons game available.  Bs
Get dish network on board and I will rate higher No dish is a joke
Needs chromecast support and replays Useless without Chromecast support
Will not let me watch the Piston games even after the downloading the update
No local channels Why can't I get my LOCAL Fox sports station Sun Sports This app is BS.
Never works
Lying In your commercial you claim to be able to watch local sports with this app. NOT TRUE You have been lying to us all Please fix ASAP. Or stop saying your viewers can watch local sports on this app.
Fix the picture quality The picture quality is horrible It is barely watchable. Please fix it 720p or 1080p would make this a five star app.
AAAND STILL...NO HI DEF as of the latest update OCT 29 STILL NO HIDEF ON A LENOVO TABLET. other video is great, just not this horrible app. Either the resolution is good and the performance is bad on a laptop or on a Lenovo tablet it runs good but no hidef How about both please Don't you see all the bad reviews Goodbye
Wtf Very upset Shows FS Ohio before logging in and no longer works after logging in. Used to work fine until today, had app for over 2 years. Now no channels appear. Time Warner cable. Did your contact run up with them that you won't provide channels anymore Only reason I'm paying 80 a month for cable is basketball and now won't work. Fantastic.
Very unreliable. Freezes and cuts out all the time, even on my good home WiFi.
App doesn't let you watch TV subscription I have Sun Sports on Direct TV, watched the Miami Heat for many years, this sorry app will not allow me to watch Miami Heat games on it. I just wanted too watch the Miami Heat when I'm away from the house. The app doesn't allow you to watch the same content that you pay all that money to your TV Provider for and CAN watch at home legally on Direct TV.
Horrible Very laggt, poor quality when it works. Most times will show available channels then try and sign in to watch and they disappear or say not available.
Utter Garbage Cannot view anything on phone or tablet...while at home...or away, WiFi or LTE.. Location enabled...navigation...horrible.  Useless.
Only if you live outside your home area if you live in Miami this app is useless,   Fox Sun sports its blocked....no fng point if I have to leave Miami to use this app to watch the Heat games
Terrible Video playback is horrible. Doesn't matter where I am or what device. Most videos appear scrambled and freeze constantly. Most games get dropped with a message error, we are having trouble accessing your video. Worthless app.
Horrible, DO NOT GET. Selected my local fox station, signed in to my tv provider, but afterwards does not show up on all channels, I cant even watch the tigers or pistons and that the only reason I got the app. Please fix if you even care about customer satisfaction.
Won't Let Me Watch Fox Sports Indiana I downloaded this app bc the Indiana Pacers advertised that I could watch Pacer games away from home with my cable subscription. So far I've tried Dish Network not supported and Comcast Xfinity, neither one allows me to watch my Pacers. Fox Sports needs to get it togeher. Worthless app.
What Happened This was once a solid app. I could stream local mostly Cleveland Cavaliers games without issue. Now there is some bug that won't allow proper location detection. About the only events available are high school football and gymnastics. Epic fail.
Doesn't work Can't get videos to load, stuck logging on. I am an xfinity customer.
Location services Seriously fox sports Location services are required Get over yourselves. Congratulations on finally releasing a streaming app, though. You're really catching up with ESPN Update one year later now no streams are available through time warner. App is completely worthless. Uninstalled.
What's going on I got twc and no channels are showing. wth is going on they got to fix this I'm trying to watch spurs game and thanks who ever made this app messed up my whole night
