Wouldn't work would like a refund. Tried to install this for my daughter several times each time it wouldn't load so now I just want a refund.
A freeze app Im very disappointed in this app my daughter loves daniel tiger and she got very sad when all the app did was freeze and she couldn't sing her favorite songs..refunduninstall
Buggy on kobo arc Daniel tiger day and night works fine . This has display issue were parts are blacked out please fix. Wrote developer son love show but never heard back. With my kobo arc hd. Some level the pieces are completely back while rest is in color. For example you cannot see menu pitch black but game are in color.  Not all are blacked out just some I have no idea why. Great concept but needs work.
Sucks for those that payed I got it free haha but not gonna use this app especially because of the reviews. Would've been ok for my nephew but i'm not installing an app that is garbage..
Little slow and buggy I've got the other Daniel game and it is OK. This one is a little slow and I have to figure out where it stores all the pictures and how to clean it up. About half the videos cause it to Force Close too.
Doesn't work It keeps freezing. My daughter couldn't even use it once. I would like a refund.
Too large...322mb This app is ridiculously large especially compared to other games out there with equivalent amounts of objects and files required.  In fact all of the Daniel Tiger apps are too large...
Freezes too often It freezes too often. There is no way to exit the game other than hitting the home button
Mentally challenged now. I think my child would have some serious mental issues if they took all of this rubbish in.
This app will not download. It just keeps saying error. Don't waste your time.
I want my money back games a rip off The photo booth makes the game freeze. This is the second Daniel tiger game that does this freezing nonsense.
Will not download I have tried several times to download this game. It just won't do it.  I have full WiFi signal.  I would like a refund please.
Save your , game does not work
Constant freezing When the app works, it's great. But it only works for 3 minutes before freezing on both smart phone and Kindle Fire. So it's completely unusable.
Refund The app freezes a lot my daughter has not been able to use it for longer than 2 minutes
