The wait between levels is ridiculous and stupid. If you think waiting like 3 days in order to play the next episode will make me recommend this game to my friends, well you think wrong. In fact I'm sorely tempted to just uninstall it because of such idiotic marketing tendencies.
I like this game but... I'm having the same problem as at least one other person, that on my phone I can't advance past level 275. I want to keep playing, but if this doesn't get fixed soon, I'm deleting this app. If it gets fixed, I'll raise my rating. Update I'm lowering my rating from a 2 star to a 1 star because I just downloaded the update and the game still won't let me go past 275. Some update that must be.
I agree. . onna go for it.
Hard,very frustating ,impossible to achieve goals  I wouldn't even give it one star
Alpha Betty game This game sucks. You need to fix it. SUCKS BIG TIME. I will take the game out of my phone. I can see other people aren't happy with it either Will u ever upgrade this app
Disappointing Loved the game, then in the early 200 levels clichs appeared and started frustrating me now I have completed upto level 275 and had not had an update in 2 months.  If I need to wait another week to move forward I'm deleting since its just wasting space on my tablet.
Decent idea undone by Twitchy Upgrades Welp from 2 star down to 1. Once again, basic game design eludes the morons at King. The basics of these games is that you advance every so often. A pellet to make the chicken dance.  Once you stop advancing the fun leaves the game. Taking 2 weeks to pass one level is beyond fun. That lesson seems beyond King. Stuck at 119. Deleted.
Couple bugsglitches need to be fixed. I purchased the Halloween special. I was happy to have the extra shuffles, but now the the shuffle option doesn't come up after so many turns, I have to use what I just purchased. Please fix and I will change my rating. Also when I was stuck on a previous level, after it auto shuffles twice, the game will crash and take an extra turn. I have seen that other people have comment on this issue.  Other then that I do enjoy the game.
Time to uninstallpermanently Level 160 is a pain in the app store Even tho I can see words it shuffles a couple of times and then closes completely. I've uninstalled and re tried but just keeps happening. Sort it or I'm gone
Help me Stress to reach the target sometimes but im totally addicted tk this game  Burn my midnight just to play it .. but the thing is how i wanna cont my level...requestask friend ..invite whatsoever....i just click the button everywhere cox dont noe how to make friend and invite...i wanna play  Let me freely...
Crashes on Level 198  takes lives each time it does.  Fix it  will give 4 stars
If you enjoy words this is a fantastic game. I am fascinated by words but this is just not forming words, it has the added bonus of making you work  out how you get points when making a word. It is not straightforward which is what intrigues me. It is exciting when you are almost there then suddenly you have lost it but that only makes me want to try again as I know I can do it. thoroughly enjoying it.
