I can no longer connect. Ive spent hundreds of dollars on Blood Sigils to develop my squads. Ive already missed an entire event, its been a whole week. What is going on Id like to play again.....
Addictive like crack Edit 20.11.15  after recent updates the game now runs terribly pausing for loads very frequently, please fix your game and i will revise rating..... Just so good, I play mobile games very little these days but this one really entertains me, well done.
NOT WORKING I tap the menus and still it is not working  I am stuck at the home page of the game I even try bluestacks still not working
Wat an update,fix the problem of loading home page..takes ages and sometimes can't even log on ... stars.u guys r messing it up now.
The game stop during loading the main page What's wrong Please assist.
Latest Update screwed Everything Geezz guys What happen to the old interface The major issue is now everything I do is the glorious LOADING screen. I do love the games, I believe all player here is feel the same as I do. So please and do please.... Fix the loading screen. Thank You
Tall man Oahugrown One star tells me oops but I like da game play ....Aloha and have Jah bless day  It won't load have screen but loading won't finish. Please fix.
Cant play This nice game but after update i cant play it. The home page cant loaded please fix it. Thank you
Loading issues The game is great, but not once from the time I downloaded it, to the time I updated it, did it work properly. Before the update I would have to force close and launch the game multiple times before it would work properly, after the updade, I have to wait more than 10 minutes on every screen I open for the loading to end. Playing is worse, each time I finish an enemy and go back to the map I have to wait another 10 minutes Please help.
Pvp has issues In pvp it automatically selects a commander without me touching the screen every time.  There goes my win streaks
Love this game Love this game, can't stop playing it. But since the last update, I can't play the game. It get stuck while loading on the home screen. Please fix it
Crappy customer support Crappy customer support.. spent 50 sigils and didn't get commanders and the reward... cusomter services assures me that the game animation doesnt matter as the game froze right after I tapped... asked them to tell me which 10 commanders i got from back... obviously no answer....uninstall
Game freezes Get to the home screen and it just says loading... and is frozen there. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still is frozen. I spend hundreds of dollars on this game for it to not even let me play it
Why release tournament mode if everyone can't participate in it. So disappointed . If I haven't spend tons of cash would have uninstalled this game.
