Originally I would have given this app 5 stars until the day came that I needed support...well that doesnt exist so if tech support is important to you dont buy it
Requires adobe flash.player to work Got this to transfer videos from our ipad based on positive reviews.  Started with the free version, unfortunately video files are too big for the free version.  So I upgraded.  Now it will not transfer videos without Adobe flash player which is not supported on this device. Useless waste of time and money.
Not Great Sometimes works.  Does not transfer all files.  Sometimes transfers a file name with no data.  Simple to use.  But will look for something more efficient.
Used to love it I used to really like this app but since I upgraded to kit kat ages ago they still haven't fixed the issue of not seeing my sd card anymore. I didn't worry,  just waited months thinking they'd take care of it and tried again...still nothing. That's lame...and I even paid for the Pro.
Stealing apps I was excited to use this app because my PC was acting up, turns out there is some sort of fake server that steals copies of your apps during copy transfer, then it don't even transfers the data to ones SD cards ridicules Now my phone has some sort of Cloud storage all my apps keep getting corrupted, they install somewhere else doesn't show up on my app list like it installs into a cloud, I CANT BELIEVE I TRUSTED THIS CP
Poor I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and recently updated to Kit Kat.  Now the WiFi File Transfer Pro app will not work.  I keep getting an upload failed error each time. I have uninstalled and installed the app  I'm still getting the same error message no matter what type of file .pdf, Word, or Excel. I also have a Samsung  Galaxy 10.1 tablet that has Android 4.1.2 and have no problems.  Please fix this. I have sent two emails  have not received a response back. Thank you.   Radiah Ware
Doesn't work properly uninstalled I use it to download files from my computer to my tablet. Difficult to move oe copy new fill into the tablet
