Noooooo Won't work on my tablet It says  Error, marmaladethen some numbers And something else... Don't know what this means and I am hoping that you can fix this asap. All of the other ea games work though. I was like yes sims 3 on tablet... Yeah.. No..
I want a refund please. I paid five pound for this game only to fins out that it won't even load. It only gives an error marmalade message. I would like my money back please.
Error right after having bought game Each time I opened the game I got an error message marmalade something.... Can you fix this bug or give me my money back
Nothing like other Sims games This game is nothing like the other Sims games. The town map is very limited, and your Sims cannot have a family. The only advantage of this game is that you do not need to have a WiFi connection in order to play it.
Doesn't work Not working on Samsung galaxy note 4. Get a error message saying marmalade. Paid 4.99 would like a refund.
Error on start up I downloaded and installed it a few times on my tablet but each time it throws an exception and go fixed on the sims logo I really love this game please fix it
Please Resolve Error Marmalade. Can someone fix this or will it just not work on my Z4 Tablet, If not how do I go about getting my refund Stopped working on my phone too Could ai please havemy 5 pounds back. Thanks
Don't download Paid for and downloaded, it doesn't get past the loading page and comes up with an error but won't even give the option to refund
Dont bother. Marmalade error. Every single time, i've tried freeing space i've tried resetting, every solution i could think and still nothing. I absolutely adored to sims on the xbox and the Pc and i finally managed to convince myself to pay 5 for the mobile version, im dissapointed. Please unless you're extremely lucky or get this free from a promotion, do not bother. Save your money.
What even I have watched Sims 3 playthroughs on youtube and they are nothing like this. What a rip off
Cannot even open app on my galaxy s5 I keep getting marmalade error v6.06.6 .... sent report.  I want my money back please, I can't even get past the green icon.  Fail.
THANK GOD I ONLY PAID 10P Gotta say this is poor for an official sims 3 game, absolute barebones game, cant even buy a kitchen sink, tbh i should have waited for freeplay n saved 10p,  Also y are so many items locked I PAID for this n it seems ppl get more from free play. Is certain furniture unlockable without iap Cuz I wanted to buy a computer and it tells me its locked and not currently available at this time.
Won't work and EA doesn't seems to give a s More than one year since the last update and even that some users are reporting the persistent error Marmalade v6.0.6323198. Exception occurred in glInit. we don't see any corrections. The game won't even starts... And so I saw, EA updates the freemium that have inapp purchases but not the one that shouldn't have this cause the app already costs.
Not happy Ok got and paid today and can't Evan get passed the start screen I keep getting an error marmalade or something like that  IS THERE GOING TO BE AN UPDATE OF THIS AS FROM THE DAY I PAID FOR THIS I STILL CAN'T PLAY I WON'T A REFUND ASAP
Won't start Just keep getting some random error marmalade something or other and it hangs on the EA logo Nexus 6 running 5.1
Horrendous DO NOT BUY Having played and loved the Freeplay app,  I purchased this.  Biggest mistake EVER  Graphics and game play,  awful.  Cant even get a refund as just missed the 15 minute deadline.  AVOID
Disappointed Was good until it froze and came up with a marmalade error. Now it won't open at all. I'd like money back please.
NO Horrible I play on the freeplay sims and it is 10x better than this I love sims freeplay and cant stop playing but I thought this would be better. It is way to much money and I spent like 5 hours trying to get it to download and ot kept saying error
Error marmalade Sort it out EA, I paid good money for this game. Very shoddy support, you should be ashamed of yourselves
Poor game, got right in to it till I realised that u can't do most off stuff, my god the ones I played on around 6 years ago are better  Don' t buy not worth itPoor  Game
Not so good I've paid to play this app, and i was able to play at first. But when i updated it, it cant be opened  please help.
Disappointed I play sims 3 on the pc .. so was hoping it would  be similar,  cant have babies and by the looks of things cant even get married cant get past best  friends ... Waste of money 
Got it free ...after 5 mins of boredom I will now  remove it again. EA this game is symptomatic of your games in general. You seem to think less is more and that we are all a bunch of mugs who don't know what we want... Well we do know what we want and we want lots of quality content and a polished ui, not a blocky boring attempt to squeeze more money out of a dated idea. This looks more like a cheap clone than an actual sims game.
Got an error after paying for only a few minutes please fix this Error marmalade v6.0.6 323198 exception occurred ingllnit once fixed I will change my rating
Are you serious I can't even open it. It says Error Marmalade or something and then i get a message that it unfortunately has stopped. I want my money back
DO NOT BUY THIS APP This app does not work .. have attempted to email ea for a refund but they have disabled there mobile games email .. Meh .. if it wasn't for Googles wonderful ability to never forget the little purchase ... Thanx GooGle. . You are wonderful .. and EA .. get some customer service and learn how to release a game huh
