Good game and frustrating at the same time I've never played a game that makes me want to throw my expensive tablet against a wall like this game. One moment you have control of your player them the next, no matter what you do your balls keep going straight to your opponent. TOTAL B.S.
Virtual tennis The worst game ever i can't believe I wasted my money on this piece of crap I wish I could give it a negative star please do not buy this horrible game beware save your money
What the hell Great game but i dont get it. How many more times do i have to play in the same day I've played the tournaments on 4.11.2013 like 10 times each. What do i have to do for the day to change
Great gameplay but still lacks the basics Game is still interesting enough to make me play repeatedly after so many days.. The main glitches still continue for a game that was launched so long ago.. Why can't the developers make updates, which is what is frustrating me 1. There is no game option to adjust sound so this makes multi tasking a problem 2. Game works only on one direction, the screen doesn't rotate 3. Many times the game would fail to load
My second review. The game is still rigged. It is obvious when your player starts following your comands with little delay. Just enough to lose the match. Beautifuly done game with no lag but rigged. That spoils the experience a lot. Bluetooth connection is subpar. It works and I was able to play against my friend but the pairing process is painfully slow and I don't understand why the phones need to be repaired after each match.
BS Doesn't matter how good you are.  The second you get total control over the number 1 player in a match, it's over.  The computer literally will not lose.  Been up 30 in the second set at least 10 times and have lost every time...  completely rigged.  The guy will actually make it from one side of the court to the other on a slam shot and return it every time.  So mad I spent the money on this.  Loved it at first.  But the better I got the worse the cheating got...
The game cheats I think theron tennial is the creator of the app or he is the god himself. Just unbeatable. The moment you higher the difficulty level your opponents quality doesn't increase but your touch controls become insane. Seems like some one else is controlling your player. He becomes absolutely out of  control. Fix it Sega. And yes I also agree with so many users that the power shot should be an optional thing.
Fun but flawed The game, when it works, is awesome. However, there is some weird lag in the controls...only sometimes...where you tap the screen but it takes a second to register, and at that point you've already lost the point. SO IRRITATING. If they would fix that, it would be great.
Worst AI ever Wish I didnt waste my money on this app. At first seems cool but as you get deep into game it starts handicapping you against the main character Tenniel. Game starts doing crappy things to make sure computer beats you.
Guys please please update this game its time really, bored with same players arenas same clothes, same  raquets i mean do something different with game. Add some more interesting features im really bored...
Totally rigged One minute you have total control and are dominating play and then all the sudden your opponent becomes a brick wall... such a shame because it was a really good game before this happened Uninstalling for sure
annoying HGame is fun up until you reach a semi final. The player won't move as fast and WONT hit in the precise direction you want him to  as it would allow you in the tournaments leading up the more difficult ones, which makes it virtuall impossible to beat your opponent. Another problem, your player will sometimes just move on its own  even before you touch the screen.  Annoying.
So easy This game has a big bug which not many people find out. I know 1 trick that could win the game easily even it is the very hard mode. I often win the AI with love sets even I just pick Michael Shen the weak character as my player. Please make the difficulty harder so people won't get bored of this game.
Both great and frustrating I loved this game and appreciate that it was brought to Android. However, it also often drives me crazy. Too many times I hit a button to swing and nothing happens. If it's cuz I missed the buttons then they are way too small and require ridiculous accuracy for a touch screen. Too many times I quit the game cuz I miss swings that are basic and simple
