Online cheating I've found way too much cheating on this site. When I analyze games and a players rating of 1300 is making moves equal to a 2600 computer time and time again in the same game something is wrong...
Why does the lower rating range in live chess have to be negative Often I want to play players with higher rating than me
Loved it at one point, now I hate it. Too many cheaters or engines being run. When you're edging your opponent, they magically become chess masters with incredible moves And if you're winning via most pieces, you're unable to win via check mate because the opponent takes to long to make their move and will eventually run out the time. I'd rather play physically with someone rather than a computer online. It's not fair to lose that much and win so little without every move being predicted.
Stability prob, phone restarts at launch...timer is incorrect, you loose game if connection is slow, I was leading in a game by 430 min in a 55 gameI was darn quick and the opponents clock touched 5sec n still I lost on time, Can anyone imagine that 
Notes Because of this stupid app I lost more then 30.000 letters in notes When you open notes with app it WIPES OUT everything you ever wrote there I'm not some idiot who accidentally deleted everything  app did that I need notes for in game analysis and because of stupid app all my work has gone to waste
Touch accuracy is poor I'm making errors all over the place because of the touch input.  The piece you're moving visually moves forward more than its actual target square  I do not understand how that kind of design decision is possible.
App is terrible The app is really bad.  There is major lags that often cost you the match.  My rating has fallen a lot since downloading this app. I do not recommend. Terrible app...... I regret downloading.
Absolutely terrible On full WiFi connection, will randomly break connection with server. Extremely annoying when you're in the middle of an intense game. 
Program needs improvement Needs a DRAW OFF botton that can be turned on during the game. People keep asking for draws towards the end of game as time is running out..its a cheat mesure hopping that you ll click on it. I personally don t get their rational because if they wanna win they can use  a chess engine like Fritz....but it happens way too often and is distracting and annoying
Really I must pay to learn Chess is free for anyone Anyone can play ANYTIME,AT ANY MOMENT, AT ANY AGE, AND I'M 12 I want to learn Chess because I sucks and my chess teacher teaches which I don't know what he's talking about. I even don't know how to pay online. I'm done gt
Can't log in Try to play across from my opponent but the board keeps flipping. Suggested moves keeps coming on when I keep turning it off. Can't retrieve my password. Useless app
