Not very useful Often boots me out. Won't allow me to sign up a new Advocate, which is the reason I purchased the app in the first place,  doesn't offer a way to sign up with a kit. Also doesn't give enough info on products.
It doesn't work and customers should not have to pay for an app to buy your products. I have no issues signing into the regular website, but can't sign in on the app. Why are you charging  1.99 for this
I can only shop And I payed 1.99 to shop when I can log in online for free I thought I was paying for the doterra essential oil info database where I could learn about the oils and how to use them.
Wont let me log on Keeps telling me its getting there but never loads Is this a glitch Time for a new update Glad im not the only one with this issue Please fix it
Inadequate Search function is terrible. Entered topical blend and got zero results. Seriously Had to Google it to find the doTerra blend. And why do we have to have one app to shop and another for oil info and uses I don't have time to bounce around like this. I hate companies who waste my time. Consolidate, PLEASE
Cannot see orders or other websites or business tools And you charge us to download something that does give me what I need
Sucks Have tried  tried, like 15 times and still can't get in even tho I paid for it. It constantly tells me invalid credentials.
Paid for I paid for this app but all of the products are not listed on this app. There are many more products listed on the website than on  this app. Not very pleased...
Won't let me log in. Guys this is an old problem. Fix it.
It will not accept my doterra sign ln.
I cannot sign in. Who do I contact
Does not provide a way to log in
It doesnt show everything on the screen. It cuts part of the specials off. Also it doesnt show how many points we have on our account.
It worked when I first installed it. Now it doesn't even open. I have uninstalled it and reinstalled it a couple times since it quit a couple months ago. No luck 
Just installed Doesn't let me login, same error NUP REC not found as others have reported. Verified I'm using the right login. Sent an email to the devs ... Will update rating ifwhen it's fixed and working.
Won't let me log in Was really looking forward to this...and the fact I had to pay for this and not even be able to sign in is soo frustrating.  I'll keep checking back and trying to sign in.. but I will want a refund if it doesn't fix soon.  Way to get my hopes up
Does not work Bought several months ago, was hoping they world work the kinks out, never have been able to log in. I want a refund.
Greta It doesn't work as far as I can see.
Please fix and I will change my rate Worked yesterday and was handy after downloading but now keeps saying error. Please fix or refund my money.
Cannot log in No matter what I try, I cannot log in nor is there any sort of help or support.
Won't let me login This app had kind of been working for me but today it's not letting me login and is returning an error message when attempting to login. Before this, half the time it would just run the usual website back office and not the mobile version. And I can't use it at all on my tablet because apparently my last generation samsung tab is too old. If you're charging for this you should at least make sure it works and is accessible.
