Love it BUT It keeps bloody crashing. On the rooftops, in the streets and even during turtle time God forbid. It just stops and no coins or xp gained counts. What a crock. Fix it. Now.
Trutle time issues Keeps shutting down and returing me to my home screen everytime I reach turtle time. Its super annoying and for a paid game shouldn't happen.
Crashes Won't even let me play. Farthest I got was picking which turtle I want to use. Please fix and I'll change my rating.
Ok I dont understand the level system how do u level up and in the street mode your life should fall short
Would give it 0 stars 4 is a lot to waste on an app that NEVER even worked I bought this for my 4 yr old son on his tablet  all he can do is pick a turtle to play with  the app crashes EVERY TIME. I haven't deleted the app yet because I can't believe I bought it  it's not working, I'm hopeful it can be fixed. However, I'm not sure how it will get fixed, because when I go fill out a ticket to tech support it NEVER WORKS Don't waste your money I highly recommend you do NOT download this app.
SONY Z1 I loved this game and the update to get CASEY JONES seemed awesome. But since the update the game freezes and force closes in the middle of runs. Please fix and I'll happily change to a 5star
Disappointed App shuts down, Casey play does not work properly, achievements not registered because of this characters do not level up. This is absolutely frustrating. This game is no fun because of all these bugs. Seems to have been a waste of money. Please fix or extend refund.  Not only  is it a disappointment for our son who  works hard to make progress in the game but to us his parents as we PAID  for this app and it doesn't work properly. Please fix
Lag, not enjoyable, too hard for kid Game is lag and often crash, hard to beat robot with lag game. Too hard for kid to achieve 3500m on single run for leveling up. Frustrating for kid while lag, crashed, and hard game.
Great game if not for glitching Way too many glitches to be a paid game. The screen freezes and sends me back to the home screen on almost every Turtle Time and it constantly freezes during a run, making me suddenly fall off rooftops or crash. Great idea to the game with capturing of the characters' personalities, but not worth the money as it seems cheaply made.
New update sucks The new update constantly crashes. Have the note 3 with no other apps running and always kicks me out of game.
Amazing Game but.. It worked 4 the 1st couple months I had it on a nexus tablet, then I get a samung tab 2.0  I dunno if the new BETTER tablet has anything 2 do wit it but it doesnt work in the streets  if I smokebomb to next level then it doesnt work when I get to Baxter. My 4yr old LOVES thus game but hasnt even opened it in a month cuz he gets so frustrated. I always rated it 5stars but cant do that until my sons happy again
Fix immediately or refund Son played 1 time and now just black screen every time you click play game
Good game but when I go on the streets I always com back to the play store  Please fix the glitch if you do I will rate 5 stares and give a good comment
Was a great game until Casey Jones update The game keeps crashing during a run, I expected more.
how do u get to the shell razoreverytime we get to street mode it goes back to my home screen, this is so annoying fix it, I had to pay for this game  my grandson is getting aggravated if i delete it im out money please help and fix issues hate it please fix
