no pearls i keep going to the earn free pearls  have completed almost all of them  it still wont give me the pearls . this has happened before but i ignored it , the game updated  it was fine but now its back to doing it again . love the game otherwise but the mess ups cost you alot if you play the game very often
Dont like it now I use to love this game until everytime i buy an item i get an add its very frustrating if it cant b fixed im going to delete it. Thos add pop up everytime i try to do anything Very disappointing now
Remove the adscommercials. They're making everyone who loved the game stop playing. This is a great game, even better since they removed the ads and commercials. The only thing they could do better is make it possible to trade coins for pearls or algea.
Reef items disappearing. Rare seeds planted, next day they're gone, they didn't grow I hadn't had a chance to get thru the feedings. My alge bank disappeared from one hour to the next. From reading other reviews I'm not the only one this is happening to. Have decided not to try to use real money on this game, that may disappear as well.
Remove ads please I use to enjoy it before when it was ad free but now every time i have to buy something i accidentally hit the ad which makes me go through the link and my phone hangs up on me coz i want to close the ad 
Won't open bc it crashes after opening ad Loved this game for many, many months. But now can't get into it because it crashes after playing an opening ad.  Attempts to contact developer have resulted in no fix.  I get that they have to have ads in order to pay the bills. But when all I'm able to do is see one ad before it crashes it seems pointless to keep trying.
Meh It's fun and relaxing but it either freezes my phone or crashes.  Once they fix that it will be perfect
Not enough opportunitiesto earn pearls and in another gamereachedlevel32 and it started being rip off requiringmoneyto be spent to finish quests. Money scam.
Force closing Would give it 5 stars but I literally just can't open the app anymore without it immediately force closing and saying it had to stop. Please fix this.
Starting to get annoyed As I'm rising in levels the game is getting more difficult to load.  This problem needs to be looked into.  Other then locking my phone up, I really have enjoyed it.
Problems with getting pearls I feed my fish and when I tap to collect the pearls, I never recieve them in my pearl account. It still says only 2 when I just harvested 3 more pearls. Please Fix Will change rating when it is fixed.
Game problem I get to see just a hint of the game and then an ad for inside out comes and after that I only see a black screen and the music this happens every time I think even before inside out I would get a black screen and only a music I check for an update but there is no accounting for why the game won't play anymore just a black screen. Bummer I invested a lot in terms of my time and even money which I regret now please fix this
Too many video adds Every single time I place something on the reef I get a video add. It sucks because I planted four things in a row and each time I got a video add. Way too invasive.
nemo's reef now it won't even hook up to the sever hope you can fix this . it is a lovely game  i enjoy playing it should be more game like it . its relaxing and just let me sit back and enjoy myself before I go to bed and at work when I'm not busy
