Each upgrade is a downgrade Installed the latest update. All the bugs are still there, but now the song timing is broken and one of my player slots is taken up by an SP2 promo. Thanks for nothing
Best guessing song game ever Love this game, but since last update I'm unable to play due to my songs not downloading. Please fix.
Horrible Player Matching I bought the app. I expect to be able to play some random player whenever I desire. To block this in an attempt to squeeze more money out of a customer is disgraceful. I have nothing against in app purchases, but this is a step too far. You've limited myself from actually using the app. Disgusting.
OK game I stopped playing for a while and when I redownloaded the game things have changed most better, but I no longer can plan random people. Most of my facebook friends don't play this game. Its a shame cause I really liked this game.
Won't Run on Asus Transformer I bought a high end tablet to enjoy playing my games on a tablet screen instead of a phone screen.  Songpop takes forever to load, and when it does finally load it suddenly crashes and disappears.  Very frustrating  Fix this issue so us people with Asus Transformer Infinity tablets can play the game they pay for on there tablet and i will change my review.  For now though,  i have to uninstall songpop from my tablet because it's useless on this device.
Updates I paid for this app back in early 2012 I am NOT HAPPY that you expect me to pay NOW for a monthly charge for VIP You are about to lose a customer if you don't change it to the way it has been 12715 Extremely not happy Can't open my app at all Can't do my spin every day  can't play any games Before it quit, LOTS of glitches with NO sound FIX this problem ASAP 62115 Games won't load. FIX IT NOW I can't play at all
Fix bugs Doesn't work with new version of Android.  Song repeats for a second after you pick an answer.  Makes it unplayable
S6 This is so frustrating. I've been playing for a couple of years now. Please put back the option to play random people
Rubbish Songs dont belong in so many catagories plus its getting like moviepop just same songs different playlist its a con
I love this game I left for a while and came back, but the play other users never pops up with any options except for Facebook friends. So I'm unable to play.
Blah The genres of music are so outdated. They also cross genres as different categories. How can hiphop also be categorized as pop...totally uninstalling now
W T F    I love this game but WTF Where the hell did the daily random match go.  What ARE you thinking Good way to screw up a good game. What do you do if you dont know anyone who plays. Uninstall I guess. IDIOTS              
Cant play random people Dont buy this app. You can no longer play random people Its dumb. Not everyones facebook friends play this game.
Daily matches doesn't work,  fix it
Still can't play it and I paid for 1 year v.i.p. When I go to play an opponent I get this message, DOWNLOAD ERROR. Oops Something went wrong while loading a song. Please try again. And everytime I try again it just repeats that message. I can not play at all Please fix this issue
Username jco69 if u want to play So I guess Im not allowed to play anymore since none of my friends play this game anymore really nice taking away the random players the only people I played were random
VIP I see the creators still don't care this app is broke
Download again but now un  downloading. Took away random player 
