Why does it keep doing this The game stopped working for some reason again. It wouldn't load past the loging in screen, so I had to uninstall the game for the fiftieth time. I lost bonuses. Please fix this.
I can't even open the game to play it any longer. It freezes in the middle of loading.  Miss playing, but what can you do
It keeps freezing Since the new update the other day it won't even load I'm missing my daily bonuses and stuff It won't even get past the logging in screen 23. Please fix so I can give the 5 stars it deserves
It keeps freezing in the middle of my game usually right after I  bet a large amount.  So I  lose that amount.  Now, today, it won't  even load  This started  happening after the update  I don't  get it  What's  up.  Please update the update.  Otherwise, I  really like this app
Like the game would give better rating but game keep freezing  going to black screen and now it's been over a week and won't load can't even open it would have deleted and reinstalled but then you lose your money  at least if you gave back money and level when I reinstall it would be worth it too bad cuz I really like this game better than any other
Was having fun but... I was truly having fun with this game til I played the preview game and went through 60 million and no bonus. Why have two different bonuses. It makes no sense. May be deleting soon.
Really guys and girls..... a year later. ..dropped 40.00 bucks and they still have no payout.......hell  with this..... Payout sucks and no response from support....
Every time I get a big win it freezes up and logs out, then I lose credits.I guess you have to pay for jackpots.Also, the server doesn't respond a lot of the time.
Disappointed At least once a week, the game feeezes up and kicks me out, then I can't get back. I have to uninstall and reinstall the game. Then I lose my extra points for playing everyday by starting over. I like the game, but the frustration  isn't worth it
I like this game but its way to hard to win. If you're gonna make all the games super costly to play and not pay out half as much as it should, give us more credits to play with.
Review by Sean Montgomery.This game has 2 stars because it froze up and is taking too long to load.Do you think you could fix this problem before I uninstall the appI will be grateful with any efforts on this.Happy Holidays.
0zz  not  working  very good Crashing bigtime.why can't zinga fix this I'm at 25 billion points. I reinstall I loose credits. I don't see why any body would spend money on a nonworking game. It's frustrating or don't you Guys get that.where is my 3 million points for connecting to face book.
WHY WHY WHY is my favorite slot game no longer working.  It freezes before it evens opens. I sent a report to the developers but they haven't responded. Will give a five again once it's fixed.
Ive been playing a lot..even purchased credits..however whenever you win the bonus or free spins or even when you know you should be getting a big payout or win, the game stops and you've lost out. Really tired of the updates coz it sometimes doesn't let you log in...and then you have to download all the past games. Very disappointed. Great graphics...but thats not enough to keep me
I got robbed. DO NOT INSTALL Reportflag  I was up to level 29. Had over 49 million in chipscredit. I tried to unlock and download new stage. Next thing I know, my chips drop down to 41,000. WTF Give me back my chips... this is BS. And you expect us to buy chipscredits when this happens  Can't even upload or update new stages.. this game sucks
Freezing up This game keeps freezing up during big wins. I'm loosing not only the 20million on the spin but my winnings. Not going to play until its fixed. So lets me know when it's fixed or I will uninstall. This is not good. A lot of others are complaining about the same things. So I'm going to play doulbe u casino I stead. Plus I do buy coins. This is some bull.
Crap It freezes all the time locks my tablet up,,,,,,,, wouldn't recommend it,,,, freezes on big wins and bonus rounds....total garbage, never get big wins credited....... plays good when losing, but start winning freezes.
This is the worst  app I ever did encounter, every time  when  I'm  in a bonus spin the game knock  out  completely, there are  so  much  bugs  I   wonder what  the  heck  the  IT peoples  are doing Sitting  on  there  hands Do something Fix the problems.
Wizard of oz slots I've down loaded this game now 3 times 2 times on my other phone I had problems now I'm having problems once again either you fix the game or I'm deleting it for good and oh why do I have to start all overis it because I got a New phone number
Can't get into the game nor do I get any response from help department...tried several times over last two weeks  No fun if you can't even play...just keep collecting free points until I can use them..to this day...months later...still disappointed with lack of response from help department...at one point lost ALL MY CREDITS AND HAD TO START OVER.  I WAS UP TO PAST 100 LEVEL   LOST EVERYTHING   NOT A HAPPY PLAYER RIGHT NOW I also get kicked off quite routinely and in many bonus rounds.
This game just stole 8 million credits from me Wth Why do I want to recommend a game like this I cant believe it happened at all but now it has stolen two million more Please fix this.
Crashes I really liked this game but three times when I won the jackpot my game crashed on me and I didn't get my winnings and now every time I try to launch the game it crashes on me.
I really love this game but it is constantly kicking me out if I level up and on bonus games which in turn causes me to lose all my winnings I will give this a 5 when the bugs are fixed and I get all my lost winnings back from leveling up and bonus games....
Awesome graphics, terrible payout Love how the game matches the movie with great artwork  graphics but,seriously Zynga, loosen up.  More people will play if you let them win more often.  It's not rocket science guys.
I hate it This game had me build up over 700million points and then quit.  Tried it another machine and after 60million it did the same thing.  It keeps stopping when logging 36.  Does anyone at zinga play this game  Can't you see our issues  If you can't shut it down and bring back the ducks.
Shuts down ALOT I'm SOO tired of it shutting down. In the middle of bonus rounds, after a big win, and yep..no credits received when reopened. Time to go back to VEGAS SLOTS.
Closes often I just started today and it has closed on me three times in 10 minutes. I loose the bet used on the spin when the game closes. Every time I open it again my bet has been changed to max. Game closed last time during bonus round. Would be a waste to spend money on. Wish it worked because it could be fun.
