I have the same issue as everyone else... that is unbelievably big on the screen too big to even attempt to play it.... I will uninstall it and try again at a later date.
Update I can't even play bejewel blitz since it updated today. The size is so large that it will not even scroll or anything. It is frozen. I have uninstalled and reinstalled 2 or 3 times and still has not resolved the problem
Does not work on droid RAZR anymore Update is a bust.   I can't play bb on my ajdroid phone anymore.   Need to fix the issues   I've played this game for years... but can't now due to the terrible upgrade.   Used to rate 4.5 stars .   Not anymore since I can't play it on my phone.
Update sucks Updated and it does not fit the screen on my tablet. Letters and graphics are too big. Unable to play. Please help fix. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling. Doesn't work. How do I fix this
What a ripoff. I just had 67,000some odd coins in my account and I watched an ad for free coins so I could buy a rare gem, and it resent my account and now I only have 2,000 coins. From what I can see in the reviews this is not the first time this has happened. Unfortunately if this cannot be fixed I'll be forced to uninstall.
Can no longer play this game on my tablet. It is too big an will not rotate. I see that many people have the same issue. Is anything being done about this
Is a very  confusing game.  No rules or anything to explain the g5. Have talked to  a lot of people who have deleted the game for the same reason.  Would appreciate some kind of helps or tips for the game.  I play many games and would like to play this one. Thanks
To big The new update ruin my game I can't play. How do I get rid of updates
Don't stop the game when playing it please, it is getting annoying. This game is no good bcefc07be6659dad0e9fac6e24b8b019
Update useless This most recent update sucks for tablet users  I will uninstall  Bejeweled Blitz can not be played on a tablet because there is no way to make the game small enough to fit the screen  Very disappointing
Used to be my favorite After the latest update, I can't play Bejeweled on my tablet.  Its so big it wont fit the screen.PLEAS FIX IT
NOT FUN ANYMORE  Originally gave it 4 stars dropped because after update no longer can play on Facebook with friends will not connect. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling still not working. Slowly losing stars...well back again..lost  stars, what's up  forced to update by game, what a crock, can't play. Godzilla size font can't play. What's up..didn't your programers test update on all platforms Works on cell NOT on tablet android....will give time to fix if not timely bye bye game
Bejeweled Blitz It's supposed to be updated but it's suck  Can't do anything it's frozen so large can't see anything  Uninstall that's what I'll do 
Still doesn't work When are they going to fix this It has been over a week since the update caused the extra large screen. Cannot play at all.
Updates EVERY TIME we have to update, the Daily Challenge quits working, today was no exception........... I am one update away from removing app from phone. With each update the game gets WORSE You make it SUCK
Boosts Cost Too Much Wish they would add in more daily games to try to win or some free things like they used to....gets boring and it costs too much...also freezes up...
Y'all cheat there where payouts are given I want to know why There r other opponents who get to keep their points  positions, but not me, I don't even get to keep anything, Good ol' mecha anchovy gets to keep all he has  I get kicked down to less than last place All the winners only move down 1 place, now tell me, is that fair I'm not even allowed to keep 11th or 15th place I QUIT I don't play wcheaters Dont you think it's time to reset all scores Cmon
Can no longer play The new update made the size so big that it doesn't display on my screen I am super upset It was my favorite game to play. I played it almost every day. '
Don't do update Cannot play after update. Game is now useless. Will uninstall and delete. What a shame that they ruined one of my favorite games
Update sucks Can no longer do the daily challenges. The only reason I still have this game. Have installed it and uninstalled it and still doesn't work.
Loved this until update today What happened My favorite app. Can't play now. Same problem as Betty.  Screen is huge. Very frustrating.
Can't play after the upgrade You just made a huge mistake with your last update.  I don't think many people launch the game any longer.  Please get it reprogrammed asap  I can't believe the update was throughly tested prior to release.  I love playing Bejeweled, please help.
The up dated bejewelled blitz Have not been able to play on my tablet since I up dated, it is huge and I am so disappointed  what can be done Please fix
Update made it unplayable Since the most recent update, the game is too big for my tablet screen and frozen.
