This is nonsense these guys are wasting useful minutes of their life If you buy this game your wasting your time and your WiFi In all don't buy this game it doesn't load NEVER BUY THIS GAME
Poor If you are a sport or football lover then don't go with this game.. Player look like a alien. Worst graphics ever I'm seen
Hated it   Worst game ever... it keeps flicking on the screen. Never install this worst game. Totally piece of sht.
Doesn't even get started.. Forget about handling and graphics... I installed it and it is not even getting started...the only thing I could see is UNITY logo and screen keeps fluctuating..
Worst football app ever Even the goalkeeper doesn't want to keep. He prefers to catch outside the 18 box. Sucks
Worst game This is the worst game ever it keeps on flicking fix it and I'll give you five stars.
Game doesn't even start This game is so rubbish that you should never play it ever again
Cannot give good than this Hated it.Very bad app.If u don't want a headache so don't play this.This game is an insult to football.
Worst game ever Don't download its like the worst football game ever even stick football is better then this don't download if looking for real football game download Fifa 15 ultimate team.
Hated ugly and very bad game I just hated this game I wasted my data on this game he would be mad and stupid who downloaded this game
its jist the  a bad and ugly game bad and ugly  game
Game doesnt even load, click on app and it says 'unity' keeps flashing and draining my battery.. Fix it NOW.. On second thoughts dont bother just downloaded fifa instead
Hate hate hate.the  worst football game ever
Is this a game This is a disgrace... Don't waste yourtime and data downloading this crap
Useless Why making this game its worst, sometimes it control by itself, graphics is good but atlist make both teams jersy coloured...
Kind I should not give this game a single star. But I had to as there is no option for 0 stars
Doesn't work U can't ever  load the app up and I have 3 gb available
Do u think it's a game Can't control anything. Can't work properly on the Note Edge.
Sucks I just st downloaded the game and it doesn't even let me play it just keeps on saying unity
Cool  game I love  the  way  you  don't  have  to  flick  the  ball
Doesn't start Whenever I tap the game icon it shows 'powered by Utility' and keeps flashing. Advised not to download and waste your time and data.
BRUH I try to control them but then it Randomly Changes the person and when they tackle they do the splits  and when they shoot the keeper just runs
BULLSHIT ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING
Mathew Odeh, I agree the graphics are so bad i have bug that the players have no face it is just a grey place. Grey stadium, grey players, grey everything. For that i am unistalling
Doesn't even load Downloaded to try out but it didn't even load to the game. Very disappointed
Worst game ever  I had the  ball with  my  keeper and the stricker just walked into my keeper and made my keeper  throw the ball to their player and I can't shoot or pass It's crap
It dont work It keeps the ads and dont take off sucks
It does not work It won't even open
Didn't even turn on Rubbish, I'd rate it zero stars if I could.
DON'T DOWNLOAD It is the worst game ever it doesn't even start for me.
You can't even great the ball and it's not even clear. I rather play PES than this rubbish
The Best Worst game I've ever played Trash
I hate it Its the worst game every I will never ever play this game again.Sorry its not the best game.But tnx for the game. 
