Keep shutting down Every time I open this app it just shuts Down without even starting, not happy considering I have paid for this app, I have done a system clean alsoand it is still happening..
Way too easy I bought the full version and have beaten this game twice since then leas than 2 weeks ago... expert on all 100 levels. I don't feel like I've got my money's worth... increase the challenge in an update... I don't want to spend anymore money on this game.
I hate this app. I am mad that I paid for this and the app isn't working. I've tried  uninstalling and reinstalling it but still doesn't work. It keeps shutting down. I feel like I wasted my money. Never again will I purchase anything else like this.
Pls help I PAYED FOR THIS AND IT KEEPS FREEZING, MY DEVICE IS NOT SLOW AT ALL IT IS THE GAME CRASHING AND IF I DONT HELP I CAN AND WILL SUE YOU
This sucks Love the game but cannot play anymore. It force closes at the start of game. Emailed them and they haven't done anything about it. PLEASE FIX THIS NOW THANK YOU Now the games screwing up again. Wont let me tap on anything or move my characters to there rooms. Everytime i turn around some new problem with this game
I want my money back I paid for this game and I have enough space to have it run properly but when you tap to go into the game it's just a black screen you dont even get to see the main menu just give me my money back and I will be happy but till then this game sucks
Keeps closing on me I really like the game but it keeps freezing and then it closes although some times it doesn't close and I have to close it because it just up and freezes
Not working.. Every time I open the app it moves very slow and most of the time freezes. Please fix this Did I mention I paid for this 
I actually like playing this game but it keeps freezing. Hve uninstalled and reinstalled game which deleted my progress. Have sent you an email. If it continues i will no longer be playing
Frustrating I have and absolutely love all the play first games. But for some reason every single one of them freeze up and after I wait a minute to see if it's gonna unfreeze it crashes my phone and makes it restart meanwhile draining my battery. I thought since I paid for every one of your games it would be better but I Guess not. Please fix soon or I will uninstall and I will be requesting all my money back.
Unfair business practices I paid for all of the levels in this game and I had to Uninstall and reinstall the game, and now you want me to pay for the levels again You either give me the levels I paid for or I will complain to the BBB
The game constantly freezes Even though the game is only 1.99 i still wanna be able to enjoy. Please fix. And they also charged me twice when i installed and paid for the game and had to uninstall just to unfreeze the game. Fix this problem and give me back my refund or else i would rate it 5 stars cause its actually a fun game
I bought this game and can't play it because it keeps freezing.  So can you fix the problem PLEASE...Thank You.
Problems with people Game works fine until I start the level then I can't move any of the people to their hotel rooms. Please fix. I didn't buy this game just for it not to work.... This is just ridiculous. Fix your game or delete it from the shop and give me my money back
Why is it that it keep on crashingI paid for this app and I expect better performance from your end as the developer of this game.I am an avid fan of your games that's why I spend money to buy this app.Kindly check the reason for crashing.I would be more than happy if this problem will be address.Thank you.
Don't waste your  Bought this app and says its unlicensed I want my money backkkk or this fixed right away I haven't even bygot to play it yet
Was Good Until Update Update did not fix problems. Now the game locks up after playing a few levels. You have to restart your phone to get the music to stop playing in the background. Idk what happened but please fix This was my favorite game
Not working I paid for this about 2 hours ago. Was working fine. Then I went to play again and it won't open. I restarted my phone. Still didn't work. So then I uninstalled and reinstalled and still doesn't work. ARE YOU KIDDING ME
Refund I have an Acer iconia tablet and the game doesn't work. When I get to the levels it won't allow me to drag the customers to their rooms.
What's deluxe about it I purchased Hotel Dash, loved it, so I decided to get Hotel Dash Deluxe. Apparently, Hotel Dash has a twin and Deluxe is what they call him Really It's identical to the 1st one.
Game stuck Game keeps freezing, I like  the game just want to be able to play without  having  to  stop. Whenever  you all decide  to fix all the stopping and freezing then it will get a better  rate  n I'll reinstall
Ugh Every time I try to play this, it crashes.  If you're going to charge for a game, make it playable  Fix the problem or refund my money
Deluxe hotel dash Played once then can't retrieve it any more..have tried to play game..but never.open up anymore I don't recommended this game...
