WOW ONLINE The Cooperative Mode,  When its joining a match it says... TESTING GAME CONNECTION 4EVER. ONKY DISLIKE BECAUSE OF THIS
Serious bug, plz read Hi, first of all I really like this game but, now I can't even play a map without it crashing Plz fix I spent a lot of time into this game.
new update won't install error code 18. don't want to uninstall and lose progress, but I also don't want to play half a game. so now it's useless.
Does not work  completely disappointed Just purchased DOES NOT WORK license error failed to verify game license. Please check your Internet connection. If you have an Internet connection, try clearing the Play Store app data and cache and then restart Bloons TD 5. Error code 0 X 1. Followed instructions researched on internet and checked reviews. No solution available. only option left block credit card payment.
Worst game ever It wont install and i know this game is awesome thats why i really want it ...I've played it before and i loved it and i really want to install but ot wont alsoif u fix this problem please put something like an account and not to loose ur progress like o did and it get boring when u have to restart and u dont play it no more
Wow wtf My BTD5 updated and when it was done I clicked the icon and it said app not installed and it made me reinstall it making all my progress restart and I had everything unlocked and almost a fully upgraded Super Monkey Lair... Please fix this
One of the best games I got a new phone after about 2 years of playing this game. Had beaten most levels on impoppable and loved it. Then, all progress Vanished on new phone. Very unimpressed with this. I cannot think of a worse drawback to such a good game. FIX THIS
Great But... Is there any way I could get my unlocked stuff back I got a new phone and was thinking since it's an account type thing that I would get my stuff back but nope which sucks I had almost everything done and had all towers and their upgrades unlocked it needs an account or something when that's fixed I will give it 5 stars
sorry for The one star but license error OK so every time I get on it says license error does anyone know what's up with this
Progress lost I honestly loved this game but I lost my progress not once not twice but 3 times. I had every tower and power unlocked as well as multiple special agents
Error license Keeps on saying license error please fix it I played this game on the computer before and it was fun and now I play it a lot on the phone but please fix it  I really want to play it again it is my favorite game in the world.
Deleted it off my phone to save space then download it to my tablet and lost all of my progress. I even tried to sign into my facebook to recover it and it didn't work. Very disappointed please fix
Really great but This game is great I love it but every time I try to play it always has error code 01 please need help then I this will magically turn into 5
Please add Google play. I reset my phone cuz of viruses and when I got this back ALL of my hard work was gone all upgrades all of everything please add the Google play or restore my old stuff I am rank 55 with the specialties of max dart and chippers
