Don't get attached This game starts off fun then all the problems happen. Gems bought not received and if you try to get the free ones by downloading a game good luck getting the gems. Customer service is lacking the ability to fix any problems that occur. Plus if you lose data due to their bad connection they can't fix it. I'm deleting this game and not downloading anymore games from this company. Money seems the only thing they care about.
Freezes I installed it and opened but it freezed. I was only able to see one black car and a red carpet. Please fix it I want to play and I am not angry at cybermind. I have read the reviews and all say that it's a good game. Please let me play this good game too. And then I will give you  
It's not working in my phone when I open it I can see a black car that's it please fix it I saw the reviews and people  really like please fix it I also want to play this game
I HATE THIS GAME Why did you change  the   diamonds thing it was easier to just download a game and earn diamonds and because I  don't like lies I will say that I earned diamonds just with a click
Can't save progress It's good really but everytime I exit the game and open it again, it is bback at level one.why
Fashion Limousine turned up but that's as far as the game goes till the problem is fixed I'll give it 1 star
Fix it I am giving it one star because I am downloading this and when I am opening it it didn't even opened ....... I didn't even wanted to give it 1 star also...... It is the most bad gave i ever download....... Friends..... Don't download this game it the very bad game if you are download this you will be upset....... FIX IT  STUPID GAME THE MOST BAD GAME
Very bad Plz fix. I can see only a car and red carpet. WHAT TO DO NOW
Hate it When u re playing the mini game the clothes do not change how do they expect you to pick the combo
Rubish it allways crashes, I don't understand the point of the game, the only good bit was dressing up
Horrorable I hate this app it's so boring and slow. Nothing to do exept wait. Hate this app.
I will try to open but its not open i will have to play this game plz 
Can't Play its freezes. only i can see is a Red carpet and a limo. Please Fix it.
