Doesn't Remember Progress No matter how far I get in Galaxy Mode, or what my high score is in Marathon Mode, Tetris does not remember any of it. Closing the app completely resets all my data. Being connected to WiFi doesn't do anything, either. Had it actually remembered my progress, it would still be installed on my tablet.
McDonald's AD Across Game Screen When I started off playing marathon mode, there was a McDonald's AD the popped up across the screen. Now it won't go away.
Ad window won't close After the ad is displayed at the top of the screen, there is empty white space left that covers the actual game and will not let you play  Incredibly frustrating
Annoying audio I wanted to play Tetris while listening to the original 8bit audio, which this game has. However, even though I select it in the settings, every single level I have to go to the options and select the music. It's pretty annoying.
Too many bugs It was fun until I ran into several bugs. Audio would keep playing even after app was closed. I ignored that for a while. Then the banner ad would cover about half of the screen and there was no way to get rid of it. There was no way to play the game. I had to uninstall it.
Ads don'twon't go away We get it, apps need sponsers. However, I would like to be able to close it after I look at it.
Too complicated, too facebookbased, too turnbased. Not Tetris, but like some awful knockoff. But wait, this is by EA, no wonder it's terrible.
McDonalds ad The McDonalds add pops up and doesn't go away even after you click the x resulting in not being able to play the game.
What happened How do you mess up a perfectly good app with all this crap. Game freaks out and can't control moves. Adds pop up during game play and auto jumps to their sites. PLEASE FIX
Freezes up I love this game and am addicted to it. However, as another person has posted this game constantly freezes up and causes me to lose the points that I had I usually have to force the app to close just to get off of the frozen screen. Not to mention the advertisements are annoying and randomly show up even while I'm not playing this game. If you guys can fix this then I will give a better rating.
Shamefully buggy There may be a reason for the number one selling game from the largest development firm of all time to crash after eighteen levels, or lose all background art when it returns from the options menu, or have dumbed down 6secondcycle versions of video game music classics, or have puerile single player mode. Oh wait. No, there isnt a reason. Another typical EA money grab. Oh, and close when finished. Their adwarespyware is as buggy as the game and starts playing...a radio station
Not worth it. The game itself is fun. But there's ads before you start and after, and everywhere else in between. Playing galaxy mode gets really annoying with all the ads. And you can't even exit and come back without having to restart the game.
Bad App This game constantly freezes up, kicks you out, and then when you go back in it asks you if you want to continue, but it doesn't return you to the game you were playing when it kicked you out. I love Tetris, but this one needs serious work.
McDonald's ad The ad has a large white box that covers a large portion of the screen and makes the game unplayable. I will be uninstalling this game if this glitch isn't fixed soon.  No point in keeping the game if I can't play it.
McDonald's AD won't disappear I understand that ADs are necessary when it's a free app, but come on. I get it, McDonald's serves breakfast all day, now get out of my way so I can play.
Hate the ads I love playing this game but some of the ads will play even you have exited the application. If this game is still up in the background be prepared for your phone to suddenly start making noise even if the sound is on vibrate. You actually have to kill the app to avoid this Bad Tetris And poor programming just to make me listen to your stupid ad partners Finally Uninstalled due to obnoxious ads
This game is not even Tetris. It's the one touch wannabe knock off Tetris. One can't even enjoy the regular Tetris marathon feature they used to have available on this app anymore. They made a terrible update to this app.
Terrible. There are moves, confusing power ups, and more. This is Tetris, not candy crush. I also hated how you played, you have to pick already thought out moves. Its like the game is playing its self. I also didn't like the whole, galaxy theme. Its Tetris, it shouldn't have a theme at all. REMOVE THE MOVES. They are POINTLESS.
No Off button I don't dislike it. It is easy enough to yse and play but it won't shut down, save progress and it randomly ssounds like a commercial station going on in the background that continues talking even when not palying anymore. Glitches need removing.
Frustrated Ever since i updated, the app stops working while im playing.  Lots of bugs,  too many ads makes this game impossible to enjoy.  I wish i had never updated this app
Ads Another game uninstalled because of EAs insistence on using spam advertising. Of course Tetris is an amazing, classic game.  It's unfortunate that EA owns the rights to it.  Just like Scrabble which became unbearable to play so I got rid of it it's not about the game it's about their ad platform. The ads really ruin my experience. Interruption advertising has been long dead but EA is all about it. Tetris and Scrabble are two of my all time favorite games and EA turned them into prostitutes.
If you want to play the original. .. Do not download this tetris. It's some awful version where they give you predetermined places to tap to place pieces. No thank you.
You ruined Tetris  good job, EA. How is it possible that you ruined a game that has been perfect for 30 years  Microtransactions Facebook  You even managed to dumb the gameplay down so that an ape could play.
Pop up ads completely interrupt Enjoying the game, then midmove my Galaxy 5 flips over without warning to a completely different site.  Ruins everything.  No, thanks.
