It has a issue. Whenever i try to buy sonething..it doesnt seem in stock and I have checked it so many times..i guess..newspapers adv is changed but not..it was there but not in stock..and it is happening from last week... i guess it's a bug... newspaper showing incorrect information.. i have checked multiple times...pls pls fix it.
Won't load Been playing just fine. Went to play today and it just keeps saying connecting. Phone is connected, tried restarting, but still nothing.
Fix bugs. I had 3 diamond rings disappear. I DID NOT SELL THEM. Can't log onto Facebook to play with friends so l spend all my gems updating the  barn and silo.  This would be a fun game. BUT IT IS VERY BORING playing alone , and it takes too long If you could fix that problem l might give it more stars
Realy sucks This is the second time that I make the money I need to unlock the mine then when I go to unlock it takes the mony then it resets back as if I never unlocked it I would give it a five but I wasted time on trying to unlock 
Love the game BUT....... Every time I go to buy something the article posted doesn't appear in the drawers. No one is buying  my adds that I'm posting. My drawers are slam full. When I'm looking to buy certain items to fill my shipment I can't find them therefore I not getting my scrolls in time.... Totally aggravating Please fix this issue it is very disappointing
Storage is all the time full and cannot increase it due to missing resources and nowhere to be found. Stressful.
Cannot tolerate slow connection Sometime it ask me to reloading.  And with this I lost previous action that I have made.
Not giving gift cards. Games fun but everytime the postman comes and delivers gift cards it wont let me collect them. It says zero but there will be multiple gift cards. PLEASE FIX THIS HAS BEEN HAPPENING SINCE I DOWNLOADED THE GAME
Not happy. I lost connection while planting crops and using my diamonds. The game restarted, then I lost all my diamonds and crops Cheers for that.
Dosent load The first time it loaded and after that it never connected     PLEASE FIX IT
Cant download it It always say that, google play store isn't responding, but i have 3mbps internet connection.
Cant connect fb Why cant connect fb , cant connect.......... not fun anymore event better graphic than other same game type
