Unclear Communication This app did not clearly state that once you paid the 4.99 app fee, it would only last for 30 days.  It's a great app to be able to use when looking for a new vehicle, but if you don't purchase said vehicle within 30 days, to continue using the app is an additional 50 a month  Would have been better to just use the Internet and saved my 4.99 for something else
30 day Trial Fee Scam App I got scammed like others on here thinking after u pay for it then you're good to go. Thats not the case, You are just paying for a 30 trial. Dont get scammed like i did.
Not impressed 50 a month after the free trial what do they think this app is made out of gold
Very good
Don't pay for this app They don't tell you it's just a 30 day trial then it costs you 50 a month Rip off alert. Want my money back. Pricing wasn't consistent, you look up a car one time and get one price then look it up again after just a fiew minutes and the price is several hundred dollars different with all the same info. Then my free trial that I paid for when buying the app ended and they want 50 a month to continue getting what can be gotten for free through KBB.
Not happy So, I buy the app and then find out I CAN'T USE IT  Seems you have to register your device. I called the number given, and the are flipping CLOSED Don't buy this app. Just use the internet. You won't need as many antacids.
What a joke What the hell is the point of charging for an app and it only be useful for 30 days and then worthless after that Its a pure ripoff
I paid for this and now can't use it Don't buy the app, just use the internet.
weste  you money  in tha app dont buy no work propenly prices wrong not dont  recomment lose  money
Don't buy Can only use it for 30 days. I shouldn't have to register it if i payed for it. I buy and sell cars often this would be beneficial only for subscribers of nada.
Don't be fooled into purchasing Do not download. I got the app while looking for used cars then found out the app will do nothing after the 30 days.y you can get as much information for free on the web no reason to purchase or buy a subscription from these people.
Not up front App is good for 30 days then it shuts off. At 50mth it's a ripoff when looking for a car. I guess if it is your job it would be worth it.
Read the fine print before you buy.
Just keeps stopping...uninstalled, reinstalled...same thing. Uninstalled again. No refund. Want refund.
Waste
