Thieves Was fine at first but they rip you off. I had logged in to play and set my bet at 250.00. Then a sale popped up. Buy 36000.00 coins for 2.99. I bought it and they gave it to me. However, when they did they switched my bet from 250.00 to 25000.00 with out me noticing and with one spin I lost most of the money I just bought. SORRY A...People
This slot cheats Had 35000 coins, played on 500 only and it didn't give me the 3rd bonus symbol  not even once after 50 times. Also it lags like crazy.
Big rip off..you don't win nothing but less than you bet..what a joke..do not download this app
If you like bad games this 1's for you This  game is not a good one. I wanted to give the game a chance to redeem itself. I think 2 months is long enough. Graphics look like a child developed it. Uninstalling. My true rating.......negative 5 stars
Sucks I can't even begin to tell you how bad this app is. Reels freeze or just keep spinning. Zero payouts. Zero bonus games. Coins are gone before you even begin. Deleting.
All app developers you want us to rate your apps but you don't give enough coins to play it off the machines so what app what machines I have played take take take depressing
Bonus spin payout is never over 20k. Payouts in general are VERY SMALL. it's a shame too, some of the slots are fun to play but what a drag that you hardly ever win. Always have to bet small increments. Made it to level 36 amazingly but it's just too slow to progress. Uninstalling after months of playing. Just no fun.....
I was really enjoying this game and was making purchases for coins and when I made a purchase today I was not rewarded the coins that in purchased and have not gotten a refund on the money either...I am out the money and the coins and am very disappointed that this happened
Pathetic slot You get low bonus coins and never win big so you literally play for 2 minutes if that then your constantly getting forwarded to buy coins ppfffttt
No payouts Get free spins but never win on them, terrible game.
Keeps glitching and taking all my coins. Often don't get my level bonus or other bonuses.
