Not entertaining I dont know why but i cannot seem to do those double moves even though its a forward attack style except for the king. Please fix it.
This is nt built well,it does nt check abv 1 and a king didnt av d ability to move Any where within is lane,d builder did nt do is feasibility study
Issues So, the king can't move at it's please How's that And after 2 times playing this game stopped when the rate message pops up. Then i couldn't resume the game again.  Plus using almost 90 Mb of ram Really No thanks.
Pretty fun but........ I always either win or lose on certain levels. It's kinda annoying. If I set it on an easy level, I always win, and if its on a hard level, I always lose. It's fun to play with a human partner though.
Boring. After a short while, it becomes very presictable and not very challenging  even though I have the game set on the most advanced setting. Please, make it do a move I didn't anticipate. I get tired of winning all the time. Also, could use some colorscheme options.   2 stars. Make the game more intelligent and I could up it to 4. Create a few colorscheme options and I might up it to 5.
Keeping app installed for now I'm not sure if other devices are having the same issue or not. On mine the lettering is so small you can't read it, and its unresponsive when you hit what might be the correct button. In fact no matter what you touch, nothing happens. I've played this app before and had no issues with it. Please fix so I can update, play, and hopefully give it 5 stars. HTC One
Terrible Worst game that I've ever played. It's so slow and takes like a dozen taps  just to undo a move. I thought this would gt a great game but it turns out that I was wrong Sometimes this app doesn't let me select my pieces. Also this game keeps shutting down and makes me start all over. This app is a piece of junk. I uninstalled the app instantly. I recommend NOT installing this app.
Great when it works Very glitchy. It often won't let you finish your game devising who it thinks will win. Great when it gets it right annoying when you out number the computer. It will avidly crash one in a great move but more commonly freezes. The undo button sometimes doesn't work or will glitch keeping your piece and not your opponents then the game freezes. If all this were fixed it be a great game with a semi challenging AI.
Ok but has flaws One being that it blocks the screen when asking about making a second move. After pressing ok and seeing it wasn't a good idea I pressed undo, only it didn't undo blacks move and was permanently blacks turn.
