Game won't start The game isn't responding after the update, it keeps saying that the game has stopped, AND WORST OF ALL I HAVEN'T RECEIVED ANY ASSISTANCE NOR REPLIES FROM THE GAME MAKERS.
Connection issues Wont get past 'conmecting' on start screen. I have better things to do than to wait 5 minutes without anything happening. If servers are down put up a message, otherwise you need to check your servers.
Seriously one of the glitchiest games I have ever played One of the glitchiest games ever, and I've played kabam games, lol.. won't log in to my Google account after the update and all of my cards are way  weaker than they were before so no chance of defeating my opponents near my level.. OH AND THEIR IN GAME SUPPORT CRASHES EVERY TIME I TRY TO USE IT
Cheats Nothing can express the amount of pain I feel right now, after using 1. 5g plus to install and update, then having to download the whole update again, due to ur advice, it still didn't work, I hate this game with all my life now, Thanks for cheating me.
your tips are useless i follow your tip to clear data and try to open and update again. I restart my phone too, but always show an unstable network may cause problem.... my network is OK, my other apps are work normally. I have tried all day and night and still can not to download update. my phone OS is 4.3 please fix this, my village is level 98 and top100 player in local. I love your games.. please help me 
Graphics... Everything is pixelated and i can barely tell what im looking at. Looks nothing like pictures shown here...
' I downloaded the game but it said that i needed to download 110 mb. It went to 102.75mb and stopped downloading. Plz fix i will rate it 5 stars
Not working Since update game won't load, hangs on gameloft screen After 30 min given up
UPDATE CRASHED. Unistalled, Reinstalled, X 4... Load hang to time out. The new update crashed. So I uninstalled reinstalled uninstalled reinstalled uninstalled reinstalled uninstalled reinstalled and it now will not load.
Still so many bugs. . This game take lots of time while starting. It's boring. .. if I try 100time of day to login this game then I success only 5 time. It's such a irritation.   Fix it ..
Unfortunately Siegefall has stopped This is happening after the recent update, what's wrong Dev Team, plz fix it, i really don't want to uninstall this game. And it's an issue with alot of users coz i have read other reviews as well, and FYI, i cleared the cache, restarted my device but still it's the same.
No luck with CLEAR DATA It doesn't work Gameloft. Wasted another 150MB . please note we have already spent almost 1GB in reinstallations , please provide a working solution.
Pls resolve this problem Unable to connect after the latest update.. Just shows Connecting for few mins and then no internet connection..I'm really pissed with this update.. No solution is been provided till date.. Plz resolve this problem.
Still Waaaay To hard I've been playing games like this for years. Clash of clans, dungeon keeper, clash of gangs, you name it I've played it . This one is just way too hard, even for experts. Too hard to obtain resources way too hard to level up in even harder to get new hero units. I like the style but I just can't go any further I've been stuck on the same mission since the game came out and haven't been able to go any further hopefully you guys will lower its difficulty
Update version error I do as your instruction, it's ok for first run,  but then it stuck at 'Stacking Card'. I only can log in when I do clear data and download again.
Game wont start Game wont open it closes out during loading screen and dnt give me any bullcrap on erasing data for the game it doesnt work. Just fix it
GREAT GAME IS BEING DESTROYED BY LACK OF CUSTOMER SERVICE Kind of sad really to see the devs ignore requests. Yet another game that will fade into obscurity as money hungry devs focus on profits, ignoring those that would be greatly expanded if only they would listen to and handle complaints.
This new update was great but so buggy that me or my clan cannot attack anyine as it boots us out of game completely and all our rewards from previous season have disappeared paid cash for gems on multiple occasions and not going through sort it out
Keep crashing Even reinstall few time, Even in Google Play Apps... Really frustrated and not much mood to play this game... . Keep crushing even reinstall few time... how to really settle this issue.... . Even give up Pre level game also useless.... disappointed. Last attemp reinstall or else.... too bad
