Poor game The graphics represents the Queen with a cross on its head instead of t king and worst of all, the computer said check when my king wasn't under threat.  I ended the game immediately and in installed the app.
Unfair Advantages This seems like it would have been a good game but sometimes the computer has unfair advantages,  one time it had two queens, and sometimes it won't let you move your pieces into any spot other than the one that will get your piece taken.
Chess Everytime his man gets jumped they won't allow me quit it u Sally rabbot so u get a sad face
Too small to see options at end of game Once the game is finish, the three tabs in center of window are very miniature, can't see them, please fix. I am using Samsung S6 edge 5.0.2 OS.
This game is STUPID it will not let me move to get the computer player out and and I cant get out of getting out .      I would rate it 0 if I could
Great App, Ads beyond distracting I don't mind ads.  But for this app during the middle of the game I get taken to the App store without actually having clicked on the ad.  Possible popunder ads.  Very distracting.  The chess is great, the engine is fine.
Programming mistakes It needs to improve more in programming so tht you will overcome some fatal mistakes in chess. I hade twice chackmate where was not, and I had two pieces of elements like queen at same time. So just hve a look on those aspects.
Blah Its horrible and retarded and unfair I got 3 checkmates and my opponent got none but them it said he won and did I tell you that the graphics are horrible instead of me giving it one star I should have gave it none because that is what it disserves usually I love chess but not when I use this app ugh its a disgracethis app is a piece of caca lol
It's OK For very good players I think it would be good but I wish it would understand what stalemate is and beginners will not learn the rules properly and also sometimes it won't let me move my king to safety and force me into a trap because it doesn't feel like allowing me to castle even though none of the spaces the king or rook pass over are under attack. Unfair
Hey, i am disappointed.  I don't play as a professional nor as a gamer.  Still at my level your game sucks. Now i would like to know why you are not responding. ......
Laggy For a game as simple as this, i should not have to deal with 15 crashes everytime I want to play a game
Annoying features I hate the draw by stalemate or draw by repetition feature.  The enemy HAS TWO UNITS LEFT, AND SINCE I DONT KILL IT FAST ENOUGH, ITS A DRAW I BASICALLY WON THE MATCH. LET IT DRAG OUT. WHAT A STUPID FEATURE
