Lost data's after reboots This application can not be used. after several reboots, large size games data's get missing and need to be downloaded again
Missing obb, data files After moving and rebooting, game says it needs to download the data.. After i undo the link the game starts. Please dont waste our money
HUGE PROBLEM It was perfect until after I linked my obb to SD, an error appeared 'ErrorRetry' license verification failed could not bind to service.. I'm very disappointed, i paid for this..please fix.. Btw i bought the link2sd plus and i tried your fixes above but the error's still appearing..
Sudden reboot When i try to integrate update into system, move to system, move to user. Xperia M last stock firmware
Licensed I recently just bought it and it was working as advertised, until I turned my tablet back on. Now it shows a warning symbol and says it's not licensed. Recommend a solution for your product.
This is bullshit I can't even use any of the pro feature at all... Complete waste of money... U will get my 5 star rate if u fix this... If not I want my money back
pls fix.. I link all my big obb file to my sd card but it only copy the obb and the internal memory didn't reduce space. I try to delete the obb in the internal but game wont start anymore.
Finally purchased licensed version and doesn't work... License check failed with red triangle...doesn't work...tried full factory reset and uninstalledreinstalled many times with same result.  Please fix and I will change my rating as this is a great application...the moving of obb folder is a must, but I haven't been able to use it yet because my paid license keeps failing. Might be a lollipop issue since I am running this on my NOTE 4 with android 5.0.
One day it just forgot I have the Plus One day it just forgot I have the plus and my internal storage got full. Whatever I do it's saying I need to upgrade when I am already upgraded.
Doesnt work on SG prime After purchase, I only get a check license prompt when i first tried to run. Very dissapointing.
Deleted 6gb of data without warning Program didn't check size of data set before failed move. Grossly incompetent software.
Linking of data is making apps slower I am using link2sd for long of 3years.. Am happy with the features still now.. Hence thought to purchase link 2 sd plus.. But its waste of cost.. Because data linked apps take much longer time to load.. Nearly delaying 5 times than the usal tym and force stops the data linked apps frequently..
I have just purchased and install but get error can't mount and su not good done
