Wtf I payed for more silver and did not receive it Whatever you do, DO NOT PURCHASE THIS APP. It will rip you off of anything you try to buy.
WON'T DOWNLOAD ERROR 907, 963 I have the HTC One M8 and I purchased the game but it will not download and install. I get Error 907 or 963 every time. please help
My progress is all gone I Have a new phone and installed this game hoping that the progress would carry over from my previous handset to the new one since I have google app data back up, sadly, no prgress, guns bought was carried over. If you could help me on this it will be much appreciated
Seriously I just paid 11.00 for 100000 silver coins and PayPal can confirm that for me plus the email I got from Google Play..wheres my silver You know companies can get sued for this right Fix this and give me my coins that I paid for or refund me...im not impressed at all
Great game with payment issues I've emailed the dev with no response so far. It's a great game, but I paid for several maps etc and they're not released in the game. It even says in the game I've paid for them. Until this bug gets sorted beware...
Problem with squad dlc Awesome game very fun and addictive but I bought the KSK squad and it took my money but it never had me set up the squad. It still gives me the option to buy it. So basically I didn't get the squad and I lost a dollar. please help And I well give 5 stars
Fun and Addictive but..... Game itself deserves 6 stars if it were possible to give, BUT i have a complaint...I purchased silver supplies pallet of silver  8,000 and nothing has been added to my account. Please fix or refund thanks
Great game but lost my money Love the game but bought silver and never got it even though they took my money emailed support but haven't heard anything back and it has been over 24 hrs. To bad really enjoyed the game till they just took my money.
I bought some cash... But never came. It's a great game, but I recently purchased some of the silver drops but it took my money but didn't give me the silver. Please fix or refund my purchases please.
Unsatisfactory UI It's strange but in XCOM Enemy Within, everything looks bigger and clearer. In this game, everything looks tiny. Maybe it's the low camera angle combined with the opaque walls that makes everything looks small. Zooming in doesn't help,  because now you can only see a very small area of the map.
Confirmed Payment but nothing happen I have made payment to 2 items and confirmed by Google Play, and nothing happened. Emailed the developer who told me to restore payment, but again nothing happended. Email again and got ignored. Please do not make payment
