You won't sell anything that wasn't expensivebrand name.
All of a sudden I am unable to log into my account using the app.  Just keeps saying unable to log in, try again.  I contacted Poshmark via email yesterday and still haven't heard back from them.  This is extremely frustrating...you can't do what you need to do I have many listings to update, I have had NO RESPONSE from Poshmark, and you cannot even call them.  Until this point, I had been very satisfied with the app, and market.  Nov 24, and have emailed poshmark again, but still no response.
App stopped letting me log in Extremely frustrating.  Seems like I'm not the only one with this problem.  I guess it's not important to fix this issue and make your customers happy I loved it when it worked... Hate it because I can't even get in to use it.  PLEASE UPDATE  FIX
Won't work My credit card wont work and I cant shop at all  I uninstalled it and still wont
Samsung Galaxy s5 It won't let me login to poshmark on my app on my phone anymore, I can only login online. When you fix the app I will come back and rate it 5 stars because I love poshmark I wish I could use the app.
Crashes Posh app.Doesnt let me log in.I uninstall the app.Because I wasn't able to see my closet it would say no closet found and I have more than 100 listing there.Then I reinstalled the app.It doesn't recognized my email. I changed passwords and it still doesn't work.It says try again.Please Fix it.I have things there for sell and I can't communicate with them like this
Help It won't let me log in on my phone.  I've tried everything and reached out from support for help and nobody will get back to me.
Can't log in anymore I've been using this app for months and all of the sudden I can't view my profile and it won't let me log in.
Doesnt work  on galaxy s4 While this worked it was great, but alas it no longer loads anything. According to the interwebs this is not a unique experience for those with Samsung phones.
I NEED HELP I can't log in and my profile will not load. What is going on Can someone help me
Okay I thought it was just me but apparently its everyone else too, I'm currently unable to log into the app, I emailed Posh Support days ago and still no response so I Dislike it. When y'all respond or fix the app maybe I'll come back
Please fix login bug asap. I can't log in to to the app on my phone anymore. I have some sales to update soon and I can't do anything without the app 
