Fix scanner please Everytime i try to take a pic of a card the sets wont download. Then i get an error message. Will five 5 stars when it works again
Still doesn't work It's been three separate updates and the app still doesn't open. This is happening to many people and they need to fix whatever they did to break their app.
Weird deck test modeno commander I can't work the deck test properly because whenever I scroll all the way to the top or bottom it moves a card from my hand to the library or battlefield to the grave. Also no commander mode to test with
Look elsewhere Inept developers, it's a library of cards for christ sake, how dumb are you guys  Maybe I'll check back in a year to see if they've figured out which one is the hole in the ground and fixed this train wreck.
Used to love it.. when it worked I have used Decked Builder for years and now it doesn't start up. Crashes everytime st the startup screen. Ready to give 5 stars again, but til it works, it's not worth 1
Back to the Best of the best Fixed text messaging and a few other problems, would still like to see paper results in the find deck section. Over all A. Takes weeks to get cards database update.... Ugh
One HUGE problem This app is great, I use it everyday, but it had one huge downfall. It saves EVERY card image to the phone My phone was slowing and my SD card kept filling up. I didn't know what it was until I saw that the DeckedBuilderImage folder had 22,000 pictures Why not just pull the image from a server or something Would be a 5 if not for this.
Used to be good Almost worthless. Doesn't load art, doesn't load prices, lags now, slow. All this happened after Battle for Zendikar. It is futile to use this app now because you can't do the things you want to do.
Amazing 5star app until recent update I loved this app, did exactly what it's supposed to do, recommended for friends and had over 50 modern and legacy decks in it. HAD, the recent app crashes the app and it won't open. Did an uninstallreinstall and still won't open. DON'T UPDATE
No Origins For a dech building app, you have to be up to date with the sets. You guys should even have BFZ at this point.
