Purchased game, won't let me play it anymore I got the game about 2 years ago, I paid for it, and now it stopped working today. The game tells me I need to purchase the game again. Not allowed to take back purchased merchandise from a customer.
I want my money back I bought the game and go to play it and it says something about a licensing thing and I tried all three things that u can click on and none of them work...there for I want my money back
Scam Finally beat the first level in practice mode and it tell me to buy another app for the rest of the levels. GTFOH
Genuinely not fun This is a game which will kill you for any mistake. Even if you are just slightly late to jump on a block you could be killed by an obstacle you cannot even see yet and it is beyond your control. There isn't anything fun about this game, just aggrevation
I want a refund I played it like one time and it said something about a licence.
When pirated version works better.... Makes me sad 
It says i didnt buy but i did Wtf
Plz fix i just wasted 1 dollar for nothing Fix this
Stopped working and I have had it for 2 days I want my cash back
Cmonn give me a refund i just bought it today just to play this old game again and see wheter if this game is better than geometry dash but it has this license verification thing and i dont like it because it wont let me play
Geometry dash ripoff screw this
Boring Geometry dash is way more worth the money with the level editor different songs better field of view spaceships customizable characters so.........dont waste your money
Really.. Its sad that one of my favorite games on my old motorola atrix is now unusable on my new galaxy note 2 because of how slow it runs and the lag issues.
Awesome on the iPod But it lags soooo much on my Droid 2. I can usually beat it pretty easily on my ipod but its a lot harder with this lag and the music is completely out of sync. Usually a 5 star if it worked fine. Please update
H Keep on getting license check error every time I open the game. Would give a higher rating if this was fixed.
