Still waiting for those big changes The dev keeps saying big changes coming but all we get is force closes.
I paid to have this app brick two phones Was toying around with the status bar icon changer, changed a couple went great. Decided to apply a whole theme, bricked an LG. Powered up the backpack Samsung it loaded backed up apps, bricked. Messaged Dev couple times with no form of reply. I paid 11.98 on two apps from this dev, and lost 500.00 worth of phones. All I wanted was an explanation and mabey help undoing brick, now I want and demand my money back. Dev is nortourious for 0 customer service.
Down to 2 stars. This used to be my number one app when working with rooted phones. For the past few months the app has become unresponsive, it crashes, wont do batch operations, literally nothing works. I had been using it with the Hyperdrive RLS4 KK ROM on my N915T with little to no issues until the last update, and it's now unusable.  If there is anything that i could do to help figure out the problem, im here to help.
Wont grant root for my device I had the lite it worked but when i downloaded pro it wont grant root i have uninstalled reinstalled went manually granted root permission still ur app tells me failed root permission would like support for device
Apps works but you need to fix something You should change your apps description.  It is very misleading to say you are giving some big upgrades in 2015.  You wrote that in January and haven't changed anything since then.  I think you are either misleading customers or you need to be more clear with what is happening.  If you have moved on that is fine.  But, don't bait and hook people and not follow through.
Most features don't work Feel cheated for paying for a crap. Most features don't work. Phone Always stops responding if I launch this app.
Cant really do the simple things This works but not quite well, it does a lot of things quite well but then you use the file browser to copy and paste a file and you realise that it doesn't work.  Its more of a gamble rather than a certainty that it will work. Have contacted the developer and had no response.
Would be good if it worked Just hangs all the time. Select app manager and an app and it sits there before saying whether to wait, report or cancel. Pointless waste especially for a paid app.
