False title Granted it's a 'pool table' game. But it's nowhere near like real pool. Pretty sure if you, during your shot, bounced off an opponents ball and yours falls in, it's a foul. It's a dirty shot and from tournaments I've seen and played, you'd actually be thrown out doing that.... just saying...
Really bad connection problems Used to love online version of this but very bad connection since recent update. Keep losing my turn and the game. I have super fast fiber broadband so the problem is not on my end. Also the online game would be better if it got harder rather than easier as you progress. Start with the best cue and update to a worse one as you go up a level. Then the newbs wouldn't get whooped all the time. A competitive handicap system
Online game is crap.Once you reach a certain amount of chips.The game starts cheatingonline connection is slow.I'm beating my opponent,the balls are placed back in slots after I knock them in.Gives my opponent the upper hand to come back and beat me.I know people have cheat and hack codes,but everybody don't.I can play a beginner at level onefresh man and they beat me.Connection is slow,WOW.Online pool is a rip off.
Bad levels How can you say amateur level when it pops all the balls in. This amateur level is just not on. It doesn't miss a single shot mxm
Not Happy The game has become no longer fun. It is fixed. The higher ranking you become the more the connection either freezes or says slow and i loose my turn. If you start winning in a game the computer will have you scratch or the 8 ball somehow goes in. I have put English on the ball to go the opposite direction and the ball goes somewhere else. It is total BULLSHIT.
FK off computer cheats angles are off and I'm playing Steven Hendry in easy. Delete
Aiming is the main problem You can't aim like you want to.. ....aiming is not good .....so I hate ....8 ball pool is better becoz of aiming and moving the cue
Seriously cheats I hit my ball in, foul. The computer sinks the cue, good to go. Computer sunk 8ball with several of it's balls on the table, it wins. Not playing anymore. Not recommending.
Bad connection Its very annoying when someone is playing online then the connection is lost and that's the time when someone is on the last ball...so I prefer you correct the mistakes..do something about the connection 
WHAT THE HELL What kinda of update is this Too many ads, and the difficulty doesn't changed What kinda of difficulty setting you give in this game anyway Easy  normal, normal  hard, and hard  very hard  extreme says my nephew  other families. What the fk And the physics of the balls are too smooth Not to mention the game itself is getting more  more annoyying with all this ads thing No 5 stars from me or from other people you've made dissapointed because of it
Targeting is off and very sensitive. ..  I will put my mark and take my finger off and as soon as I remove my finger  the target Move
Cheats on you Some one needs to learn how to play the game, not the rules I grew up with...  And computer steals your 2nd shot...  Bummed out
Ewww 1 your game has many glitches and i hate that especially when it skips my turns or lets people shoot even after the timer runs out. 2 well you have many more bugs to fix haha 8ball pool is better.
