No point Never been able to log in as  app constantly says its shut.  Todays reason is because players were able to buy something too soon. Not going to bother trying again.
Wow wtf  I've already said this from the previous update but ... After i finish a game , it automatically quits . The new update didnt help the bug at all . Please fix this . Im using samsung galaxy tab pro 8.4 ... SMT320
Client shuts down. After purchasing the recent addon my client won't stay open and keeps shutting before I can even try to play.
Dont download.it For people who are young like 16 down dont download or trust this company theres to much Registration like when your trying to get your name make it changed it was fun while it lateted but sadly me and blizzard come to a abrupt end once again I made two emails and still wouldn't work plis they want your parents email not only that but if your email password dont have numbers dont even try to download it cool game bad registration
I can't even log in it keeps saying I need to restart my client and I've already redownload it a couple times blizzards fix this plz
DC I was disconnected from the server, even though my wifi is still very strong, i would strongly recommend this game but it really sucks when you're about to win a game and then it disconnects you and you lose. I really hate it when i work for some something, to the point of nearly achieving something and then something obstructs you from that. 210
Please tell me Why do you putt me to play ranked games with players who are higherbeter rank then meIt hapens 90 of games... But it never hapened that I play with lower ranked player... Hate you...
Poor PC port Thank you for all the glitches, frozen games after someone plays a new card, missed timings and promises, connection issues that cause you to lose a match, having to redownload the whole overweight game after each minor update, and so on. This is not a mobile game, it's a poorly executed port ftom PC, otherwise why does it weight so much At least your card collection is the same between platforms.
Bloated.  Won't install properly. WiFi constantly disconnects. Title says it all.  This is a good game in general.  But the mobile version has gone to hell.  Fix network code.  Make app smaller.  Return to quality.
Would love to try it, but can't even get past login...... Another blizz fail.
The update are too big The updates are 800900 mb that is insane This update was 800 and it wont even open the game please fix and cut back on the heavy updates.
Rubbish. It's generally junk. You developers expect starters to know all of this stuff before they even know what the game is. The turns and the shields are a thing I never have understood fully and I don't really play these sort of games often. I used to play WoW a while back, but I can't fully understand this. A tutorial needs to be added or perhaps a help section in the game where you answer pretty much any frequently asked question about the games mechanics.
