Controls are not working at all Controls are not working, neither of them, buttons ot tilt, also when browsing the cars you can only see the first one  Fix this for god sake  Also it would be better if we had cloud save just saying
Awwwww maaannnnnn 2.0 Update is great thanks but nothing is fixed. Same bugs, telling me everything is only available in full version WHICH I PAYED FOR Getting really frustrated when all I wanna do is play the game. And when the game starts to work, and I go to upgrade, the stuff is unrealistically expensive. 1000 then two then 4. That's 7000 on one part of the car. And there are still more upgrades. What's the point.
Getting annoyed. Bump This game is pretty darn good. I stopped playing Car X Racing for this game because the new version of it was totally different. But now this new update has deleted some of the tracks I have beaten which was previously 100. I understand games have flaws, but a bug as big as that This has now happened 3 times. With each update I lose progress of what ever I have completed. If this continues I'm not playing this again. I shouldn't have to keep unlocking the same tracks.
Horribl service. DO NOT BUY Game was great, yet freezes constantly and due to freezing, I lost two separate payments. One of 2.99 and one of .99 and when I emailed the developers about this I have yet to receive a response or reimbursement. I will be contacting further authorities.
Fun but flawed I can only get a decent score with a slow race penalty. Good game mechanics but this kinda kills it... Drifting isn't about lap times, its about style, technique, and how close you can get to the wall.
Please enable cloud save I'm tired of having to start over again every time I install the game
Don't update New update makes game lag vegry badly, and the menus are not working most of the time. Very unstable. If developers are not doing anything to fix this they're about to loose lots of hard earned downloads and game purchase very soon.  EDIT updated with latest update, still lags and menu still not completely fixed. Play on Samsung Galaxy S6 and Mi3.
New tuning and performance mod option still does not work on my one  one phone.  Please fix the issue and advise I've been playing this game since it was first released.  Although handling characteristics have been restored,  the new tuning option does Not work on my device.  Please fix the issues so It can once again be the best drift game on Android.
I used to play this game all the time before I updated the game but now I hate it cuz before the update I was very good at this game so I hope they change it back hopefully soon so I can get back into drifting
No redeem in app purchases So the game is great but I bought the most expensive money pack ,but decided to delete it for more room on my phone. So I entered the store after re downloading I can not redeem my in app purchases. This should be a standard if you are including in app purchases.
