How do you make it work someone tell me PLZ. This is dum.like it does show it in the screen ,but in the picture of the game it shows that it comes out .deleting it how to get it to work ..please fix itboooooooo booo it is poop  at 927 p.m. i got 1000 lasers in least than 10 min. Not bragging and i disagree with Darren Huxtable by the way i am not dum.
Rubbish Doesn't work it looks like it shows lights from the camera however it does not. I would not advise you to get it. Annoying and it is poo. 1 star rating which I wish I could rate it 10. I think most people will agree with me because of the comments down below. Really hate it. I was looking forward to tricking people. By the way I am not dum I am having my own opinion
Only Rated To Write Worst game ever the pictures might look cool because they show you it shooting through the camera but it doesn't the game is stupid I was looking forward to tricking a cat with it
Worst game in history How the hell is this piece of poo a good game what the hell ar we ment to do just use our imagination and pretend that lasers shoot out of my tablet this game is horrable why would anyone even want to play this stupid, dumb worst hame on history even flow free is better like wwaaaaayyy better than this junk piece.
Hater of everything This is the worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst worst app i  think this is the dummest APP ever
Dumb Got my hopes up for nothing bcause it doesn't do anything if you like this game your crazy it's the worst dont even waste your time really I mean it don't even click the install button
WORSE APP EVER It looks cool i mean just look at the pictures it looks amazing it looks cool but its a HUGE WASTE OF TIME
Dont get it People seriously thought it was rewl but no u had to go put people down just because of ur sick little joke
This game is crap If you want to press a button to hear this annoying laser noise while it does nothing then be my guess if not I warn you don't download this
For all that rated 5 stars This is a terrible joke tricking someone in to wasteing their memory also the joke isn't funny
mmm not shore i don't know if there is anything else that is a great thing about this game its just a boring game don't download the game unless you have time to do it for a while and then delete the app because you don't like to play the game don't waste your time trying to play the game
What was the joke I didn't get what the joke was it is such a horrible game never get this app it sucks it is the worst thing in the world they make it look like it comes out of your camera but it doesn't. They need to fix it but i am deleting it. 
It doesn't work They said it would shoot out but it did not waste app
Such a bad game Darren Huxtable you are wrong this game is so bad it does not even work and I am not dumb
Can I give this no star So rubbish wanted to trick ma sis and like how do u get the camera to shoot out lasers Not good at all 
This is a far t on the app store This is a crap game unity stop making games . You can't make games  . Non of them are good they are all a huge crap on life.
I hated it The reason i hated it is that i kept on pressing the big red button and it shot beams out of the thing and i tried to take a photo and it didnt have a button to take a photo so personally i hated it
Trinity Benitez Montoya I really don't like this game.  It is boring to play with. I don't know how other people like this game. All u do is put  your phone on something  and laser it .what is the point of the game
Does not work Hate it I thought the laser could show outside the camera do not under any surkumstandes download it
Really It meant to shine out of your phone or tablet and it don't. Fix it and I will are it 5 stars okay. Deleting it now it is absolutely RUBBISH
Stupid Super boring.  Hated it . Worst thing ever made by mankind.  Stupid.
SHUT UP THIS SUCKS I WANT LAZERS ACTUAL LAZERS  ANOTHER HORIBLE APP BY THE SAME PERSON AND WHO EVER RATED FIVE STARS IS DUMB
This game is horrible All you can do is press a button repeatedly until you by another laser.
 I have no idea what to do.you press the red button i no but then what do u do . It is rubbish .plz help me.but it is boring and i dont want to play it any more . I am going to uninstall it
Only rated to tell you Everyone, READ THE TITLE You obviously didn't because it says FUNNY JOKE
No This app is dumb the lasers don't come out ta the camera they are on screen
If I could I'll give it no stars This app is terrible don't download it
It doesn't work It won't shoot out of my camera
Doesn't work It only papers on the screen not the flash
YOU JUST GOT TROLLED  The joke is that it has pics that made it seem cool than you would install it then the hole thing would be a rip off. They joked you to get lt duh But I also wish lt would have the lights coming out of the camera.
  It's a waste of time I spent 7 hours trying to get it to work   This is my face after 7 hours 
It doesn't work and wi is it riten teen
Doesn't work DO NOT DOWN LOAD ITS NOT REAL
