Can't open the app It took me a lot of time to install the app but when it is installed it opens and then it takes me back to my home screen Wtf Kindly fix this
I CANT SEE ANYTHING Whenevr I turn the app on, everything thats 3D is just solid black but the buttons are their. I HAVE TRIED REINSTALLING IT AND EVERYTHING BUT IT DOESNT HELP. I HAVE A GALAXY S3.plz help
Can't open I can't open the game on moto g 2 got the message a network error occurred please gameloft fix the bug as soon as possible
All issues returned in 1 update Can't play online in China,Tenerife, sdh and Dubai due to freeze and crash
Can't be open I cant open it in samsung galaxy tab s2, i still have 11 gb left. Fix this amd ill give it 5 stars
Would rate it 5 star If the ads wont pop up in total dark and with no X button to exit them. I have to exit the game and come back every time an ad pops.
 they're fooling Pro kits which I won through events Are not installing, error synchronization failed 1
There is a bug which is not fixed yet I used to love this game a lot but after the New update I started hating it because I get into trouble when my car turns left on its own without my instructions. Please fix this. I still miss my days when I used to play asphalt 8. I will rate It 5 if fixed Thanks.
Love the game play  Adverts ruin it Cannot fault the game however with the number of intrusive adverts it puts me off spending any money on the game whatsoever. Give a pro non advert version. What is it with games and bloody ads nowadays, you ruin a perfectly good product by filling it with non relevant adverts. There's even adverts that pop up when you press pause on the in game menu.... Really
Sucks Keep crashing when playing. When I'm starting the race,it closes automatically. Sucks. Please fix it
Needs a fix Okay, I understand that the Priv has a slide out keyboard, but I want to switch the controls to use on screen buttons like a normal phone, it's hella confusing trying to use the keyboard...
Dont waste time  money on RD, customer Care Wasted most of my money on RD for Lamborghini to get it. When RD expired i got surprize. That car who took my money is now not even in the list to buy. Isn't it great   Try customer Care too but it's also bullshit. Nobody to help
Prices The game nags you to buy upgrades, but it costs so much to buy it because you don't get much money for every race, and if you don't upgrade you won't ever win. Also the cars are very overpriced based on how little your reward is in events, I will rate 5 stars if you increase the cash earning
COME ON For some races it bugs and automatically closes and brings me to my home screen wtf gameloft fix this one of the best game makers ever with this stupid issue come on now
Great game... But... It's actually a great game. Extremely annoying auto playing super loud ads ruins the experience. Another huge problem is that the loading times are almost equal to playing time.
