What The Heck The updates broke the game. I can't get on.
I can't even play. I registered. I have a username and password. It keeps telling me it's incorrect but its not. Uninstalling.
RIDERS OF JERK This sucks it said my email was wrong
TOO LAGGY
Server timeout Wtf  Server timeout ...... i have wifi of 5 mbps ...then also server time out and another thing why i cant name my Viking he says verify u r account on mail but i didnt receive mail at all .....i quit i will uninstall this game now and guys plzzzzz dont download this game its totally a waste of time
Steals your money I accidentally bought gems under a guest account and reached out only to get denied a refund. Sadly I have spent atleast 60 amongst several accounts for each of my kids. Never again
dont work every time i try to enter it writes connection time out what should i do  just first time connected pefect samsung s6 i have new android version
Logging in I can do but the tourial saying that I'm surpose to see an exclaimation mark over Gobber's head and go to him to talk. I don't see anything over his head and when I go to look around I can't move . Plz fix immediately  Then maybe I'll rate it 5 stars
Stupid Membership thing It would be fun if there would not be the member ship thing since I will give you two stars it is fun and all but no.
What's wrong Doesn't load says connection timed out. Then it says downloading New files and stuck there. It also says can not connect to server. By the way my internet connection is good. So what's wrong. Jumpstart please reply.
Will not work Immediately asks my son to name his viking, but will not allow any name he puts in. We have tried everything names, random words, random collections of letters. Nothing is allowed. Whatever the secret is to naming your viking so it will let you progress past the first screen, we would love to know it.
The gobber head excalmation THE EXCLAMATION OVER GOBBERS HEAR IS NOT THERE NOT TO MENTION THE CONTROLS DISAPPEAR I REALLY HATE IT I LOVED IT ON COMPUTER BUT NOW I DONT WANT TO PLAY IT EVER AGAING 
WTF I just made a new acount and when your supposed to tap on the vicking there is no exlemation point and when I try my game freezesplz fix the game is no fun when u can't play
Good But when I play, it's lagging and that's really bothering me, I can't enjoy this game because of lagging. Then after lagging when i'm playing, this game closed by itself. And at the beginning after loading, always lagging then black screen and closed by itself. So I uninstall this game. Please fix this ASAP... This game is actually fun.
it wont let me play i did every thing and thy say wrong password and user
