Horrible First two rides were good and then it get horrible. I got charged a noshow fee for a car who never showed then I got a cab and it took me to the incorrect address and charged me for it just use uber or take anything else besides lyft sucks.
App sucks Won't ever let me cancel a ride. Even when a lazy driver calls and tells me it's going to take him half an hour to arrive, when the app says 3 minutes. I get charged a noshow fee because I the app doesn't cancel rides and I can't rebook with a closer driver because the app doesn't cancel rides. This app SUCKS. So I have to Uninstall the app and reinstall it, any time I want to cancel a ride, but I still get charged. Ridiculous
Theifs Ive only gitten 2 rides that was very close to my house. They both cost 6 were paid for by lyft . Now there was two 25 pending fees in my account that totaled 50. They were pending for a couple days and niw its gone and I have no money returned in my account. They stole from me 
Over charge My first ride was great, love the young lady excellent service because of her I decided to ride again a few days later, however that ride was the worst ever the drive charge me for toll but didn't pay any, and was over charge by more than 50.00 going less than 4 miles from my first ride.  The second driver was unfriendly and drove as if he couldn't read his GPS, because of him I would never use this service again.
Lyft smh Lyft is not helpful to their drivers. Although I love my customers, I cant say much for Lyft. They are like horrible bosses.
Lyft Love I cannot believe how Lyft has drastically changed. Driver's are being ran to the ground
Force close message Samsung Galaxy Note Edge. App does not work with this phone.
Notifications. Good app. Service works. Uninstall because of notification ads.
Simple but horrible The app does what you expect it to do but it's very flawed, one reason is that it holds 25 off your card right when you order a lyft even if it is canceled you'll be left without 25 for the week until your bank account clears the chargers and that's if you only get a ride a week since they do they it out of  every ride you try and take, so it is simple but makes no competition with uber, lyft has many complications and silly payment holds.
