Doesn't work I have tried to play this many times since i bought it and all it does is crash no matter what i try. not worth the money
Farmville knock off This is nothing like civilization for PC. You have to run the town like farmville and pick up coins and food like farmville. Wtf
Doesn't work DONT BUY I play civ but this does not work it crashes after using for 3 minutes do not buy I haven't gotten a response from when I contacted 2k. and i havent gotten a refund don't risk it
Doesn't update live events It's been at least 6 months since they have changed the live events.  All they do is change when the current event expires.  There is also virtually no difference between this game and civilization revolution 1. So if you have the first one, don't waste your money
Game Crashes Frequently I love the Civilization franchise, and this game has great potential, but it crashes only after a few minutes of play. It would a good game if it didn't crash so frequently.
Archers... It's a fun game. I really like the concept. One complaint is that enemy archers can kill almost any of my units when they are defending... they are so op. I would attack with knight armies or even jets and the archers still win. Please make the game more even and especially more realistic.. archers don't kill jets 
A big rip off I bought the game was so excited. Had no issues paying. From the first day after playing for about 3 min you loose control on what your cities production is. Waited 2 weeks for an update but nothing. Very sad do not waste your money on this shame
Crash problem No good.  Always crashes, can't even get a unit built, no reply to my request for help in months.  Don't waste your money or time.  Also I want a refund this game should be free or destroyed as an example... 
How does this have 4 stars It closes out every time, please fix Worst money spent How do I get my money back
Crashes I have been waiting for this to happen for ages This is my dream, to have a decent civ game on my xperia z I paid nearly 12 quid, installed it, played the tutorial and it crashes just as you build a warrior, which is about 2 seconds in What the hell If this isn't fixed soon, I'll get a refund. If it's this broken, why is it not free It's beyond unplayable. update it's now Feb 2015 and even on my HTC one M8 it still crashes more than my girlfriend in her car... Don't waste your money.
Can't play without it crashing Hmmmm, should be able to play a game I paid 15 dollars for.
Sad I enjoy the Civ series and thought this would be nice for slow nights at work. Seemed fun until the game froze on my nexus 7. Okay, maybe it was just a freak bug. Started a new game... same thing probably a hundred or so turns into the game. I was enjoying it mostly up to that point but until this gets patched I can't give it anything better than 2 stars.
