Game Progression Halted by Bug Spoilers In chapter 4, Mell will not break the magic barrier on one of the hills. I can't progress past this point and the bug happens even when I reload the game.
Won't download Looks like a cool game but I've been trying all day to download the game via wifi and it always times out and will not download. Need to figure out how to get a refund
Bard's Tale Can not save my game without it becoming corrupted. I really liked the game on the original Nintendo. I was hoping to get an updated version for my tablet.
Inapp purchases suck I bought talents for 1.99. The save game that I was told had my purchase never came, and you still took my money. Either you send me my purchase posthaste, or I demand a refund. UPDATE Now the damn game won't save even on an excellent wifi connection. Get your act together, I'd hate to think i wasted money on an otherwise great game.
Issue Game works great on my galaxy s5. But I'm having issues in highland park. MELL isn't opening one of the final barriers. Any clue It's an issue that isn't letting me move forward. I'd like to give it more stars, and verifying install didn't fix it
FUN Brought from 5 stars to 1. Great game as long as the save works. Corrupts within the first hour and can't load.  This has apparently been an issue since MAY and no comments from the devs or a fix.  Cannot recommend to anyone until fixed.  Very sad as it really is a fun game.  Get your act together please and fix the save issue
Serious waste of money I had bought in game items and halfway through the game all my saves started to become corrupted. Serious problem with the game other than that it is fun. Probably not going to play it anymore because I was so far and now I'm back at the beginning with none of my purchased items.
I have spent 6 dollars on this game and the file keeps on getting corrupted . so I think I should get reimbursed or someone should make think right
Corrupt save games also... I'm having the same corrupt save game as others  CONSTANTLY. Without a working save game, starting all the way at the beginning again is a no go Terrible flaw Also  I have no idea how to access and interact with my picked up inventory items, it's frustrating...
