Another EA ruined game. Played for 5 minutes, if you loved playing this when younger don't ruin your memories by playing this piece of crap.  Spinner isn't very responsive to you, don't really get a sense of the game board as it only really focuses on the player pieces and couldn't really get a good overview as I was playing.
Garbage Had an issue with logging in on another android device.  Customer service cannot be reached through the email given here.  Instead you are redirected to a site of complaints which you need to BE A MEMBER OF TO ASK A QUESTION  Well done EA.  You have robbed me yet again.  Uninstalling and will never buy an app from you again.
This app is anauthorized in you android device I've been having that error. I hope this game has a list of device of it's compatibility. I need my money back
Ridiculous I cannot open this app on my Galaxy Note 2. It prompts, 'this device is not authorised to play this game'. I want a refund.
Lol Once downloaded... i start it and it say is an unauthorized in ur android device lol plz fix the problem.. or else it is really not suitable for my phone.. im using samsung galaxy mega here...
Not authorized for use on my tablet Sucks, when I open the game it just says not authorized for use on this android device. Tablet z. Why not A game like this is much more fun on a tablet than on a phone.
Absolute rubbish I downloaded the app and it just went black and then back to the homepage. Do not download it
Sad This is a huge disappointment. I expected a good quality game but all I got was a low resolution, hard to understand, boring game. Do not pay money for this.
Boring One of the worst games I have ever played and I honestly feel robbed of my cash
Not that fun I've played this game before on my computer. This one not that fun, no mini games that we used to have on comp. 
Wont even open disappointed uninstalled Terrible download on my s4 and wont even load very disappointed as its a paid for app. Update so it works uninstalling.
Can use it I payed for the app last night and when I opened the app the next day it says my phonegalaxy s5 is not authorized to use the app please fix it
Not Compatible Ridiculous Why can this game not be run on my galaxy tab 3 My device is not even that old. This app deserves 0 stars in my opinion.
Pretty Dull Not very interactive when it comes to decision making during game. You just spin and move on and spin and move on. Board view during play does not show you what lies ahead as you can only see bits of the space in front and behind you. Probably ideal for littlies as it is as complex as Snakes  Ladders but lacking the excitement...
I like it on pc it looks much better I want my money back I thought it would look the same as in the pc version it even doesn't deserve it's price...
This app is unauthorized on your phone device. Payed for this yet doesn't work on my Samsung s5.  Money refund thank you
Mehh It's so boring Paid 69p because I thought it would be worth it. But it really isn't
FREEZES Awful. Playing half way through a game and it froze, had to take out my phone battery to get it to go off. Tried again and same thing happened. UNINSTALLED
So it doesn't work on note 3. Could tell me that before I paid for it Soo stupid
