WTF I would give this game 5 stars but every couple days the characters I buy go away n I have to rebuy them even the one I bought n a package. You guys rly need to fix that.
The controls suck It's a great idea of a game, but the controls suck I can't run when I want to, it either makes the character slide or jump. It really sucks.
Really The controls suck I can't even slide or jump without it glitching and making me fall. This game needs major improvements until then I have uninstalled it and have rated a one. I strongly suggest you do the same.
What I like the show wipeout and this was NOTHING like it The controls suck and all that the game does is make you fail at everything
Don't waste your time Controls work whenever they want to. Waited too long for an update. Uninstalling 
Funish.... This game has some bugs it needs to work out. I also don't like all the in app purchase you need to have I understand you are trying to make a profit off the app...but you should at least give us about 5 free characters to choose from so we can get used to the game and learn to love it....
No fun The game gives you no time to do anything it has a delay and I would never recommend this game to any one even if I got paid to
1 star until fixed....if fixed 5 stars All my characters were erased when I reached 254 star level
Hurrable I hate this game it sucks when I try to run I will fall in stead. and it runs so slow. And my phone is not mest up so the people that likes  this game is so weird. I am uninstalling this hurrable game
Sucks You can't jump or slide when you actually need to.  And nothing like the show when you get knocked there's nothing you can tap to get up you just fall and go back to last check point
Fun....and a nightmare As a whole, the game is awesome. I have a threeyearold phone which might be the cause for some lag the game has. Improvements with the controls are greatly needed as it is difficult to run. Time after wipeouts should be a lot faster because it is stressful seeing your player knocked out for an amount of seconds and finding out they have to back to the checkpoints. I believe the iOS version is a little superior than this version.
This game Sucks I really can't move I can't jump or slide when ever I want to like come on its so stupid every time I tried to jump it makes me jump 4 seconds later don't waste your time downloading this game cuz it sucks.
Good, but.... I have already purchased two characters and increased their attributes a while ago and for some reason, i have to keep purchasing the same characters that i already bought.  I don't know if this is on purpose or accidental.  Not cool  I would like to know.  This would get atleast 4 maybe 5 stars if i didn't have this problem.  If this is not fixed, i will uninstall this game.
Just horibal It won't let me jump and it is too fast the controls suck like literally oh UNstalling it so you better fix it before other people play it or they put a bad  viewon it to
Total junk Well it would be more fun if the controls were easy to understand so I am UNINSTALLING
Dude what the hell Yo this game was great it was a five all the way through was having a great time and all....but since new year's eve all of the characters that i have unlocked have relocked.... That socks like crazy you guys really should fix this like asap.
No.. Just.. No.. Absolutely retarted No offense but the controls, are just horrible and irritating. Definetly needs work... by all the comments i can tell you guys havent even advanced to try and fix this. You think oh whatever some people saying the controls need work.. Well dont complain when you drop to only a couple hundred users. I am never downloading a game of yours ever again Sorry capeesh. Lifes a b sometimes. o3o
Phon joincen shut up because we do not have a bad phone I have a app that will never make my phone bad or slow down I it sucks like I'm pressing up it won't jump it only jumps randomly and just to let you know I'm not a hater ow and by the way I'm talking about the second one the first one is fine sorry
I hate it who ever made it an idiot One I don't like this because it is not fair because our opponent should not be able to just go straight and not play and to whoever made his game is a complete idiot . Plus I don't even think it's fair that we can't even move because my controllers won't let me move.
Not fair I agree with Kaley ray it can't just make u wipeout it's a stupid game it doesn't let you do anything if I were u I wouldn't install it
Too glitchy Most things are blacked out, everything's slow,  and my character doesn't do what I tell it to more than half the time.  I've even tried reinstalling and it plays just the same.
worst game ever this game sucks you guys make it look all nice and cool but it sucks so much
Atrocious Controls Jump and slide work about half the time when facing obstacles.   This makes for a frustrating game play experience.   Would rate 0 stars if option existed.   This game has been removed from my phone
Wipeout 2 This game was so horrible the controls are bad I don't like it I go to one store the opponent doesn't even get to do the things that we get to do what I'm trying to say is it doesn't do the course and he never ever does do guys ever see that I hate this game I wouldn't even give it a one star I would give you 20 but I have to do one stop they should make this better controls because this one is idiot I hate the control whenever I run I slide in and it makes me die
The charecters They don't look cool the controls are hard to control and I never played the first Wipeout but it looks way better and better charecters who agrees with mw
If I could I wouldn't even give this one star,It was loading it would pause then exit to my home screen, so I tried it again, then the same thing happened. DON'T install this, its a waste  of your time 
