No multi player I have tried to connect to a game for 2 days and have had no success what so ever. Great game but I will uninstall if this connection issue continues
Poor multiplayer function I bought the game just to play online. However the devs failed to provide a stable online gaming experience. I struggle so bad to connect or to get people to join to my created gaming rooms.  I wish I had known about this  thus I would not have purchased it.
Cant aim the reticle target I was a big fan of the original pc game but the touch screen controls are fiddly and it lags terribly....I am using a samsung galaxy note 3 but still it seems to have touch sensitivity issues. Such as when i want to aim, it moves my worm and when i want to jump, it walks.  Played the ipad version too and it was awesome. What gives android
Terrible controls Using a Sony Xperia z2 and the tactile response makes the game basically unplayable. Full of lag and sticky controls. Please fix as the game itself is amazing
Lacks some elements I loved this game when I was younger and I would love it now except for the touch screen. Why isn't there and option to select touch screen buttons  Sometimes my characters jump to their deaths when all I wanted was to move them. Please make a change so that buttons on the screen move and aim instead of open screen commands.
Fix the controls I used to love playing Worms on my N64 but the controls on this game are trash. If you move close to the edge of the screen the game bugs out and doesn't let you move closer to the edge. Instead you just jump. Add a virtual joystick. Also, I played my first multiplayer game and every. single. worm. on my team was close to explosives while my opponent's worms were all safe. Good one.
Note 3 Controls are not precise enough to make it enjoyable. Make you feel it is more luck than skill. All in all not my cup of tea. Wasted money.
No fun. Gameplay moves like a snail. Levels are poorly designed. Not worth the 99 cents I wasted on this game. Deleted because it is taking up space on my device.
Terrible. After a month of not being able to open the game it finally opens. Now when I get to the team creation for the campaign it force closes. Way to make a great product and make it just as disappointing since the day I purchased it. Personally, I'd like a refund.
Too hard Its fun, but the game is way too hard, and the AI always use the bazooka, which they 99 of the time don't miss with. I'd love to change the rating if it wasn't so OP. Also, the jumping should be easier to use, I always ending jumping to my death when I try. Nevertheless, it's still a great game. I just need to save up for the PC versions.
