This upseted me a little i had won 2 tournaments and when i won when i got the dna it forced closed and lost my dna and bucks and it was 80 on each one so i lost alot then i did a couple of surveys and registerd even watched easy videos to get some bucks that i lost cause i dont have any because of the force close and i still dont have any bucks from that great game i play it alot but this got me mad 5 stars if y'all could help me out a little here
Lenovo A526 My device is completely compatible and has enough storage to download the game when I go to the play store to download it it goes up to 97 and then it says insuficient storage please fix this.Jurassic park builder is my favrouite game.
Bad update Fire whoever thought it was a good idea to sell dinosaurs for real money.  I used to love this game. I played it multiple times a day and had acquired every dinosaur through patience and hard work. Now I can't have them because I refuse to pay 25 for a digital dinosaur. I'm done with this game.
WTH Where is my park  I have been playing this for a good while now and put real money into the game I also had 64 green notes trex and others that you have to pay for and now you have taken me back to the very start of the game when i was on level 54 with both aquatic and glacier parks.I AM NOT A HAPPY MAN SORT THIS OUT PLEASE.
Logging out I enjoy playing, but the past few days its been force logging me out after a few minutes  theres no issues with my internet connection... and it becomes quitw tiresome to constantly restart my tablet to reopen only for the same thing to happen again. Please fix, extremely disappointed.
Fix the tournaments It will kick me off and I lose the money I put in on the game and still have to wait for the dinasours to come back even if I didn't use them .
Update sucks Really Ludia You interrupt my tournament to place 3 new dinosaurs that you hope people will be dumb enough to buy for 25.00 each Wow. Worst update EVER. Out of all the things you could've done to make the game better....
Things change I used to play this game like everyday as it was one of the best games I ever played. Some days just to collect coins I played it but hardly. Anyway back to the point I opened this game up and it said Jurassic park had stopped so I went of then back to it  and it said the same thing. This used to be my fav game but now I can't even play it. Plz, plz, plz fix this.
Lost all save progress Got to lvl 16 and game would not open, had to uninstall and all save data lost even though signed in with google games I.d. please help only game I play and i wont start game over again, please help and ill give 5 stars
To much storage space This game wants me to delete all my games u need to much storage its not worth it people don't download
The game looks really cool but when i downloaded it, its not opening. I have  Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 model P25100 and when i opened it its showin its loadin i could only see the Jurassic Park gate opening. Then i could not see anything. I could hear some noises but not the video or d images. I uninstalled it thrice and waited nearly for 3 hours and for this game to play i uninstalled 4 apps to get some space.. still i couldnt start the game. PLEASE HELP ME DEVELOPER URGENT
Seems like the only thing the update did was make me have to pay alot more for stuff. Game would be better if I wasnt forced to spend hundreds of dollars to build stuff
JP Not happy with the update. Remove the real money to buy dinos I will not be spending really money on this game. I thought i found a game app worth spending time on to progress... not money
Needs to be fixed Update they did fix the glitch however when you go to evolve a dino the rate is sitting around 15 that each one is successful. It is ridiculous. Defiantly takes away from the game to upgrade 23 times then have to weight 46 hrs to get money to evolve more...   Started and logged in with Facebook but it will not log in now and all my data has been lost.
It wasmfine until... I was addicted to the game until the latest update ive lookedmin reveiws and you have to paymfor some dinoes What wasmyou thinking and everytime I go on the game it takes forever to load but when it does its a black screen and the music nothing else . Thanks ludia youves broken my game and my heart. Hope your happy
Unstable The devs could maybe stop any notification from disconnecting a tournament....  Plus there is no point getting better dinosaurs when all this does is lead to tougher opponents, defeating the point. Glad I only spent a pound on this.
Dojo All designed to make you spend real money. The best dinosaurs  can cost 50. Also battles are flawed and unfair
Bad update I will rate this game 5 star but it won't let me log in with Facebook the game just cuts out and says error I've tried everything to make it work still nothing I've been patient but I haven't played this game since 18th march 2015 now I'm still waiting for someone to fix this problem I've now uninstalled this game as I've given up waiting for help
Can't even open Game just plain out won't open on my Samsung Note 4. Would love to give it a shot but it doesn't even get past the loading screen.
Money. I thought this was a good game until i realised the only way to get anyway us to buy your way through its levels, a game is not a game if you have to buy your way through it, totaly gutted, waste of my app space.
I really like this game..however it is designed for people who can spend an insane amount of money on a simple game. The battles are unfair and almost impossible to beat unless you have money, you will never have enough coins for anything unless you have money, and you really can't move forward unless you have money. You might as well make people pay for the app in the first place because it is useless unless you have a lot of extra gaming cash.
To much storage tooken up Lower data needs please because i would give 5 stars but not until less storage space needed
Several times now I have won a tournament but right before I collect my winnings the app just closes then when I go back into the game it says player disconnected so I lose my winnings and my bucks I've used to enter. Just happened again so I've lost another 60 So annoying. There are so many glitches with this app. Due to this I would not recommend this app as there is no way to reclaim my bucks
Installing all the time I don't know if it supposed to be like this, but everytime i open the game it always started to installing over and over again can you please fix this problem 
Eh The idea is super awesome, but everything requires huge amounts of money and its super hard to get a lot of money in the game unless you pay for it with real money. It costs to research the DNA to discover a dinosaur and then once again it costs an ungodly amount to actually add it to the park. Cool idea, just needs to be majorly modified
