Rip off Fare estimator doesn't work so you won't know the fare until AFTER your ride.
Best Ride Happy to travel.
Price gouging at it's worst 25,000 cars in NYC but you still use the INSANE surge prices Go F yourselves. Was good at first and used pool deals over summer but now there is no sane reason to ever use this service.
No confirmation popup Please learn how to implement from OLA.. Doesn't even suggests the price offering.. For the first time user .. I was lost using this ..
Can't register..keeps saying this device has too many signup attempts and I never did it before
Frustrating Doesn't work at all Both my roommate and I downloaded this app to help me get an Uber for the night. Every time we tried to request the pool it would say that our payment is not valid. How the F is it invalid We tried both separate card and PayPal accounts and it still gives us the same BS.
very bad on implementation whenever I go for booking in non price time it says some problem dialog then it will go for price surge. During rain the avg price surge is 4x dude that is way costly.
Pathetic service Happen to book a cab driver called up and asked which location after knowing the location he said he ll not come and disconnected the call how rude ola is far better if you compare not organized
CAN'T SIGN IN and won't find Addresses every time I try to sign in today it wouldn't find an address and now wont let me sign in no matter how many times I click try again and change my WiFi or Internet source.. Keeps saying malformed request. PLEASE FIX
I am charged without travelling I had booke a cab fro neb sarai to t3 airport. The cab driver said he was coming and just 3 min before the trip he cancelled the cab saying a vague reason that the cab cannot come in this area and also a charge of 100 rs was deducted from my paytm account. This is the 2nd time i am facing issue with uber.
ACCOUNT DEACTIVATED I tried ordering an uber then the app gives me an error saying my account has been deactivated and that I should contact support. I did and sent in all the details to activate my account and they aren't responding. Why do you have to be so slow and poor customer service. Some of us depend on uber.
First time using it. Estimate was 1824 ended up being over 67. I get taking advantage of certain times but almost 70 for a 12 mile ride.  This is ridiculous  I never would have agreed to that had I known. Will never use this service again.
1 star I have to change my review to 1 star for now.  After the update it just kept saying Malformed  Wth is that I can't request service I have been a Uber user for 2 years international and domestic please fix this
Phone getting restarted Your services are great but the app doesn't work on my Xperia l. Phone gets restarted on opening your app.
Fake fake fake 247 surcharge......I used to ride by uber a lot but now they just want freaking money.....now I only use ola....atleast their surcharge is acceptable.....Uber charges 3 surcharge......I mean how the hell do u say that you are the cheapest taxi service if you do things like these....there are 4 cabs near me and still there is a surcharge....seriously
Fck this app I forgot to turn on my location and it messed the whole thing up so when I tried to log back in it wouldn't let me because my phone number was already registered. Fck you Uber. Now I can't use it anymore.
