Getting ready to uninstall Been playing since July. Used to play this all the time. Then they got rid of the biggest winner added new cheezy dice masters and this latest version the suggested 4 game pop up after every roll..once you play your daily tournament it shouldn't be the first thing offered every roll.. Unbelieveable
OK game. But........now seems rigged If I don't buy I don't win hate pay to win.  Losing players that way good job.
Rip off Love the game, but the ads and scratches stop me from giving more than a 1 star.  I paid to have ads removed but still get them. The scratches I have bought never give u more than 2.  I also think u should have a way to stop the people from playing who only do one or two rolls then u make them wait 8 days before u delete them.
Ads galore. Game is terrible. Cheats. Don't take my word for it. Read other reviews. Not fun. Too many ads. 45 second long ads and you can't hit back button. Games cheats on Dice Master Showdown  Always gets a Yahtzee. Ads after every roll. The game tries to sell you additional rolls at outrageous prices. Custom Dice  to get one of the sets of custom dice, you need to play 1000 turns in a day That's over one turn a minute for 16 hours straight What a joke. I would give it zero stars if I could.
Getting ready to uninstall getting worse It is a cool game, but on a continual basis it does not give you the rewards you ARE suppose to receive, such as XP, Bonus rolls, scratchers, etc.   When you beat the house game it changes the house game score, you can't look back at those games or scratchers, it tries to get you to pay money to but,  now I can't win for nothing.  If you send a message telling the Co. what happened they tell you that you did something wrong, or answer something not asked.
Dice masters ruin the experience A while ago I would have given this 5 stars. The actual game is fun to play with both friends and strangers. I cannot support the dice masters. It would be a decent idea if done properly. However, the dice master games are rigged and it's a pretty pathetic attempt to get people to purchase bonus rolls. It makes me want to play the actual game less.
Bug or cheating for cash While playing the computer, it is given more points than possible for its selection. For example, computer will have two twos on the dice. It will say that it plays four on twos, yet it receives 40 points. So there's either a glitch in the game, or the makers are cheating the game in the hopes that people will throw down their money in order to actually make it somewhere in the game.
I really enjoy playing the game, however,  the advertisements are getting out of hand.  I have ads between rounds and even in the middle of my turn.  Frustrating
