Not worth it Might as well get the free version, but neither one works on my phone. Won't let you make key combinations to be able to finish the game. Don't waste your money
Not happy  All  the work I did on my old is gone on my new phone. Is there any way to import my old progress
Won't import and no refund I  downloaded this app trying to remove ads but none of my elements would import. I ended up getting double charged and the app doesn't work correctly. I emailed the developer requesting a refund but was totally ignored.
Paid for nothing In the free version double tapping gives me a new set of basic elements.   Paid version does not.  Free version tells me to pay for undo function.   I buy paid version. No undo function  So I'm asking myself..... for what did I pay
Will not work No import from free version, hints link is a 503 error, txt size can be adjusted only once then never again, no support and no refunds. Pay  your own risk.
Bad It is the same thing as the free version. Only thing is is I cannot import my elements from the free version. Also why would you have us pay to get a game that is exactly the same with no new elements And lastly it stopped combining elements when I got to 388
Fun game, outdated Definitely dying for an update. The controls are cut off at the bottom and double tapping works very poorly. But a very fun game when it's working right. Maybe time for another update since it's been a couple years  worth buying and supporting
Crap The free one was good. .. but there is so many prablems with this... my crap didnt import... only have two buttons at bottom... its been months since the last post... y cant u fix this... plus update more elements  would b awesome. ..
Broken on Galaxy S5 No menu button on this model creates the problem of no workspace clear or settings list. Element's spawn very close together making auto combinations. Undo button is barely visible, cosmetic but didn't have that issue on my S3. Fix and it's 5 stars as I've played it extensively on my old phone.
Great free app. Poor paid for version Love the free version. Bought the premium version only to find every time I have no internet connection,  it accuses me of not buying it and kicks me out.  Not happy.
Import from free version doesn't work... I want to be able to transfer the elements I created in the free version, but it doesn't work. Please fix
Bullshit Fix the import before I ree buy I have over 120 elements on free version and the premium version won't import
Used to be great Bought this on my s3 mini. Now i have a galaxy s5 and can't play it with no menu buttons on new lollipop OS 
Waste of money. Got a refund. Bought this hoping for the undo button but the game doesn't fit properly on my Galaxy S5 screen. Also won't import my unlocked elements from the free version. Got a refund and uninstalled.
Not Importing I love this game so I bought the ad free version but I don't play it because it won't import my stuff from my free version
It dont work When it says import combos from alchemy free it then doesn't import anything total rubbish
Special features don't work I have the free version works great, then downloaded the premium version and can't import or make suggestions to work. Galaxy 5 don't buy.
