What's fun about finding random pairings There is no game here, just try pairs of icons until you find one that produces a different icon. Repeat. There is nothing to figure out, no puzzle, because there is no real sense vehind the conversions.  Looks nice, but there is no reason for it to exist.
G4 Not a fan of the layout also can't believe you put ads on a paid game absolute joke
Installed it, played it later, too late for refund Ads are unacceptable in a game like this. 2 dollars, and you get an ad every few combinations. Would not reccomend.
Really just paid for ads I'll take a refund.
Ads Despite paying for it, I still get ads
Ads in a paid game On no other platform would you get this
Not worth it Refund. Not going to keep a game that has ads EVEN after you pay.
Boring Not much too the game but randomly combining elements ... yawn.
Just boring... Not worth buying or playing
Ads and microtransactions on an already expensive app. This is just unacceptable.
This is stupid Expensive game but still ads... Whats the point in buying it...
Meh
Ads on paid version I can't believe the developers can be that greedy, fist they charge extra for HD and then they also have ads. Asking for a refund
Loved it once I like this one so much I bought the HD  version to.  This layout is good but hard on the eyes. I now see ads. Why I bought it so that it would be ad free.  Plus it crashes every 10 or so minutes.  I  just looked I have both paid versions man was I sucker.
Crashes constantly It's a pretty cool puzzle game, but it's been crashing every few minutes, there are ads in a paid game and why do you need so much access to our phones The company still hasn't commented nor have tried to contact me to fix the issue. They take your money and run, beware this fraudulent company
Not working Game opens but won't star
Failure developer game Awalys stuck
Doesnt work Doesnt even work on my samsung galaxy s3. The elements in the book dont show up
why so much advertising in a payed app please stop with the shameless adds even after I have disabled the ones from the partners.  this why I bought the game and why I don't play pirated or free versions of it. please show business ethics and stop disturbing customers with intrusions like that.
Waste of money I bought this thinking it'd be fun and I'd kill a few hours.  Turns out it's the complete opposite. It crashes every few minutes. I can't make any progress and I want my money back
