Don't Waste Your Time 112515 Minimum bets still way too high for what the give you every 4 hours. Appears they have changed the rules on the Monopoly minigame without telling us. Game board show can earn free spins by playing the slots but I haven't earned any in several days despite playing millions worth of spins. They apparently don't care about the players
I'm not happy with it I had about 13 billion dollars I've unlocked every level of the game. After the last update the game stop paying out. No matter what game I play I can't win I'm down to a little bit of no money. . This use to be my favorite game time to undownload it
This game is horrible can't even load most of time to play it old one was much better..why fix something that wasn't broken..hate this game now..freezes doesn't load or takes credits away..something messes up evertime I have played not once was smooth playing since changes have been made..uninstalling
What have you guys done to this site It totally sucks What is up with monopoly bullcrap You guys have totally ruined this site The bet level is unrealistic and the nothing nothin nothins spins Not sure what idiot thought this new and improved site would be fun I don't enjoy even playing your new and supposed to be siteJackpot Party I have to tell you that you don't even deserve one star Your new version totally SUCKS  SUCKS bad
Great time killer Used to really  like it but now I use Double Down casino... just recently tried it again, it still sucks
Loved the game but half the time it won't load and the other half  is just waiting to Gert to play the machines just don't pay out at the lower lvls
Great app. The slot machines are exactly the same as the casino. Minimum bet is too high, 5 spins and wait 4 hours....
The games doesnt give enough coins to be fun. Minimum bets are too high. Daily, I'm only able to collect about 300K coins which only lasts about 3 mins of play time. I spent one week of collected coins all at one slot machine, finally getting bonuses. But with very very very shtty payouts, I'm talking 50k  100k per bonus which is nothing considering the ridiculously high minimum bet.
Jackpot casino game reviews I have this game on my phone for last 2 years and was at the max level. Since they have updated the game all my games that I open are gone. Now I'm back to were I started.  Also I have purchased quite a bit of credit to open that games now I'm at square one. So any time you updated your games everything else got Wipeout.
Used to be my favorite game. Hate it. Min bet is too high coins gone in few spins. I spent lots of my own money to continue playing. Not worth it n sometimes u don't get the coins. I'm done. Trust me. Don't fall for it. Scam.
Every time I go into the game it kicks me out then I will rate it 4 then fix how long it takes
I used to play jackpot party alot, since they updated, i dont play it any more, i play  glod fish its alot better.
Don't waste your time. Not enough money every 4 hours for the high bets required 
Bull crap Everytime I won big it said there was an error with your spin. Your bet has been refunded. I don't want the 50,000 back I want my 2,800,000 that I won on the bonus.
