Sluggish controls are weak link The game seems great but movement is clunky and unresponsive. Tired of running into walls. Makes this game much less appealing.
A default 2 star from me for any offline game or app that require internet validation. As it is an insult for customer that have bought the game and a major annoyance since I like to play games on plane. And reduce another 1 star for the awful control. I've no issue from other FF games that I bought, but this one is very annoying. Especially there's some mission that is timed and need to be quick. But be notified that the game itself is great.
Working, And Still Fun, But... The visuals are NOT good. The new sprites and environments are fine, it's the menus especially the main buttons are difficult to distinguish, the design is nonsensical and ugly, and it looks very cheap and throwntogether overall. I'm glad the core game still functions, and controls are okay, but the presentation is pretty much awful.
The controls The game is great except the controls this jumping dpad doesn't work for me. And there is no options to make it stationary.
Always connected You need to be connected to play Impossible to launch the game otherwise. Unacceptable for the price You can't even play when you want to.
NICE  updated update This last update today has broken cloud saving  when cloud save is selected at the main screen, the game crashes
I bought this app so that I could play one of my favorite games when on long road or plane trips.  Imagine my consternation when I attempted to load the game while sitting on the runway for a five hour flight, only to find that the game requires an internet connection to load.  The plane did not have wifi.  Onerous digitial rights management ruins this game.
Scrolling bug When I'm in a non world map, the map glitches if it tries to scroll.
Get rid of the need for online crap Seriously im tired of the game slowing down or stopping because of the being a lack of mobile data or internet.  It dosent need that function.  U basically took an amazing game and chopped it down with this so if u want a 5 star rating get rid of the need for signal or online in order to play this game properly
