Can't watch anything I have this app on my iPhone and love it, but this acct for the android isn't working all the movies say error when trying to play them. Very disappointed
Inside out Preordered inside out on Google play but after it came out it doesn't show up in this app only Google play.
I cant watch the movie It works great but it wont let me watch the movie it says disney movies anywhere then it starts to load but after 5 minutes of loading it just shuts off Even after the update I've deleted it then got it again and it still does it
Disney Cost too much. Already paying for cable with the Disney Channel. Now have to pay more for the Disney movies individually. What a rip off poor Kids.
I hate it You have to pay so much money for all of them
Sign up. I really wanted to download this app but there's way too much information that I need to give out. I'm serious, they ask for a lot and when you hit I agree to the privacy policy button, it wants you to let them give info out..what the heck Then its comments, with every issue you have, a robot types the same thing. We would like to go into more detail on your problem, contact us at  like, if I have a lot of problems I just don't download the app. Rant finished.
Can't watch anything on my phone. Account is connected to my Google Play account but I get errors messages every time I try to watch or download a movie from my account. Says Couldn't fetch license error 5000.
The app doesn't even open Every time I click on the app, the screen turns white and the app just exits by itself...  I'm very disappointed I recently got inside out on digital hd, and I was looking foward to watching it on my phone 
So far it's a piece of crap. I set my account up and loaded 1 movie to see how well this app works. I get on today and it says I have no account and my code for the movie has been used on another account. And it's tied to my Google account to which I can't seem to log onto because it doesn't recognize  my Google email. But the movie code is tied to it. WTH This seems like a waste of time.
