Just Lost All my games I had a notification that it was my turn, clicked on it and then it started alerting me I was no longer logged in to Facebook but it would let me post for players on my wall WTH
Too much time to play When you make a play the other person has a week to respond this kills the game. Put a timer on the game like one minute per move and I will give five star's. Blitz is still in testing when will you be finished testing Make a version where you can only score 10 and up, for the real Domino players
Domino's The game cheats it always  has double 5 doesn't add up my scores but adds up its own.the game needs to be checked out. But I love to  play Domino's. ...and I'm very good at it so the cheating  isn't that bad but the game should be fair. ...
THIS IS FREAKIN BS I love dominoes but CANT ENJOY THE GAME DUE TO ALL THE FREAKIN ADDS...ITS LIKE DRIVING IN YOUR CAR AND EVERYWHERE U LOOK U C THE SAME GUY CONSTANTLY BEGGING.                             it's like, DAM STOP BEGGING U SAD PATHETIC BUM AND PUT YOUR BROTHER CAN YOU SPARE A DIME SIGN DOWN AND GIVE IT A REST
Computer likes to cheat It's not difficult to count the possible bones in one's hand. My issue is, the computer pulls dominoes when it has playable dominoes on his hand. For example when he pulls because he doesn't have a 6 or 0, he somehow pulls multiple 6's and plays them successively. What Sounds like the game cheats for convenience to me.
Wanted to like it... Ads in the middle of game play is just dumb. At the end of every hand when someone dominoes is fair. The pace of the game is waaaayyyyy tooooooo slooowwwww.
Could be better... The new update is a little better, prompt for next turngame does not always pop up, it gets stuck trying to load showing 2 small grey dominoes at the top seems to only happen when starting the game from your notifications have to return to the main screen and then it works correctly... It's very annoying Chat works about 10 of the time... Please fix.
Bug... Besides the network always failing.... i have plenty of games that i can nudge, but when i press the button the game does not disappear ever. I reached out to support who never wrote me back, just send some automatic reply.  irritating
Staff is playing and cheating The staff is clearly playing.  Only their staff could reset the playing time.  When a player has not played for seven days they lose by forfeit.  Quinnbeater staff player will lose if they play so they are refusing to play. So they will not lose by forfeit they are resetting the seven days back to one day and refusing to finish the game.
up until to day i gave this apt 5 stars but today who every i play it will not let me play my last Domino i have uninstall it and install it again and get the same dam thing it will not let me play my last Domino what is going on i would sure like to know thank you ...right now 2 stars....i still would like to play if not i will just uninstall it and try another Domino game..again thank  you for your support......
