Not happy with the company. I haven't received my last order and it's  been way over a month now. An automatic pregenerated response states that it's on its way but no one has contacted me to let me know.
Could not check out. Lots of fun stuff here at incredible prices, but how can I give my business if the app can't even function to make a purchase properly PayPal would have me login, tell me Thank you for using PayPal, then return to my cart on the app without even processing payment. Also tried using my debit card but the app continued telling me it was unable to process. Cheap app with cheap service.
Warning you Save yourself the money and time and don't purchase from here I purchased a couple of items and they arrived the wrong size and color. In order to get refund they expect you to spend more money to return it and ship it to china. You can't reach customer service here, it's just an automated system message.
Takes forever to ship and it's been three weeks and I still haven't received a single item...very disappointed and won't be ordering anything else off this site
Check out It have good looking items but will not let me check out saying something wrong with my card, when I check before I even added this app to see how much I have.. I have plenty of money on my card could you please fix that asap
Rip off company If you ever need a refund, forget it, it won't happen I hit the purchase button by accident, canceled the order within seconds,  WISH charged my cc anyways.  Have been trying to get the charge reversed since September.  I will never purchase from any of there apps again
Low quality crap for sale The app is fine but the stuff for sale is cheap crap, don't bother to install it because if you order anything you'll only be disappointed
Very Disappointed I am very disappointed in this, I ordered an item from them, payed for it and NEVER RECEIVED IT I tried several times to get in contact with them and nothing  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE, UNLESS YOU HAVE MONEY JUST TO GIVE OR THROW AWAY
Shipping The shipping time is horrible and I ordered a second time but my first items aren't here yet I will not be ordering again and as soon as I get my stuff I'm deleting this app.
Did love it Love the items and there prices. Didn't have any issues until a connection with paypal has stopped me from ordering anything.
