Menu button doesn't work. Every time I try to press the menu button, I just move to the right. Please fix soon. I know it's not my phone, because several letters used in this very review are exactly where the menu button is. I suggest moving it next to or directly below the map button. Made it to first dungeon. Very difficult to navigate because without menu, you cannot use a torch.
LG G3 Issues Great game but the item screen doesn't work on the LG g3.   Somehow made it to almost the end of the game... Can't equip the armor and can't use the items cause I can't access the menus.  Fix please
Menu doesn't work The menu doesn't work so that will extremely limit the game play for newer phones.  You will not be able to equip items you find or use torches in the dungeon.  Plus you can't use spells unless in battle.  If menu options get fixed, this game will be great.
Force close I am not happy Can't play for mor then a min without a force close. I have dq8 and it does just fine lol
Control issues No way to press the menu button, every time I try, the directional button is activated instead and character moves to the right, game is useless if you can't access the menu to manage your equipment,  please fix it or give me my money back as I own this on NES already, only reason I got it on my phone was to play on the go.
Not functional for Droid Turbo Just bought this and the menu button doesn't work My guy just moves right. So I can't see my equipment or stats or do anything which renders this unplayable. Refund please
Is the game not valued to you Square Every time I continue or start a new game I try to open the world map the game crashes. You cannot open the menu in the game either. It will move your character in the right direction. It is because of Android Lollipop and the new ART runtime it uses. They need to reoptimized the game. I sooooooo badly wanna murder blue slimes...
Lazy project management I was patient at first, because I know new devices are sometimes unsupported by apps right away, but my Galaxy Note 4 is still unable to install this game. I reject solutions that require rooting, so I've just been sitting here waiting to reinstall the game I own on my new handset. It's bad enough SE can't figure out ART support despite being available for over a year. Apparently the Note 4's resolution is just too high tech a problem to sort out.
Needs fixing for Droid Turbo I know Square is pretty thorough  in their testing but on the Droid Turbo you can't hit the menu.  It's obviously a great port but without being able to access the menu and crashing when hitting the map It's pointless to play.  Please fix.
Menu doesn't work Every time I try to press the menu button all it does is move my character right. I can't equip anything or do anything.
Don't buy it you have a LG G3 Disappointed to have wasted money on this even if it was only 3 because it is unplayable.  Can't open the menu, instead pressing it makes my guy move to the right.  Bought DQ8 and it is great, don't waste money on this until they fix it....if they do.
Terrible Unable to rotate the screen, touch controls are awful as usual.  I wish Square Enix would put these games on the ds or vita, for better controls, and screen......
Dumbed down... 650 gold from a gold golem  No Red Dragon fight for Erdricks armor  If you just do a bunch of quick saves, you can have the armor with zero fights... like wtf guys... love the audio redux but as far as the game being altered, you guys failed.  I will NOT be buying the other much loved titles if they are going to be destroyed like this one.  Oh hey, what's this sparkle  Oh, the fairy flute... great...
Fix the UI Game has been sitting in my play library, however the user interface is broken can't use any other button other than movement or use.   Edit after reading back, this has been an issue for over a year and no update to fix the issue.
Menu doesn't work Every time I try to select the menu the right direction button is selected. Terrible interface. Using Galaxy Note 4.
