Wont let me open it anymore I played it alot but now it just says looking for resources to download and unfortunately scribblenauts remix has stopped.I will rate 5 stars if you fix it.
Buggy Buggy on my Nexus 7 tablet. Often has problems opening the game and loading levels. Can't even download on my Samsung galaxy S5 due to a 905 error
I love the game but something is wrong I got the game on my ipod a while ago so when I realized it had come to the android market I was thrilled. I bought it but now it apparently won't install on my galaxy s4, as soon as it works, this will definitely be 5 stars
Don't respond Create an object such as a cow, press on the cow and watch your little character move to the cow... just to add insult to injury, you can't contact the developer. WANT MY MONEY BACK
Disfunctional It won't let me pick up objects without at least 80 attempts.  Focuses on making the character move instead. Terrible control layout  refund
I WANT A REFUND I need a refund the game does not work I mean like when I go to the app it is just blank with a gitch. It slows down my tablet even only if I have 3 games and no longer lets me download apps. So can you fix it creater, or give me a refund, or I will just share it to my friends and family members so they do not buy this game because it is a waist of money.
Nice concept but touchscreen fail on Galaxy note 2014 10.1 I liked the concept but this doesn't work properly the UI prevents me processing past the tutorial first steps due to buggy touchscreen on my galaxy note 10.1 2014 edition. Refunding.
Broken on lenovo tablet The ground and NPCs are glitchy they don't show up properly on the screen and there all over the place and only when I die the screen and other characters go back to normal, please fix for lenovo tablets and I shall rate higher and if you can't please tell me how I can solve it
Impossible to dowload and does not work It might be a great gane but it is impossible to dowload again and it doesnt even work you have to fix the error and peaple who dont have a lot of space on there phone use this message to avoid this game.
Glitchy I bought the first few levels, then I bought the rest of the game. It crashes at least once every time I play it, it wont let me get any gold crowns no matter how many times I replay the levels and now it wont load past level 17. This is stupid. Fix and it would be 5 stars.
TERRIBLE I take back what I said about this game being awesome I have the first and second Scribblenauts games on my DSI and it was way better than this crap Seriously Warner bros HA more like Warner bruhs.  The reason why I am saying this is because I can't even download it. 
Rip off Just takes your money what a RIP OFF and you have to buy everything character s more levels playgrounds uh WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY DONT BUY IT
Purchased levels problem I purchased all of the additional levels shortly after downloading the game and now they are not appearing in the level select menu. Can a dev please help me
