Not worth your money Bad design, dated interface and most importantly does not have even a fraction of the available quizes online. Basically you get a handful per category. You could finish geography category in an hour for example.
No search functionality Cannot execute searches on the android version of this app, so limited to only about 10 quizzes per category.
Clunky Interface I also can't challenge. I guess it's not a feature. This app is in no way a substitute for online Sporcle.
Buggy and crashtastic Doesn't work on Android 6. Crashes on the first screen.
Log in difficulties I cannot log in to my account
Annoying Paid for this app but when I'm in the process of completing a quiz it all of a sudden removed some of my guesses So I was on 110 out of 220 guessed then suddenly it went down to 64 out of 220
Used to love this I always played this on iOS. Really sad that it won't load on my phone. Should get a refund. 
Every time I open, it crashes This app does not open It fails to open, so I always send in the report. If I do get the app to open, the quizzes don't download Can't believe I paid for this I am so displeased.
Keep getting messages saying that sporcle has stopped working. Very annoying. Can't believe I paid for this app. Not worth it.
Waste of a dollar Facebook log in still fails on app every time. Log in with email also fails. Can log into the mobile site and website just fine. Worthless and honestly made me question if the app is even made by sporcle and is just a scam It's ridiculous I can't even log in.
Enhhhh I can't sign in or play offline, and the interface is pretty bad. Thankfully the quizzes are so much fun or else this would be a one.
Its crashing Won't open keeps crashing
No badges No badge display on profile, cannot find quizzes i want
Few quizzes Why are there so few quizzes to choose from in the android version compared to the iPhone version
Need to be able to challenge Quizzes are  well and good but I need to beat friends and family. Challenges are only doable on desktop version. Please fix
Terrible app Terrible app, search function doesn't work, gives you about 20 games in each category to browse through, want you to pay for games that others have made, really all around poorly designed and not at all worth the money they want for it.
Doesn't work No games showing when I open the app, waste of money.
Pile of garbage Half the time you can't check in to play, then it force stops every time you go to turn off the timer. Some of the worst programming I've seen in an app. Ever.
Glitchy and doesn't do some of the best challenges of the computer, keeps on crashing
Most of the quizzes seem several years old. What's worse is the long quizzes make the app crash without saving any of my progress. When this happens I have to force the app to close and open it again.
Unfortunate It's very unfortunate this app just doesn't work because I really really liked it when it did. I had it for 2 days and it worked great but all the sudden it just stopped. The search doesn't work, it doesn't let me create an account, and it has a lot of trouble with loading. If it worked I would deffinatly be giving it five stars. But since I can't even play it without it freezing and losing my progress I'm giving it a 2 and that's just because I liked it when it worked.
