Adds in played version Last time I checked one played for an app to avoid the adds. Somehow this simple idea was missed py developers of this game. Game is fun. I had it for quite a while. Totally disappointed by all the adverts popping up constantly in a PAYED version
Spam Bought paid version years ago. Recent update has brought ads and daily spam notifications. Deleted  trying to find an old version until fixed.
stupid adds If I wanted adds I would have downloaded the free version I mean who pays for an app with adds the only reason I paid for it was to not have adds my advice only download it if you like adds popping up every time you change a level other wise don't waste money
Ads on a paid version I have purchased every Chillingo title on both Android and iOS and absolutely loved this game.  But seeing ads on a paid game on recent versions really blows and is unfair to your loyal paying customers
Ads in a game I purchased. I love the original game, but this is simply not acceptable. What's even worse is that they force the monetary system on you, forcing you to use items in certain levels.
Paid version with full screen ads Don't install this apps because it will only sabotage your phone. Banner ads in menu and full screen ads everytime you go through a level or after you quit a stage.
Paid app So I bought the game yet if I want to advance to the third season without having to complete the first two I need to pay again I changed phones, so I need to complete everything again What did I pay for if I still get ads
Ad and ad I already paid for the game but still ad and ad in the middle of the game. Fix this Better you download free version
Ads in paid version I've had the paid version for a while and it was fine. Haven't played in a year or so and started playing recently. Now there are ads for different games. Great game but don't like the ads for a paid version.
Great game, but what's up with the ads I paid for this so that I wouldn't have to see them
Problems transferring game data I can't get the data from my tablet to my phone I'm stuck on level 1 box 1 on phone but on tablet I'm almost half way through season 2 plz help and I will give 5 stars
Ads ads ads 5 stars if developers remove the ads I paid good money for this game
Ads and popups in paid version DO NOT BUY You absolute scum. Ads in a paid version. I will NEVER buy an app from you again.
Yep That's how it's going to be Ads on paid version You sell something but you always keep the right to change it I know I also know that a kid playing, should accidently click them... Now, I'm left with my disappointment and my right to chose and never buy another game of yours
Stupid adds The game is fun in general so i decided to go with the Payed version, however still show me adds and FORCE me to use items i have to buy EXTRA. If you like the game, stick with the FREE version
Good game still get ads. I paid for it why am I getting ads.
Ads Why are there ads in the paid version of my game I wouldn't have bought this app had I known I'll eventually get ads anyway. It's a shame because it's a fun  simple game that me and my toddler enjoy.
Game broken on Android 6, no support... Ads and notifications...
So I bought this... Now there's a free full So I wasted my money
I paid for the game and now it has ads. Also annoying notifications with sound after I have turned all sound off. It's a shame because otherwise it's a good game
I paid for this game The game itself deserves 5 stars. I bought the full version a couple years ago and thought I'd install on my new phone. Now half the levels I paid for and played before are locked and demanding I pay again for them. Instead of an update to save progress to Google, they delete it and demand you pay again and put up with obnoxious ads as well.
Persistent Ads in This Version Typically, when you purchase the paid version of an app, you do so to prevent advertisements. In this case, the ads remain. It doesn't matter if they're pushing a recent game that they made a full page popup after every few levels is irritating. I see no logical reason to pay for this game when the free version sits right next to it.
Ads Why do I have to clear these Ads in a game I've purchased.
Fun game but... The ads are just annoying for a paid app. I also don't like receiving notifications without an option to turn them off.
Wtf Why did you put ads in this game I paid for this to be add free...
