This App will steal your money CAUTION THIS APP WILL TAKE MULTIPLE WITHDRAWALS FROM YOUR ACCOUNT WHEN YOU PURCHASE ADDITIONAL  QUESTION PACKS.
Rip Wont refund my money
Average at best The 500 music theme is used throughout the entire game, seems like a rushed job, no tension with the dramatic music like the real life game, however graphics look good.   Verdict Not worth paying for im afraid. 410 for me.
Not worth the money After 2 weeks game will not open up and goes back to home screen it's useless.saw a review about answers being incorrect when infact there correct and I agree,some answers have shocked me. They must be picking answers from wiki defo not worth the money and for such abig company like Sony it's a let down I'm afraid
WarningDon't buy any packs Very polished app, but when buying a question pack I was charged then told I couldn't download as the play store was unavailable No chance to refund so I am now out of pocket. Avoid this app until Sony entertainment get their act together. UPDATE  despite emails I have received no refund for the additional question pack I paid for. No response from these crooks, DO NOT BUY.
Same comments as Andy Wilkinson.  Get the question packs sorted and don't take any more money from people until you've done so.
British centred questions I am buying in Ireland but all questions are Brit  centred. Also, when I saw this I wanted to return it and get refund but option was not visible.
Incorrect answers The answers to the questions are questionable. Asked what speciality would a podiatrist be, answered foot, told incorrect, that the answer is wrist The correct answer is FOOT   This game would be good if the answers were correct  Don't download....
This t.v show has just ended after 15 years, how many questions would that be  Ive had this App a week and already repeating questions, waste of money
Crap The questions are stupid and are too complicated, only Einstein can do this
bad this game is rubbish. brought a question pack, payment was taken, but then told couldnt download pack. but i was charged. cant get a refund for question pack or refund game
Rip off Cant get a refund
