Irritating unnecessary wickets  closing the games automatically If we paused and jumping to other apps . Its closing the game and restarting again and some wickets for defence irritating to play same balls getting boundary and wickets too . If u could fix this bugs much appreciated
WASTE.... I appreciate the effort of designing a simple runscoring game but it's meaningless understanding the bounce  which way the ball will move after it pitches. Moreover, why do we lose 2wickets on a single ball when wickets are so important in the game of cricket. The direction to hit the ball is also not welldefined. Couldn't bear the uselessness after playing a few rounds of fairplay tournament  few other matches in the other modes..
Samsung galaxy A5 I have played many cricket games but worst experience with this one....too much ads...
Got a popup that rs100 talktime in mail....but there's nothing in my mail.....fix the problem asap
Fraud fraud fraud cheaters Please don't download please just waist of MB and time fake game fake fake
Bakwas n Fooling Amount Rs 100 not credited in my account. Pls don't download
Sheesh  Thats very bad game I can't play any shot by myself
Its so stupid to continue playing and  tolerate adds pop up over bowlers head and vedio in betwen break and at end of game. I am delating this app.
Fake app You didnot give 100rs talktme on my mail its real fake app....
Fix the bugs Un super over mode, you are supposed to get 1 power shot for every 25 points scored, however, i do not understand the calculation..e.g. I scored 157 points at the end of 5 overs play, however, i still get only 4 power sjo..
Must read abt Third class game Such a stupid game when one wicket falls it counts just double n mostly hangs when u r in good position... n the most important thing is that gamestowin will not reply me bcz it only replies to whom who use to praise unnecessarily...
Haven't got my 100 rs talktime yet
Not too good no 3d effects play only one side controls also not clear
Fail game Same ball gets hook same ball gets leg glance and try to do legside shot it gets offside and boom out always change the script or coding of game
No 100 talktime It said 100 talk time in ur mail  its fake didn't got anything
