Not as expected I couldn't find photos I accidentally deleted a few days ago. They are all gone, this app couldn't recover them.
Its not working i want my money back
Not happy. Fix it plz I would give a 5 star but my HTC desire626s  it's. Not Available
Doesnt work Couldnt restore deleted pics on ga'axy note 2
Only photo retriever Not a single file type is restored except photos and some of them are so hazy, well can be explained they might be overwritten.. but what about my imortant documents like word or pdfs and snote files And btw i was so carefull not to put anything till i restore my files so no way they are overwritten
Could recover only small files Very slow and could only find small . installed it mainly for zip file recovery but it couldn't find big zip files more than 100 MB. That was sole purpose of buying this app.
Disk digger pro Waste of money  Would not work on LG3.
Not be open what's problem
Worth of money I can still use for anything i want FREE version. I've installed it because i wanted to restore one unsupported file but I didn't know i can use PC app.
Waste of money After accidentally deleting music on my SD card I turned here for help. The free version only allows pictures so I had to take a leap of faith  get full version just to see if this app could deliver. After several hrs of searching my entire phone  well after the refund period, it completed  was less than successful in restoring even 20 of the music I lost. Don't waste your  there are several free prgms online which achieve more than this app.
This app is a rip off money I delete my pictures by accident so I was trying to recover it so this app doesn't work my phone got connected all night long but never got results it just showing like downloading or scanned it but never stops so its waist money dont pay for.
I want my money back Doesnt work, dont buy
Paid for full version. It doesn't deliver I deleted one image in error. Searched the entire phone and nothing. Don't buy it
No support for fragmentation Will only recover 1min of audio files... Useless...
Hate it...only steal my money
Garbage Couldn't recover any of the deleted pics but I could recover 21000 pics from the Web and Facebook. Wasted 3 hours going through them for nothing
Why does this not work  Scam
The only Thanks
No major difference than regular version As the title says. I payed for the upgraded version and I'm not able to see anymore previews than in the regular version. It's not faster and it doesn't show all deleted data.
