Nuff Demon Blade This game is incredibly outstanding in every other aspect. What ruined the game is, Demon Blade is the best at everything and deals the most damage at everything, making CrA, CA, and other classes frustrated all the time.
This game is not running in my device i already installed it and wait until that 6 downloading process. But the game still not working my internet is fast but still telling me to check my connection cous its weak 
This game sucks terribly. The deals are terrible. The rewards are irrelevant, and the drop rates are next to nil.... do yourself a favor and move along. I'd give the developers a 7 if it would let me
WTF It wont load... Got stuck at 10 on loading screen after updating the game. What's the sense of updating if u can't play it Please fix. Tnx
Hayss Damn this game always updating and while creating character the keyboard  wont pop up I mean  it pops but lasted for seconds only
Characters are invisible Your latest update broke the gameplay..I can't play any level characters become invisible and auto play is not working...becoming worse game
Stuck After the last update, I can't log in into the game. I keeps saying couldn't load patch data, please try again
Pet Enhance Why is it that when I enhanced my pet using gold, my saved up karats were used up as well Now, my karats went down to zero
Offline Plz make offline this game game is very nice am very play but plz make it offline cz of net am use in game my devices is heat I dnt like to leave this game
Skill Bug Please Fix Skill. I Cannot Level up my skills it always says Insufficient Gold even though I have Gold. Thanks
Update Bug When I claim my items from the mail  then click quests, the quests don't appear  state I have 100 on my quests, plus a crystal claim. Because of this issue, it prevents me from backing out to refresh the quest dialog box. The fix is to close the game  open it up again.
Oh well.... I've reset my phone to factory settings. Uninstall and reinstalled the game. Removed all data, format my sd. But what the heck  Still an error while trying to play the game I recently bought wings and reached level 70. I was really excited and was even planning to subscribe for carats. You ruined everything. You've got a really good game here.. But.. Yeah. Maybe your really gamEVIL. 
Update just made this game worse Guild wars are stupid. Units with 100k advantage are losing in simple battles, can't submit a ticket about it because the knowledge base covers all the screen. the game is even more biased against accessories... I have been stuck for 3 weeks and cannot awaken my unit because of 1 accessory.  This game is a waste of time now.
Ughh..... This Game.... Still cant download patch 119 lol t.t btw... i have a fast internet connection so......
Trash Disgusting. The female warriors like hookers. Maybe if you stopped making this crap, girls would stop killing themselves because they can't look like your images.
Unable to Download Patch update It says network unstable, i just want to know what kind of internet is stable for downloading, its saying unstable network despite using 690kbps downloading on background
Can't create more id Why I can't create ID I never play this game before...give me solution
Why does it say i hacked. Xigncode I dont hack games. I cant play it anymore. My progress is lost. My ign is boxboxzed lvl 66 demon blade
Hmm Why take away 1 of our count entrance in guide battle At least add more time to the boss battle.
Cant play after new update I cant play it anymore after the new update...after tap the icon,my screen go black and nothing happen..it back to home screen
