Way more adds than the average I get adds but this is nuts. Can't even enjoy the game without a 30 second video after each turn
lots of fun I contacted your customer support as instructed and received no reply.  I won't be purchasing any more in app purchases in the future.  I enjoy the game,  but I keep getting charged for content and I don't receive it.
This is a great game but it is 100 ruined by ads to the point where I'm uninstalling. I get you need ads but having to watch 30 second videos trying to entice me to download someone else's app is a sure way to ruin your own product
Ads Too many ads ... you can't even skip the video and they pop up while solving a problem which is the worst time . Good game but not a very good app . Uninstalled sorry not sorry .
Fun but keeps crashing So frustrated that everytime an ad interrupts, the whole app crashes And I've to restart the app over and over again. Pls fix.
Glitches and errors Good game when it works but when playing multi player it continually says connection error and crashes. In single player i was level 350 and when I logged back in I was level 270. This game has major glitches and needs sorting out and from looking at the reviews other people are experiencing similar problems. Sort the glitch and I would rate a five
Frustrated The game is good but most of the time it crashes and just gives a headache while playing multiplayer due to problem in network  or connection problems
TOO MANY ADS I had to un install a few of my other apps to download this game. Started of fun but TOO MANY ADS After completing 1 or 2 levels another ad will pop up. Please fix this and I will rerate this game. Disappointed
This is so not appropriete fir children in the volleyball one the guys privates are dangling out. My little 5 year old cousin was playing this and she asked me what that was. Try explaining that one to a 5 year old without traumatizing them.
Horrible Game won't even load. It says loading for 10mins but never loads anything. Might n a good game but ill never know. Devs need 2 seriously do something about it but deleting since it doesn't work...
I would give it 10 if I could. I made a purchase for coins in the game, they took the money from my bank account but did not credit the coins to my game. DO NOT  DOWNLOAD
