Password and login sucks. Time to delete and move on. 1 because I cannot give 0. I played this game nonstop. I have answered something like 6000 questions. Because of this password nonsense I am deleting it. By the time I finally gained access I've lost my appetite for playing.  Why would you screw up a fun game
Video ads Imposible to play with this f...ing video ads. Waiting to finish my active games and I am deleting this game. Tooooo much ads...
Trivia crack not really add free If you reset your phone they give you the adds again and no matter how many times you try to contact them they never respond. They just take your money and run. Never purchase from Etermax.
Random challenge glitches Using a galaxy s5. Beginning about 2 weeks ago 50 of the time at completion of a random challenge trivia crack freezes. When you shut it down and restart it takes a life away and gives you 0 correct questions in 6 minutes. Fix this glitch
Very unstable Latest update still hasnt fixed the glitch that restarts challenges after answering them once already allows people to win challenges in 20 some seconds and get 12 right.  This has been months and still not fixed. Super frustrating to lose to a glitch.
Ruined by video ads This WAS the BEST trivia game for Android I've ever seen, up until the last couple updates.  Game play is now interrupted far too regularly with video ads which aren't even playing correctly without first having to hit my back button twice, and then hit play just so I can wait the four seconds to cancel the ad.  Such a shame how developer greed seems to always take over, once they know they've created something great.  Uninstalled.
Cheating Whenever it says that you can watch a video to a free life, it never gives you the life after you watch the video. And when it come to amswer i answer amd answer questions and never get character, but the other people they answer one question and they get a character,  wtf is that.
Log in IT WON'T LET ME LOG IN TO FACEBOOK OR MY EMAIL I HATE IT.
OK if you're American Too many questions assume that the USA is your country of origin. Getting boring now I'm afraid
What a Foxing Joke. Requiring people to pay in order to continue playing is dumb. You get enough money from the number of ads in the free version yet you WANT MORE don't you. What a waste of my time downloading this crap.
