Will not work Had it for less than a month and now the screen freezes. It will load but the game never begins the icons just sit there. Reloaded twice same result.
Game not functioning correctly I re downloaded this app because I had previously bought it but it doesn't work on my s4 it blocks out letters so I can't choose what to play makes me very upset because I previously loved this game
Ok I would give 5 stars but I can't see the players body and hair. It's just a bald head with no body our anything.
Paid to download a game that doesn't work. Why is that only certain letters are able to be chosen when playing the game I want a refund. Not worth downloading if you can't actually play the game.
You cant choose letters that you want, it's like they're greyed out. But it gives me the same 5 letters to choose from Kinda lame.. was excited to play this but now i can't  
Keyboard won't show up Can't play anything on this game because it doesn't let me type any answers. I'm really disappointed, because I love this game show, so I really wanted to enjoy this game. I have half a mind to ask for a refund, it's just plain impossible to play. Update just asked for the refund and uninstalled, I can't take how bad this game is.
Too many bugs.  Often the puzzle and the answer don't match or it won't let u select the answer or letters that are correct
Irritating I love wof, but this app is extremely irritating. I've had to turn it off and back on 20 times and I still can't get or to play a level all the way through without messing up.
Too many bugs need fixing Considerimg i had to pay for this game i am very dissapointed in the lack of commitment and care put into it this game has too many glitches in it. Cant always choose letters cant see phrases and other players dont take their turns just some of the things that need to b fixed...... for a game that cost money it serously is not worth it dont waste time there r free ones that actually work
Crashed part way through We bought it to play on the Chromecast as a family. After a few rounds, it stopped working, and we all sat around for 20 minutes while I tried to get it working again. When I would resume the game, the host and a player just stood there, not doing anything, and no menus came up. Don't waste your time and money
Waste of money Game wont let me click letters to solve puzzles biggest waste of money ever .maybe if they fixed the constant glitches it would be ok . I have a galaxy 5 and the game wont work
Game freezes. There were times during the opening rounds I'd hit the solve button and my keypad would not appear for me. I'd have to close the app and go back in. But when I'd do that, it would treat me as if I failed to solve it the first time and not let me try solving it when the letters appeared at reload. When it worked it was really fun, but it's not worth the headache to try and get it to function the rest of the time.   I'm using an HTC One M8. Anyone else having this problem
Really I played money for this and it doesn't even work. Its only showing me on the screen but won't play
Fail........... The game looks good and all but what use is that when u can't even select a letter to solve a puzzle... Complete waste of  until this issue is resolved. The letters required to solve the puzzles are either greyed out and not selectable or they just don't do anything.... Fix this and it may result in higher start ratings.
can't choose letters same problem everyone else is having most letters are greyed out should of listened to the reviews but that's what the refund button is for
Wheel of Fortune It freezes to much and sometimes after I spin the word bank comes up with no available letters for me to pick needs to be fixed
Awful. Game doesnt work on LG G3 I can do the first two flip rounds but after that it freezes or it starts a full round but the word doesnt show up on the board and then it freezes. Waste of money, want a refund
Bad game It's Not letting me play. Once it loads it stops and then Pat Sajak's digitized face scares me with one purple eye and the second eye is regular black. His teeth had always scared me because it looked Like he only Had ten teeth instead of 20. Its disappointing because it looked like my next favorite game when I downloaded it ,but Now i can't even use it .And the worst part is that i just lost 3. I'm disappointed
Letters not avaliable I paid money for this Why is my keyboard on the game all the sudden blocking out 90 of the letters I need to use How am I supposed to play this game I want my money back immediately.
Not happy Wont let me pick my letters they are just blurred out 
It's a good a game but it's rigged, when u start winning and earning money the letters get blocked and u can't pick any             Not good fix this and I'll give a higher rating....
More Frustrating Than Fun Animation is choppy, character customization is terrible, Chromecast crashes, and spinning is constant Bankrupts.  SPINNING EVEN IS BAD... THAT'S THE GAME  Don't spend the money.
Doesn't Work HTC ONE8 I have not been able to finish a game, uninstall and reinstall made it worse. Freezes every time. I want my money back, don't waste your money Complete fail Sony.
Freezing, crashing 1st time playing I thought it would be an OK game based on the reviews and I bought it against my better judgment. Now I am out 3 bucks and have an unplayable, annoying hame that freezes a lot. Please don't make my same mistakes. Pass on this one
Game doesn't work This game does not work on galaxy S5  no letters can be selected to guess so utterly pointless game I want a refund
Terrible Sony product Big Glitches. Freezes up.  Sony is producing such a piece of garbage Give me my money back Thieves I am uninstalling every app you make, and will boycott all Sony products.
