Can't book tickets. The app is somewhat useful to search for routes, but if I try and buy a ticket I am greeted with a Processing payment screen endlessly. Doesn't work, might as well just use the web browser, the app serves no additional benefit.
Booking trip was unsuccessful Wanted info for one way trip from San Bernardino to anoka, Minnesota.
Rewards I bought over 6 tickets and I don't get my points or free one greyhound need better changes and info it sucks cuz they give u all these numbers to call and none helps
Disappointed and upset I am very disappointed and upset I purchased my ticket on my road rewards and It's not showing that I have a free ticket like it said I would and I didn't get any points either for my trip which is very upsetting please fix this
Good old grayhound Can't Login Username and PW info are correct. Can login from as PC  WTF   Can't create new account with same email in use error forget PW link sends the same info I am inputting
No Canadian bus routes for bus tracking available
Could st up my email or password kept saying invad error try so many times
I keep getting error input string was not in a correct format. Um what. Guess I'll book elsewhere.
Annoying They are never on time always late i like the company megabus more
i feel bad depart schedule  from regina to calgary is not good and calgary to regina too...if there's long weekend i can't visit calgary as before
Doesn't work Every time I go to buy a ticket because I use it every 2 weeks it always says so busses available but then I call or go on the web and there they are, fix and it will be 5 stars
Stupid app doesn't work Everytime I put in my location it says it can't be found when we all know Atlanta Georgia I put in an abbreviations and everything the site is useless
Hate the update Its so hard to just look up what used to be a Simple task
Cost more It's less to buy in person
Saw the bad reviews.. Already don't like it...
Tickets purchase. Could not purchase on phone
New York to Denver,co by bus Sunday November 15 2015 at 710am
Downloading fot twenty minutes.
Can't book tickets...
I never get reward points If I book a trip it says it did not go through even though it does. I don't get reward points at all or discounts. Customer service takes forever.
This app is not for Canada Its crap
