Too expensive Its a fun game.  But only for a few times. It would take a lifetime to be able to sign another player or to at least make yours better for that matter. I guess unless you're rich and for what  To do the same thing over again  I see people writing great if you love the game as much as me  that may be true but its much more fun to actually play than to spend hundreds on this game only for a few hours of fun. 'Uninstalled'
Good game ..........but CONSTANTLY crashes. So annoying. Add in the fact that you have a limited amount of tickets you can use on the HR Derby and it becomes maddening.
1 2 3 strikes ur out Tried 3 times to play and it won't open this sucks. Won't install it ever again
Don't waste your time I really wanted to like this game but you only win maybe and I mean MAYBE 1 out of 10 times even buying stuff
Rigged Cool game EXCEPT that in multi player mode were they start out with 23 minutes minus the 5 minutes you are supposed to get and then already down 37 home runs down to a opponent higher leveled than you with no chance to win at ALL. ..Then the pitching when you get on a streak or the 2 minute mark of match becomes impossible to hit IMPOSSIBLE, RIGGED, RIGGED, RIGGED. ..WASTE OF TIME
Can't do multi player vary up set Won't let me play online if i could I would  give 5 stars please fix
Like the real thing  boring This is just like watching real MLB, long, boring pauses between action. Takes 30 sec after a round to calculate my score and awards Uninstalled. Great idea, but not worth the time.
Ripped off Rated 1 star because I finished first in a multiplayer derby 43 total HR using 3x coin bonus, but got zero rewards for it.  Will increase rating when I'm given my rewards.  EDIT Never recieved any rewards or response from devs about being ripped off. Not worth the long term commitment.   Uninstalled.
Crashes whenever an ad runs Game is great, yet when you go to double your rewards, the game crashes. The next several attempts to load the game after that crash as well.
