Slots not paying out 1122 Noticed while playing Farm Slots, a very obvious win 4 white cows payed out nothing.
Sucks but they're right I gave it every chance and can't afford to pay out of pocket and as cute as the games may be, you just can't win enough to keep them. Hopefully one day you will get enough complaints that you might actually do something about it.
WARNING NO LONGER THE GAME IT WAS, RUINED BY SCIENTIFIC GAMES  They changed odds of winning. Low payouts, bad odds, free spins are rare now and don't pay out, most spins pay nothing, if you do win it's usually less than what you bet..making it impossible to get ahead. Just designed to get you to buy fake coins that YOU WILL LOSE   A lot of popups to buy coins, that should tell you something.  Greed took over, COMPLETE RIP OFF.  Quite possibly THE WORST SLOT APP ON GOOGLE PLAY.  DO NOT DOWNLOAD
I keep losing all my points.today I lost over 5 million points without playing
This is a big RIP OFF Another player Jim F is exactly right and I agree 1000 nor am I getting paid in anyway for reviews. Site used to be a lot better not much tho. These people are exceptionally greedy with coin packages 2.3mil for 99.99 USD that is 50 per million which is ludicrous do they really think people are that dumb. Hopefully this site goes down for good. Just save yourself the time and don't even bother to DL this worthless app
Why putting this game worst If you are starting now to play and you are convinced that it's easy to do a 5 in a row, forget it Too much loosed tries it's common with Dragon. It's easier to win with the Estoril Cassino sloat machines After the last update became worst, now you don't win nothing with 3 or more scatters.
Annoying notifications  sound problems FIX THE SOUND Even after numerous updates, this app continues to send annoying notifications even if you turn them off in the settings. Also, there are still problems with the sound in certain individual slots. Last but not least, this app was better when it had lobby music.
RIPOFF Ok as I am considered a VIP player on this app, the reply from developer should be a pretty good indication of what your in for with this game. I have purchased enough to know that what use to be a pretty good slot has become excessively greedy. I don't mind supporting an app but this one keeps getting worse.
Extremely greedy site payouts insulting It's only goal is to get you to spend real money as quick as possible, DON'T PLAY 
Don't waste your time You have to level first game few games so boring not worth leveling
Can't load games Keep receiving download error when selecting any slot to play
Disappointed Again a slot that doesn't pay out, not spending money if it can't payout. Bummed because it was fun while it lasted.
For 50 days i have been playing this game and never once on my hourly spins have i gotten more than 1x.  That a joke
Grr Been trying to play this slot for a whhhhhiiiiillllleeeee and it keeps telling me downloading error. Fix please or I will uninstall AGAIN
Crooks... Fun game, for the 67 seconds a day they let you play. I'm not paying for your steak dinner Dipshit owners
Dragonplay will not let me in to play or update.
Giving free spins When i give free spins or points they dont register.
