Not good at amateur level It feels like i am not playing the game but watching Mr v.gargi computer  play it best shot. At amateur level players should be given more opportunities to play rather than Mr. v.gargi  the computer .
Great game but... Keeps crashing after a few minutes of playing. Please fix this  Phone HTC One M8
Computer performance is high, the game is not good to play at all, imagine the computer break the game and continue porting the balls till it port the black and finally told me that i am defeated, without me playing even a single shot during the game. You guys should reduce the performance of the computer so that the game attracts additional turn, for now it is not encouraging.
Good but..... This game is great visually but there are something's that make me wanna uninstall this app. First,setting the English is just horrible that icon is so small it takes forever wish you would make the cue ball expand when setting it. Second,the online play is boring seeing as there is never anyone around to play wether you create a game or not. Last tournament is vs. Comp not real ppl. I'll give it a lol more time b4 I uninstall
Unfair Computer Players Everytime i play this game if i miss one shot then the computer magically makes every single shot and when it takes a shot the ball glitches through mine and makes a shot that nobody could make and clears the table before you even get a turn its dumb
Rules The rules make no sense.... u cant move the ball all over the table and or shoot behind the second diamond and if i miss they get to move the que Never heard of such rules and hitting an opponents ball in to hit urs in is apparently a foul too All the pool ive played ive never heard such junk in my life...am i wrong or have i just been playing pool the wrong way for years
We want money we need money OK first off, the advertising is rediculous and is constantly moving ruining the game play. And then the whole needing to press a chalk button which leads to needing to pay money to play is just one of the most idiotic things I've ever seen on a mobile game. Whatever software engineer or developer who thought of that is costing your company thousands of potential users. Took me about 2 minutes to uninstall this games pathetic. Download 8 ball pool much much better
LIED about how much space it uses Claims only 47.61Mb But, it actually uses 101Mb in total and 45.56Mb are stored on your SD card And you don't get US regulation 8 ball or US 9 ball without buying the upgrade It's fun I just don't like the fact you mislead users on amount of total memory used And that on a day one download I could not play the two games that I only downloaded it for I know it's only 4.35 for the upgrade but its still very annoying
Three balls in  crashed Set up a quick play game  sank first three balls, then screen closed  game crashed. Won't restart now.
Memory error message Keeps crashing after a few minutes of play. Very Devil
So So Could be better if they didn't charge you real money to play the Tournament level. Crap I think.
HATED IT You can make it a little easier. You have to tap this and tap that. Way to confusing.
Pop up ads are annoying It can be A bit distraction at times because they are displayed on top. You can't COMBO a shot it has to go in order no matter when playing 8 ball. Makes no sense
Not worth the time Aiming is poor at best miss cue due to chalk is dumb
Very annoying ads Really bad erittating and annoying advertisement popups
