Way too many ads. At least give me three turns before running an ad...not after every death or pause....really.
Dumb game. Doesn't  even go to home screen or anything like that. U just keep on falling or sit on a cliff for ages and u have to press restart every time u die. Also way to many adds it should at least let u play 34 games before an add comes on. The whole game is practically a waste of time.
Not running Game is looking good by graphics but when I started playing after few seconds it shows. ..Unfortunately game is stopped...Solve it..
Total poo Don't waste your time on downloading this game total rubish
good but there is problems when I start to drive it in the highway the game stops please fix it....if you fix I will rate 5 stars
Time waste One of the worst game ever played just uninstalled it, game crashes always better don't install this its absolute time waste. Google play store please don't publish these kind of games hereafter.
Bugs The road is displayed on top of all the other graphical elements. It looks like your bus is submerged while traveling. Have you ever tested this
The Bus doesn't care I just crashed that bus into mountains and railings. It made of super durable material. Plus the amount of ads make it impossible to enjoy whatever of game is made. A scoring system would be a bit more fun.
Bus goes invisible Doesnt evn show the bus. What i can see is just the road and a very very small portion of the bus with which i cant even judge where is the bus going . I chngd camera modes i was not able to see the bus in any of them
Poor game standards This game at first sight looks way cool....but the game itself sucks......the game itself cannot be paused because it plays itself....pliz don't download this
In graphic it look very good but when we start playing the game suddenly it shows unfortunately game has been stop....
Just awful Poor detailing, pathetic controls
Crash crash crash..... Its cheat . Its getting crashed when i start driving. Loss of data... Dont fool people by making them download such a big size game...
Worst simulation ever played  The photos are given too good but the game really sucks  Once installed the poor quality of game is displayed as soon as you start playing
Boring Games The sound is good but boring  Dont install this app.. Super BORING 
Dislike Total waste of time. Too many ads. App exits all of a sudden without any reason to. Tried lots and lots of times but the result is the same. Guys go ahead with pretty other work to do rather than downloading this one
The worst app.. After opening the game for  just 1 min.. Its showing that unfortunately its stopped.
Stops Pls don't play because u really can't play this game It stops every time I open it .do u have some virus or somethin in this game
Dumb I do not dig this I hate the adds they get annoying that's why I hate this game
Just.... It stopped when I installed it . it's controls don't work .   I am very disappointed with it
HOW DO U GET ON THIS GAME I CANT GET ON IT ALL IT SHOWS UP AT BEGINING IS A HUMAN FACE A QUESHTEN MARK AND A LITTLE FREAKY SIHN AT THE VERY FRONT OF ALL I HATE IT I WILL RATE FIVE STARS IF U TELL ME HOW TO GET ON OK THX.  
Have to make it much better fr more download...make something differert ...no graphic and too much ads
waste game wont work.. dont download tis game..my bus just move n game will not respond..ask me to report..
Keeps crashing 10 seconds into the game and suddenly it says something like bus simulator has stopped
Horrible Whenever I would go at least 10 seconds into the level it would kick me out and I would be at my home screen. Also whenever I would run into something the same thing happens. FIX THIS
Not so good Not. Working proper
Sorry for rating 1 I am not finding 1 here ...really worst dont go for this
Stupid Game Some people are just super stupid
