Won't open Yet another game being offered in order to earn rewards in other games that will not open. I am getting a little tired of this. I may need to find comparable games with other companies.
Disappointing The graphics are great  all,  it's very different from the first one, but but 7 of my gems disappeared, the limit on chairs  tables is ridiculous  it's too difficult to upgrade your storage.
Why can't I play the game any more I would give this game a 5 star...because I was able to play the game...but when I got a new phone and tablet last week, and went to download the game again...it keeps telling me it forced stopped and I can play the game now and I've spent money on this game for more gems and coins ...and now I feel like I've been ripped off. Gggrrrrrrrr
Disappointing It could be a good game, but items are too much expensive and it's very slow to expand.
Needs to work better on newer phones Previously loved the game,  but when I upgraded my phone to a note 5, the game no longer works.  Extremely disappointed.
Dissatisfied I want to play this game cause I feel it would be a good as the other one... but as soon as I go to play it, it won't open. This makes me very frustrated and disappointed.
Won't upgrade I've upgraded my meat factory several times and it freezes then kicks it back to before. Why won't it stay Going to delete cuz I'm only on level 8 and this shouldn't be happening already.
Could be better I really like this game,  but there's s few annoying glitches. My butcher shop wont upgrade even if I have all the material. Once I upgrade and click out of the butcher shop the screen will load for 4 seconds and my upgrade didnt go through. Also, some of the goalsquests won't finish even if I did finish
Every time I get out of the cooking screen your ad pops up telling me to try other games run by you and link it to my account.  Get rid of this annoying useless ad and stop trying to push your other games on me.
Fun at first but lost interest really quick. Well I played for 1 month now I'm stopping.  Takes 2 long to get ingredients. Ovens, Delis, etc cost too much.  I thought I had patience  but this game isnt interesting enough to keep my attention.
Lag and loss Almost every time I play this game it will start to lag. It will refresh itself but whatever I put to cook is gone. Every time I'll try to go buy the ingredients again but it will register that I already did. So I'm out the money I spend for the foods and the foods themselves when it lags. This is getting irritating.  I love this game But this needs to stop and soon. ... getting really tired of losing everything I go to make.
It's slow, lagging. It's ridiculous that furniture prices go up to have more. Too expensive, people lose interest and patience. Graphics are totally fine though. Update it so that it becomes like Bakery Story 2, and I'll play it.
I would rate this app 5 stars as well, but for some reason it stopped working and it has been months since I have been able to play. Ridiculous.
Uninstalling Cute, but have same complaints as others. Items too expensivefood times constantly increase, goals ridiculous to obtain. I'll drop a few  every now and then for things, but refuse to let a game become a cash cow. Long time Storm 8 player, but they really need to remember that this is a form of idle time entertainment, not something MOST people will dump hundreds of dollars on. That's ridiculous.
Has potential I really like this game but im getting fed up with the meat shop not accepting the upgrade which means i cant try new recipies. If it doesn't get fixed im going to have to delete as i think its unfair for me to use all my gems to get ingredients that i cant get due to the upgrade not working 
Unfair Try using an Apple device using your account from an Android...they have 0 refresh time on basic items...cheese, bread and eggs cost 0 gems to refresh immediately...that's not fair that it is 2 gems to refresh those when they refresh in under a minute...not cool storm 8...make this right...or more pople will rate this with fewer stars...
Hard to navigate The way restaurant story 2 was made had better navigation, it's useless to have better graphics if it's harder to navigate around.
Keeps saying I need Internet service when I am right in the middle of the game. I have full Internet. I can play other games on the Internet but this one keeps booting me out. Fix the problem and I'll 5 star
Problem Gem lost I accidentally click buy gem for 2,227.05...... my problem is i never received the gem and my carrier just texted me about the charges i consume. Please help me. I just want the gems i should receive. Thankyou very much
Glitches Upgrading ingredients do not stay upgraded. I have now upgraded  the butcher shop about 15 times and it's not sticking. I would give the app a higher rating if this glitch is fixed
Not earning money Any time I open the game or go back to my restaurant after visiting neighbors, I do not get the sign that says, Welcome back You earned . I have full counters with up to 20,000 servings and I cannot earn any money. I have to keep the game open all day to get money. Fix this please. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times. I have checked to make sure my phone and game are updated. What is the point in playing if I can't get rewarded
Does not work on galaxy note 5 Game worked fine on my note 4. Keeps crashing now that I have my new phone. The game doesn't even show up in the app store on my tablet. Fix it please Used to be 5 stars....
Doesnt even open Game downloaded to complete rewards on another game but as soon as it loads it shuts back down again.  Tried reinstalling 5 or 6 times and still the same.  Absolute rubbish
Needs serious fixing Every time I level up to level 8, it will crash and I'm back at level 7. When I see the tomato being cut animation, I know I'm screwed. This happened at least 10 times. I loose everything  I did and I have to do the same thing over and over again to level up and end up back at the same level 30 seconds later. I've tried restarting the app and my phone to no avail. I'm deleting it after this and I totally don't recommend it.
Issues Not compatible with Tab S can't even download and instantly crashes on startup every time on Note 5 even after the update.
