The other engines should unlock 1 by 1 as you get the Trophies.  As a child app and 1 of the favourite characters you should not have to pay to unlock the levels and play as other engines
Typical big name teasers Having to buy other trains big disappointment still  my boy loves Thomas gets tired of it fast. Would be nice if you could win or earn coins to purchase other trains and tracks.
The ads on this app make my child cry, literally. This increases my stress level, now I'm not happy. You added an ad as it loads up this is the worst.  Just have a trial then if we like it we buy it. This is just terrible.
Thomas Its so nice game but...we can't unlock stages after winning the whole trophies we can't even unlock  levels we need to purchase for it and any fool would be there if he waste his money in buying tracks and engine so pls do not download this game its of 77 mb and a fake.
To soon for payment. Its a good game but not worth the time to download it, as after 5 races you got to pay To continue. So unfortunately its 1 star from me. Shame really as my boy loves thomas
Sorry not buying it If it's free it should unlock new levels as you pass one. It's lame to have to charge  for basically the same game with different characters
Ok game You have to pay to get any other engines other than Thomas. You should get engines as you get trophies. That would make it be a good game. Other wise it is 2 stars.
So bad worst game every seen Me and my brother have played with the same train Thomas fora long time but though we win wecan'tunlock the train its saying buy Percy pack and blah blah my  brother is Always disappointed and he got bored and now is not playing the game. Fix it if u did i will give it 5starts its a child's app so they're should be no purchases and that to cope the characters not at all fair worst game ever seen
My son liked it while it lasted and is hoping for more trains to be added maybe even another 10 dollar pack with new trains he loves thomas and if there was an update or new trains added id be happy he was happy so please at least think about it maybe
Bad You have to buy other train there is no option to win it or make career u just play with Toby against toby
Kid loved the idea of the game, the in app purchases are a little much. Having to buy every train to unlock them..I give it 7 out of 8 frowny faces kid was so excited but got bored of it fast only playing thomas
Not worth A simple pushonebutton game is not worth 10 ever. It's not even clear whether or not the ads will persist if I pay. I'm certainly not going to buy a game and have my time wasted with commercials as well.
Would be nice if there was a way to get engines unlocked which do not require payment.  Very frustrating to explain to a 4 year old that the other engines cost money
i hate a lot i didn't saw these type of stupid game in my life ...this game is waste...in this game we have to purchase all trains ..
My grandson likes the game, but there seems to be no way on my phone to stop him being able to buy other engines without me noticing  Unfortunately I will probably delete the App because of this
Whorst game ever This case me 180mb waste and time.. For downloading this game..all we need to purchase..
Good game but...... I cannot buy anyone only Thomas is there
Ads Intrusive ads remain even after paying for all the extra characters. My son can't be left to play the game on his own because of them. Terrible.
sux it doesn't unlock the other engines only Thomas is free to race then to use each n every other engine u gotta pay for each one, this ain't a game it's about money
Every thing  cost This is ridiculous. It's a child's game and you want to charge to tap a button with a different player... No
Free Total rubbish, waste of time and game far too simple to spend money. Just plain parent robbery as 2 year olds dont understand money. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
It's a pile of rubbish why do u have to buy the next trains is beyond me for a child's game it's rubbish
Gramg says... What is the age level focus  How does pressing a button in rapid succession improve child  development  Are puzzle placements encouraging winning or success
