Confused I just bought the full version and it doesn't have little clip at the start of the game that's my daughters favourite bit why would the full version have less content
Really irritating It's very unfortunate that I'm going to be deleting this game, it's fun, but I purchased it, and yet still have to buy new episodes to continue playing That's bs. Don't purchase this app unless you plan to pay 99 cents for every adotional episode.
I like the game but When I hit the hint button it crashes the game. No popup it just closes the game completely. So I cant have any hints. LG G4
Underwhelmed The fact that you have to purchase additional episodes is galling, especially after having already paid for the game. What is more frustrating is that the game, even as paid for, doesn't completely work. I have tried everything to play the first Pluto level and it still doesn't work.
Can't install paid version Free one worked fine ,  but I couldn't install the paid one.
Not worth it First you have to spend money to buy the app. Then you have pay for different episodes and if you can't pass a level then you can't go on. And worst if you don't like the game you can not get a refund
The hints are torn off the app Any time I press on the hint button the app is t.off for me but the hint Sims like used. I payed a money for new hints and the story is the same.
Paid 2 unlock full version,  where's my game Don't buy games very often but not happy I haven't received what I paid 4
Buy the game, pay to play Very disappointing that even after having paid for the game, you have to pay to play additional levels. I'd understand having to pay for items that help etc but not too continue playing. It's a joke to make people continually pay just to keep playing a game they have already thought they had paid for.
Crash Central Another update and still the additional levels won't load.... No chance of buying the latest episode until they do...
This was not as expected I should not have to pay for the next levels and it's still has bugs beware.
Poop Compared to Where's My Water and Where's My Perry, this game is uncreative, unimaginative, boring and insipid. Not worth the 0.99
Won't load I bought the game for my kids kindle and it loaded fine. Well it was so much fun I tried downloading onto my phone and it won't load
It only gives you half of the game.
Couldn't download I tried and it wouldn't let me now I can't get a refund
mickey hate it the game asks for the age of the child playing, then the games are  too advanced for a four year old. Then when the child is able to figure it out and get the water to where it needs to go, it shows that it the water meter is full but makes you play the game again. frustrating, when you pay for something  your child can't play it
Where's my mickey keeps closing when I go into play it.
Just bought the full version. And it won't download it  keeps giving  an error message. Once I  can get it to download and install. I'll give a better review
The game wont work every level has frozen 
