Constant crashes Don't bother with tournaments, as bonuses tend to crash to desktop, with no explanation, no error message. In one 32 minute play, I had it CTD 5 TIMES All on 'bonus' rounds
Bonus doesn't pay out While playing playing Zombie slots, the bonus hit numerous times and doesn't pay out which is really disappointing.
Could be good,  but there are a few glitches I have experienced trouble gathering bonuses and wins.  I will get booted out of a game just as I win and the win amount is not credited.  I have had the game freeze while I am trying to collect gifts,  and upon reset,  neither the gift or the credits are there.  I have written support and will update my rating when I hear back.
On my bonus wheel it spun but did not give me my coins. On a lot of the games i hit the bonuses and they do t give them. Been playing a long time it keeps getti g wors
Not usable on LG G4 Tried running it. It's too big for the screen, so control buttons are not available. Hope this gets fixed soon.
Unicorn DiscustingOnly 1 free set of scatters 20 plus mil gone What is up with these games I haven't had any scatters  or bonus for a few weeks now grrrrrrrwell its been a few months now since I played the unicorn game and that was only because it's the special game ceasers is advertising and only 1 set of scatters Wtf so dam frustrating not having any bonus not mention very limited scatters
easy rule for me its easy, i install it, play it. and if i broke i just uninstall the game. why must thinkig too much and why buy the coin with real money you are so stupid if using real money to buy coins, better go to real casino
Foxtrot Follies 111815 placed 3rd on tournament at 630 am.  Didnt give coins won,  several, SEVERAL times would not give credit for haveing 1 column of wilds and two columns of matched objects.  When I tried to find where to reach support there was no place but here to file my problem.  On page where the button for support goes  no where.  Really enjoyed playing this app till now.  But  now disappointment.   Especially when was doing well then it was dropping credits then award
10 times I've tried to get prize an it always a state error try again .when I do it states miss ur gifts really can u guy send my gift back
Omg Keeps crashing  Even right as I hit spin on bonus wheel and then I went right back and it wouldn't give it to me Payout sucks if you really get one.  I only downloaded this for another app I was messing with to get points or whatever but I didn't even get credit for that. Deleting it
Unhappy I bought some coins and I have not received them so can you please put my coins on there are credit my money back to my card. I did one for 1.99 that I didn't get and then I did another one for  .99.
The Screen for Caesar slots is too large on my LG G4 and you can't collect or anything I've been playing Caesar's for quite some time now I hope you all get the problem fixed soon
What happened  Why did you start me over,, back to level 1,, after months of playing,,That's shady, Down, right dirty, , when you, have 'playing been , playing months, ,, and working your levels, ,,I think I'm gonna uninstall, Now I'll make sure everyone knows this.,you scammers
I normally love this game Not happy. There is a glitch. Every time I go into it to play it says it has stopped working after one spin. Please fix. Very frustrating
Loser boards I saver and save, I get new players and I click on post. When it comes to play I get nothing but loser boards, getting ready to quick then game
 Was fun for bout 3 days tight machines and bonus sucks and NO I won't buy coins never will  Uninstalled
Froze on my bonus spin and never gave me squat. Took me from 150 mil to 6 thou over night with no warning. At least I got that back.
Consumption  Only play on wifi or unlimited internet as this game uses about 1 gig in a couple of hours of play  If you only have 1 gig of internet each month then do not play this game 
Not a great game at all... delay on every game and crappy wins. Uninstalling ... not worth it Better games out there so don't waste ur time
Ahh Well it doesnt gives any chance of wining somethig. Useless to play. And usles to pay real money
I don't like your contest, I should've the option of whether I would like to participate. I played the max and still didn't make it to number one. I started at one but ended up number seven. Don't like the side game to the left of the screen.
Crashes or doesn't load to even play This problem just started but everytime I go to play it just stays on the home screen, I tried to delete it and download again and it's still not working  Very frustrating
Suck You can thank Fb for your low score, I'm doing good in the jackpot game  Fb screws up I lose my chance. Till Fb can get it right I'm done. Not wasting my data.
