Fix my account I had to re download the game beacuse I couldn't get the update to download I signed into the game with facebook after re downloading the game an my hard earned work is gone..... lv 61s back to lv 1 please fix my account an I will continue to play and give it 5 star rateing
Don't download Makes phone super buggy after opening the game a couple times randomly closes tabs on the Internet closes other games slows the phone down this is on the Samsung galaxy s5 active
Must Read Review Lilith games company are money grubbing .. They are suing Ucool because Hereos Charge is a million times better and their game sucks. So if you want this kind of game, go with Hereos Charge
HELP... Hello....I purchased the monthly diamond but it keep telling me purchase failed but I GOT CHARGED and I want my diamondsor refund  Already sent pm on Facebook and an email Please fix it
Latest update broke graphics After the latest update graphics went to he'll hope it's fixed soon. It is still broken....
Not heroes charge The graphics are a bit cartoonie,and not as slick as HC hd......but after the terrible hc update for which after playing for 8 months I uninstalled it. If the boards are right and its this games fault, I'll drop them both and stick to my ps4
Game is bugged Showing error that network not connected even though it is will change review when bug is fixed.
This game keeps force closing.... Every time it's loading, it just force close....
Was the best now crashes like the rest Since the update the game crashes while playing in the caverns dojo etc so as well as losing progress you lose stamina as well
DISCONNECT for some resone i cant go in the game it keeps telling me i have no internet and i have a goddam Fast wifi man so i think the problam is not with my WIFI
Keep getting g error message Keeps saying verify network settings but everything is OK ...checked it several times. Now it says connection to server has been error. I tried everything. On well guess I will go back to heroes charge which I have no issues but wanted to check out this game.
I thought I could play this game Because it's so similar to heroes charge but I can't this game sucks so much I recommend heroes charge over this game
Strategy rpg heavily grinding A good game at start that transformed more and more in pay to win. Everything involves heavily grinding. For example you need 150 soulstones for a 5 hero with the option of getting 3 a day that means 50 days of grinding. Only for 1 hero. Not to mention gear and so. And the autobattle arena is something I don't understand. Autobattle should be a choice of mine not a forced feature. I like fighting not watching my tablet playing by itself.
It got really blurry I could barely see any word or anything because it is so pixely and blurry or I wont play this game anymore and I will tell others not to play it if this is not fixed
Added guild wars but There is no dedicated guild chat. Guild chat screen let's you type several sentences but you cannot post those sentences  too many words.  Same problem with treasure cave and  private messaging.
Dam your timer
Graphics are now terrible After the big update today, the graphics went from great to blurry and pixelated...using galaxy tab4
