Can't install app after purchading I am using a Samsung s6 and everytime I try to install, it downloads and it says can't install this app, and  gives an Error 505. It also refers me to a link bur so far it hasn't been useful If the install is not possible how do I get my money back
Bug Please Fix I have found a bug in a recent update. When choosing Silent Mode in Audio Action it only gives the option for off or vibrate.  I have a previous version of tasker in my S3 and there is an extra option to turn Silent Mode on when I got the S5 the new version of tasker came along with this missing parameter. Other than this one change I love tasker. I use it every day and am constantly making new tasks for myself. When this is addressed I will for sure give it 5 stars
Developer Is Quick To Respond but... Too bad they RUINED the app by removing the feature One Touch Recording from within the App to satisfy Apple Restrictions. For consistancy they removed the feature from Android as well. There is a one touch widget that is offered but lots of luck trying to get it to launch with a voice command so critical to the implementation of this app. I suppose they figure we could momentarily pause crime to fumble with this app in the law enforcement field. What a joke.
Not what I was hoping for Lacks basic event input such as NFC tags. Would also benefit from a major UI update for less complex tasks.
Unusable Takes forewer to create a simple task like when there is a certain keyword in a received SMS i want it to emulate a call ring i.e. to ring until i pick up... Seema impossible Money wasted...
Doesn't work as it used to be Tasks doesn't do what they should. Shows an active profile but no changes in the phone. GS45.0.1unroot
Anoying interface Very usuful with a little imagination, but the interface is so horrible I is unuseable to me. Quirky and anoying popup information boxes if you hit wrong button or it delete the whole profil if you're not careful.
What a convoluted mess I am what I like to think as tech savvy and I have never seen an app so infuriating. After a few days of fiddling I decided that its a waste of 3 bucks and even more time. If you want your phone to do tricks wait until cortana releases. Until then save yourself some sanity and stay away from this mess of a UI.
Too difficult I've had this for a week and am unable to do any tasks. Following tasker wiki doesnt match the app. Where can i get started
Problematic This app is rarely useful and it has waaaay too many issues to be worth 3. Tasks will fail, contexts run 5 minutes after they were supposed to, etc. This will technically work, but it a huge pain to get it to do what you want. Horrible UI and the features are extremely underwhelming. I had hoped for something to automate various activities but where it falls short I have to make 20 tasks to make up and it only barely works. Hardly use this at all.
Unreliable It's a remarkable app. I used it for years. And finally I got tired of waiting for increased reliability that never came. Tasks operate 75 of the time. The other 25 turns out to be more annoying and a bigger time waster than the original problem that I wanted to solve with Tasker. Bye bye.
