Force closed I purchased this game on release day, and I have as of yet been unable to pass the battle where I save Algus.  The game force closes instantly after it on my Blu Studio 6.0HD using Android 5.0.2
Hmmm Game continuously force closes please make a update or something for androids  .. update dropping to one star..  obviously they are getting their feed backs and have done nothing yet to fix the bugs
No cloud save I would really like to continue the game i started on my phone, on my tablet. At least, if I could find the save file, it might work but i can't find any trace of it. ...  edit  I changed phone and lost my save just like i said. I'm not gonna recommend square enix games until the get on the cloud wagon.
Why does it not work I bought it and it did not work so I refund and I redownload it and it steals 15 dollers from me and still does not work so can you please tell me why it did not work is it not compatable just please tell me why I'll give 5 stars if you can get it to work but otherwise don't download
Old classic  major bug I'll  keep it at a 1 star till square fixes the bug that causes this game to crash or refund me my 14
Great game,poor port and force shut down FFT is the best classic turn based ever i want to give it 100 stars. However, with poor port, non touch screen friendly control, force shut down after finish a stage..... very often 23times in a row make me stop playing it for a day. All those bugs take away 98 stars... so 2 stars for FFT, the best turn based game.
Crashes occasionally It's great to be able to replay one of my favourite Final Fantasy titles, but the occasional crashes and lack of cloud saves makes the experience quite frustrating.
Crash crash crash. Oneplus one. Game occasionally force closes and, after reopening, restarts, deleting all unsaved progress. Amazing game, not worth the money if I have to do everything twice. I'll just emulate it for free....
Amazing game but keeps crashing I was very excited to see the excellent game released on mobile. Unfortunately it has crashed every time I have tried to play it on my Samsung note 3. It is very hard to make progress this way and I feel like I have wasted my money. As soon as the crashing problem is fixed this will be a 5 star review.
This is my all time favorite game  The game is great but the app is lacking. I need the ability to back up my game data. I would like to play the same game on multiple devices. Or the ability to switch devices.
I have always enjoyed this game. Maybe you can get it to stop crashing so I can enjoy it again on android. Got a note 3. Should be more than enough processor power to run. Thanks
FANTASTIC GAME Just a little unpolished. I love this game and bought it for the 5th time just to play on my phone, but any time a skill is used the animation tanks harder than low end rig chugging Crysis. ADD CLOUD SAVE, MULTIPLAYER, AND IN BATTLE SAVES BECAUSE OF THE MULTIPLE CRASHES
Love the game, but no save state Great game, runs smooth. But no save state, so if you close your phone in the middle of a 45 min battle, you lose all progress. Extremely frustrating.
Crashes constantly Classic turn based strategy Super smooth and fluid animation, seems to work great with touch screen. However the game crashes constantly. Especially after battles. This makes the game pretty well unplayable. Really disappointed in this port. Once the issue is addressed itll make a fantastic on the go game
Needs work CRASHES TOO OFTEN.  You'll spend half an hour in a battle only for it to crash afterwards. Drastic lag during many attack sequences I'm on a Note 4.  Don't expect as pleasant an experience as with the console version.  Also could really use cloud save support.
missing quicksave cloudsave and achievements Just purchased this after reading reviews, but it's obvious the android version is inferior to its iOS counterpart. A quicksave, cloudsaving is a must and the 30 odd achievements are missing  why were these features not added by default  uninstalling this piece of trash until future patches rectify things.
Buggy, when I attempt to open app more often than not I just see a blank black screen. I loved the game when it came out on Playstation but this isn't working for me so far. 11 days after first review game starts fine but any time I go to finath creek the game crashes very frustrating.
Force close all the time Lots of problems, force close, error in texts, hang in the middle of the game. Please fix those Too bad, this is one of the greatest ff series, and doesnt cheap either for the price
Amazing Game Too bad it crashes CONSTANTLY after each battle on my Xperia Z2.  I can't make it past the 3rd fight.  Thanks for wasting my time and money Square, I'll be certain to remember this before purchasing any future games.
