App ok The app is ok, the UI is quite easy to use. But I have lost all my items at the  checkout, did over web then got app now lost all items and have to start again, why don't checkout on Web and checkout on app work together
Didn't get the chance to pick my free gift for joining for starters, but you keep popping up for me to make s purchase, first things first
Neat, but... This is good, but a little research shows the original price is often miles more than actual, and some of these seeming ace deals are the normal price of buying these things direct via eBay or similar. It's only good if you want to play roulette with prices and quality. RESEARCH ITEM AND PRICE BEFORE BUYING  PRICE ID OFTEN SAME ELSEWHERE ONLINE
Don't be fooled by deals. Just because it's cheap doesn't mean it's a deal. For example, the Bluedio headphones they have on sale from 1200 to 34, are only worth 100. They inflate the prices enormously to make it seem like it's a deal.
no good I ordered 7 items 6 of them do not work or they are not the items that I ordered now I have to return them at my cost. They were cheap enough that I probably will just throw them away because none of the items that I ordered work worth a crap. People out there please be careful on ordering stuff out there because it is not always what it appears to be
Ordered several things that never arrived and had to get refunded. App also lies about discounts e.g. item is 100 marked down from 1000, when realistically you can go to the manufacturers website and pay 100 full price for the same item. Basically tricks you into thinking your getting a deal so you'll buy when actually you're paying full price for the item
Lies and lies. This app presents to you pricez that are ten times bigger than they are on normall stores, than puta up a sale thus tricking you into thiking what a deal have they made you. Dont be stupid people, and go shopping via amazon or ebay rather than thia thievish nonsese.
Unable to order I wanted to order some item with paypal, even installed the paypal app but to no avail. I ordered and accepted in paypal multiple times but the items stays in my shopping cart and no orders happen
Some items doesnt match up and cant return it for free. shipping back cost more money. Although things are cheap, shipping time are acceptable, but when items doesnt match up, you have to pay for the return shipping fee. Which it will be more than what the item cost which end up cant returning it
worst app ever not trusted site for shopping I ordered french red tuxedo shirt with bow tie and french cliffs, but received leather jacket instead. Don't even deserve one star cause have no customer service number to contact. Plus any question you have in mind or after you receive wrong order they reply you after 4 days. Worst app ever.
