Dragging and throwing of dices are not working Couldn't drag the board to left or right when I wanted to go to my property to build houses. Can't do flick the dices as well. Using Sony Z2.
Can't work Every time I tried to play the game it won't play it goes back to the mine manu place help.I just spent 2.71 now help or refund my money.
Not been able to play it. Says loading game......nothing happens. No instructions o  refund so feeling robbed. Sometimes when i buy property it takes the money but i don't get the property.
Functionally poor The throwing of dice, panning around the board and clicking on properties to build houses or mortgage do not work. The developers have not updated in over a year, this is shocking for a pay for game
Won't load Doesn't do anything, teases me with the monopoly sign then fails to open. How do you get a refund for this 1.50 please.
It said this app is not compatible with my LG G3. I have stock rom on my phone. The game said to be compatible with my old phone SS Galaxy S3, which I already sold to other person, though.
Doesn't even open on Nexus 9. I would love to play the game I just purchased for 1.50 but apparently not. The game opens, checks the licence and then closes immediately. I smell a refund. The app isn't even compatible on my Galaxy Note 4 either. Why release an appgame that doesn't work Only EA can do this.
Be careful I own the samsung galaxy ace and this app doesnt work properly. It doesnt show the board plus after a minute or two of playing it just shuts down. Very disappointed since i love the game monopoly. I would like a refund, considering the buttin to do so on here has changed to only uninstall
Good on my nexus 7, doesn't work on my s3 Please fix developer. I'm disappointed that it doesn't work on such a well known device as the Samsung galaxy s3 Love this game but  can't play, please fix for 5 rating.
Doesn't work on Sony z3 Will not allow you to scroll across to manage your property or select any of the locations. don't bother wasting your time
App crashed App used for a game and didn't start anymore due to error requiring downloads. I want a refund
Doesn't work no refund Doesn't work saying not auth for ur device ...but it accepted the purchase stole my money in the first place then after install tells me not for ur device....DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP IT DOESN'T WORK ON MANY DEVICES READ REVIEWS FIRST
Xperia Z2 The game looks great but you cannot scroll into properties management. Something is not working properly. Refund
control problems Can't drag screen left or right to manage property. Also won't let you flick the dice. Sony z2
Won't open So disappointed it won't open. Was looking forward to playing it on my daily commute
Can't play... Can't contact support. Game won't launch. Contact listed support email, says to use online support... Then dead end when there is no contact or support available. This is not what I had in mind when I handed over money, which is something I don't often do. Very angry.
Dragging Cannot drag the board left or right and on the rare occasion it does let me the game then freezes and goes off.. Love the game bt this is so annoying please fix
 my nephews face when game never worked. Paid for it, downloaded it then was told my device is not supported. Spoilt our night as we were desperate for a competitive fun family game on holiday.  I absolutely love this game just wish I could have been told it wouldn't work before I wasted money and time.
Xperia z2 Can't scroll around the game to build house ect, press the arrows and nothing happens Ea this is full of complaints, that people have paid for this app, and I see no reply what the, is really that hard to fix. Don't make it and then not fix people's issues.
cant turn off the animation used to be a nice game but the recent updates mean the blinglike animation can't be turned off
Can't play it The only thing that this game is doing on my Nexus 7 is loading..... Haven't seen anything else than Please wait while the game loads window 
Game needs sorting out I downloaded it it worked for a for a couple of days then stopped working either they sort the problem or they give everyone who's had problem with it a refund
WARNING Doesn't work on Samsung galaxy ace properly. Don't download if you don't want to waste money. I need a refund
Doesn't work I started and it was great. What I expected a game you can play with your friends without the big board. Recommend adding Bluetooth or something so you can connect devices with yours so you don't have to keep passing your device. Doesn't work anymore though. Keeps crashing now that's why the 2 stars
Unauthorised for my Android Device Typical EA takes money and does not work on  Galaxy Tab 2. EA  explain
