Looks great but closes after trying to enter my name. Please fix this bug.
Fix it plz When i try to enter my name it logs out plz fix it
It crashes when I press done, for when I pick a name Fix it please
Um  so how do u play Seems like it would be great but I hardly have any clue as to how to play equip swap mons or anything. The quick tutorial on using a weapon and summoning ur guy is great but what about everything else  Further more why would u during the tutorial make the player rebuy what they are already holding  Makes it feel wasted.
Seems like it would be cool Seems like it would be a cool game if it wasn't for the fact that it freezes during the load up of adventure mode, if this problem is resolved I'll rate 5 stars.
Crashes Crashes when I first start it, and continues every time I try to even put in my name. Got new droid turbo, that may be the problem, idk...extra star for good idea, otherwise wouldn't even rate it.
Freezes when Adventure Mode It looked like an amazing game, but its not it freezes when you try adventure mode and thats the whole point of pokemon is to go on a adventure Ill rate 5 stars if you fix it. TheLastFox
Keeps freezing It keeps freezing on adventure , single and battle please fix then I will rate 5 star
Brilliant concept horrible execution. Loading screens take forever, the game is ridiculously hard. Pixel cubes have a 20 chance of catching anything, you get one gold per kill but everything costs at least 100, and just about anything can kill you within a few seconds. I would love to see a good pokemonMinecraft crossover, but this clearly isn't it. I also feel like they could have tried at least a little not to completely rip off already existing pokemon.
FREEZING Every time I do adventure i never get to play it,because it keeps freezing. Worst game ever 1 star super poo. For all u gamers out there don't waste your time or memory playing this stupid game ... save your memory for another game.
Broken This game looks great but sadly freezes up after trying to enter a name for my character please fix then I'll change to better rating
Crashed After I finish the tutorial, I need to input my name, as soon as I do so, the game frezes and there is no sound. This might be a bug or a typo in the game's coding so could you please fix it
So many things wrong Hear me out... While its a nice concept and vaguely similar to pokemon the mechanics and balancing for this gane is just... Wrong... First of all you only get 1 exp per monster u kill and to level up you have to get 300 exp so you have to kill 300 monsters to level up ONCE... Yeah... And each monster u fight can tak about half of your health per battle so we are talking HOURS here just to level up ONCE im still lvl 1 for that reason...
Items too expensive I mean,wtf bro I barely have 100 coins and 50 crystals At least give us some stuff I cant even buy armor This game is a pay to win game. Dont download it. Your just wasting your time. If they do give stuff,im not receiving it. Im already level two yet I dont have armor nor a gun.
