Cheats Be careful. Amazon raises the price beyond the max retail price and then offers a discount. Therefore the discount has no standing. If you confront them the do not respond.
USE it or not This website is amazing I used such nice website best service really hit.                                  THE ABOVE WORDS ARE JUST FOR JOKE .Now listen the truth is that ordering anything from is ordering from tortoise .         2 weeks have past nothing came instead expected time was 4 days .feel like hell . hated it .                                                                  IT IS BETTER TO ORDER FROM FLIPCART RATHER THAN AMAZON .
Crashing STOP THE CRASHING. THIS IS RIDICULOUS.  THE APP IS AWFUL. I MAY AS WELL USE THE BROWSER BECAUSE THIS APP IS TRASH. NOT HAPPY. WHATEVER UPDATESTWEEKS YOU ARE DOING, THEY ARE NOT WORKING OUT THE CRASHES.
Amazon Prime I have Amazon Prime, butt I am not able to watch my Prime movies using this app which kinda sux. The only thing I can do is purchase movies.....but not watch them.
Nexus 7 tabletAmazonno streaming You guys really need to develop an app that freely streams your video content for phones and tablets. I'm not doing the convoluted crap that allows one to watch. I pay for tvvideos and should be able to watch them on any device. Also, can't review an Amazon original from my account that I watched via rokuyou can't rate with roku for some reason and when I tried to rate 5 stars, got an error message 3x. You'll have to guess which shows I liked.
Can't use on Android 6.0 It worked fine until last Android update. Uninstalled, waiting for a fix from Amazon.
Clunky, slow, rubbish Frequent crashes spoil the shopping experience.  Google the web version, don't waste your time with this buggy app.
Doesn't work on Android venue 10 tablet I have amazon prime and have the amazon shopping app installed on my venue 10 Android tablet. App and videos come up and play just no sound. Major bummer
Do not install this app I searched for a game on snapdeal, flipkart it showed it is of 500 but sold out so I installed Amazon and searched for that game it showed 1,500 for that game do not install this app
Does not work properly I wanted books. When searching for them by author the system ,eat trying to force me into kindle. It's very simple, kindle is kindle and Books was what I wanted
App not loading product detail on Mi Pad Tablet. steps. Search a product and tab an item to see the details and observe
Uninstalling and never using Amazon again. Because of association with that bigot Jeremy Clarkson. Amazon should set a better example.
Smart watch I buyed a smart watch it is not at all working how much ever I try to connect it
Freezes Keeps freezing, can't use the app for more than 3 mins. Plz fix
Language problems Every time I open the app it chooses a different language that is NOT ENGLISH It also loads different currency values and there's no telling what will happen.
It works The app is OK and it works, but it is extremely slow to launch and use. It takes it about 7 solid seconds to open on my Nexus 9. It crashes all the time, too. Please fix
Fake WELL I THINK THIS IS FAKE BUT COOL
1 star because when you install it, it automatically turns on 1 click ordering.
Terrible Keeps freezing. Displays item searched for but cannot see listing correcltly
Says l'm in the UK App tells me that I'm in the UK and won't allow me to choose CANADA.
Crash fest Needs biv fixes. Eats CPU power and battery. Uninstalling along with similarly faulty Kindle app
Ehh This is a ok way to get some online shopping done
Amazon  I love shopping from there but if it says free shipping don't  belive it So expect to pay high shipping prces
