Quit opening I can't open the game any more on my droid turbo. It brings up the loading screen and then it kicks it off. Please fix.
Constantly crashes Constantly crashes on HTC one x, 1 star until problem, fixed,   it's a shame because I am really enjoying it otherwise.
Crashed Game kept crashing and i kept sending in reports couldn't log in ended up having to delete game and reinstall and now i have to start all over... can i get my lvl 73 back ill change review
Too many ads and crashes Waaaay too many ads that interrupt game play, and crashed often. My son loves the game itself and it would be worthy of 5 stars if there's was an ad free version would be willing to pay and fix other issues.
Why do i need energy  Because u made it with energy ill rate your app with 1 star . Now i wil go to a site where i can find this app cracked and play it with unlimited energy . Game is good but the energy thing wrecks everything
I don't like his game at all I first got the game and then i Will click on the icon the it will load for a little bit the it will say play and all of stuff you know and the I clicked play and it just lagged I could con take it any more I just deleted it the game drove my crazy the game will only work for an iPhone it will not work for an android I like the game but it is only for an iPhone I could not take it at all
Liked until I have not been able to continue the game past level 159. I have three stars on everything but it says I'm a star short and cannot continue. Please help team Will adjust rating if problem can be fixed
Does not open Fun game when i used to b able to play it. But now it USELESS Must fix ASAP
DudePerfect Nah, NOT Perfect Dude So long for it takes time to load. And btw, cant u guys make the players account like in ''King''  that whenever we are offline our progress levels is saved for the time we're online next. Wat a 
Crash Crash and Crash all day long All this game dose Is crash I can't play the game I just want to play i've played it before and I love it it's awesome but now all it dose is crash
Force close I like this game but,when I play about 10 minutes it start to force close.plz fix this,and I will give you 5 star or i will invite more friend to play this game.hope you read this.thx
Epic game except... I've been playing this game for a while  now. Up till recently, the only issue I had was how long it took for the next set of levels to come out... To break up the monotony, after having beaten the most recent updated levels, I uninstalled and reinstalled so I could start over. Now it won't go past the loading screen after reaching the farm levels.... please fix.
Doesn't work Would've been way better if it worked It isn't for tablets
