Pop up ads While the content is decent enough, i cannot leave my child alone with this app because the popup ads take her to download screens.
This does not teach anything This game had potential but as it is, it is no good. The tasks have no educational value
Wow I always play the games before letting my kids. The very first ad to pop up after about 1.5 min asked if I'm addicted to opiates Really On a kids game
Too easy to make faulty payment My son could very easily charge up a bill on this. It doesn't ask for passwords or anything with the in app purchases. DO NOT INSTALL
Ads and IAPs Full screen pop up ads right after starting app, and requests for in app payments on the main game selection screen. This is not suitable for children.
The matching game was not well executed. But the worst part is the ads that pop up in this game. I have a 3 year old playing, and the ads are wildly inappropriate.
Not so great Most of the games are locked. They only allow  you 3 or 4 games. Then you must pay to unlock the rest.
Developmentally not appropriate for preschool. Skills for maze require a higher motor coordination. Memory game requires social skills preschoolers may not know. Pizza game involves a sequence complexity not developed at the preschool level. Will uninstall due to not useful.
Waste downloading not gud and its asking for purchase another game
Too many pop up adds.
I will rate later Just turn wifi off so adds dont pop up
Many misssing and paid Only payment option it gives other modes
Not Educational What's making pizza.. Not good for baby.. maybe older kids...
not so great Not fun for my kids nor educational
Bcoz my baby is just completed 2yrs so I want A B C D  1 2 3 .....
How are you are u going to play with no instructions
Do not download this game due to bad pop up.
Scam My son's very upset. Dont download...and the popup ads take him away from the game cause he doesnt know to press x so i cant leave him alone for even a minute without him asking what happened to his game
