WHATS GOING ON MY GAME KEEPS CRASHING I purchasrd this game a year ago and decided to come back to it but it doesnt work on my lg phone and my purchases are gone On my samsung tab 3 everything is fine. I purchased the skate parks the valley, the factory, double infinity, schoolyard and inbound.i also purchsed unlimited wheel color change. Its all been removed on my lg phone. It even told me i was trying to crack the game Now it wont even load for 2 seconds without crashing
Broken I had a custom deck set and I actually worked to get the points to do it and it's gone back to the default. Also all my credits are gone now. Thanks.
So glad I am so happy that the update reset everything. Exactly what I wanted.
iAP hell I got this game a long time ago, twice even iOS and Android. I used to love it but now i simply have to change my review from 5 stars to 1 because it has turned into iAP hell. There are no free skateparks and every single customization option must be bought separately. You can use ingame money to do some things but it takes a long long time to get any reasonable amount. They even added board degradation just so you have to spend money to fix your board Outrageous.
I bought every park except 2 and it wont download any of them. Highly disapointed that ive spent so much on the game and parks and board packs and slow mo and everything else just for it too not work
True skate More like madeup bs. Half the tricks i land, i can name off the top of my head. Though true skate mistakes them for made up dolphin flips.. And how do you have dark slides, but dark flips count as pop shoveits Oh and the score system is so low have fun never changing your deck or even wheels without paying more money into this half assed touch grind
Terrible What you get for your money an enormous, weightless feeling board, jammed into a tiny skate park. It's like skating in your kitchen. That's it, you're buying a terrible skate demo, with the option to purchase more terrible skate parks. Doesn't feel realistic or even fun, TBH in any definition of the word. The tricks look like they are made by a lucky gust of wind. Shouldn't be a paid app.
Good game but way too many iap's It's a really cool game, great control scheme, amazing graphics, etc. But unfortunately it is saturated with in app purchases. For a paid game, you can barely do anything without pumping more money into it. I would be fine paying 510 for the game and having no iap's than this hell.
No support Kamcord is not supported on this device...but I can open and use the kamcord app just fine. Also, why has there still been no fix to the new course download
To hard I understand yoy where trying to make a hyper realistic game, but at least fix the controls. If you try to do an ollie you would do ither a manual or a pop shove it. Also why do we have to make literally perfect flips for it to count in every mission. And another thing why is there almost 30 following missions and only 3 try to score, and the trytoscore missions are nearly impossible to get max points, the only one you can get is in the tampa map and you have to buy it.
Unresponsive controls Making us pay money for parks and custom decks after we already payed for the game Wtf m8.... Then if you want to even use your custom deck you need to pay 10 000 tc  ingame currency  which will take you FOREVER.  That is what kinda ruins everything for me. Fix this please.
