Buffering Uninstalled and reinstalled the app, still get buffering try a lower quality.  I let it sit for an hour cause I have nothing better to do and it never loaded anything.  Why do I pay for hulu plus again
Buffering... I pay for ad free Hulu Plus and on my HTC one android it always says buffering..... That is, unless it's a show with a commercial like Once Upon a Time... A few weeks ago I  was able to watch most of my shows, now all of them say buffering try a lower quality. Please fix this as I watch most shows on my phone and I don't want to pay for something I can't use
BUFFERING I love Hulu, BUT, it continues to buffer while watching on my phone. I can steam LIVE TV and Netflix with no problem, so I know it's not my Internet connection. It's hulu. Fix it and you will get 5 stars. For now, since the app is pretty much unusable, you get 2.
No response to issue I guess I'm cancelling my service. No one has responded to my email and I can  see on here many ppl have the same issue. When you figure out that you need customers to survive I'll give you a try again. Maybe
Buffering Try a lower quality...I think this app is as low as it goes. Getting tired of seeing this on my Android phone when my iPhone and the TV plays fine on the same network. Even with no commercial plan it still sits there. This really needs fixed. Current version still does it. Can we get this fixed or not Why is the iPhone working fine
Recent issues I LOVE Hulu. But Hulu via Chromecast has been having playback issues Loading and crashing constantly. Other movieTV apps have no playback issues via same Chromecast.  Please fix this Hulu  I use Hulu all the time and its becoming a HUGE annoyance.
I Keep Getting A Notification Of The App Crashing Please Fix ASAP  I Mean At 1st I Installed It Just Yesterday Night And It Was Working Perfect , Then Now I Keep Getting Crash Reports Please Fix Asap  I Am A Samsung Galaxy Light User 
Please fix This app doesn't work anymore for my HTC one M8. It keeps telling me to many active videos when the only other person that uses hulu is my gf. Also if it isn't doing that it just buffers over and over and says try a lower quality and doesn't load the video at all 
This app stinks now No matter what I try to watch since I updated it all it said is buffering try a lower quality
Chromecast Ever since the upgrade, hulu doesn't work well with Chromecast. Please fix this Can't you see all the complaints from others on here We are paying for something we can't use
Never ending Buffering So Hulu says it offers.. Unlimited Instant Streaming. Limited or No Commercials.. Kind of funny because all it dose is buffer. To watch a 1hour show will take me all day. I don't have any problems trying to stream a show or movie anywhere else, But to watch hulu on my smart tv is like.. Lets count down to see how long i can watch before i have to wait for it to buffer over a 100 times. Not impressed what so ever..
Playback disabled, commercials play though Like the Hulu app on my game systems and smart TV's this once again doesn't work properly either.  It plays the commercials then says playback isn't working try restarting phone. However their billing is always working. This only works correctly on my PC, please put some time into your apps.  Very frustrating for a paid service with commercials, even more if I paid extra for no commercials.
Video is green After the first commercial ends and the movie begins i dont see anything but a all lime green screen. It just started doing this and honestly im not happy at all about it i wish hulu would let people log on the internet from our phones and watch it there instead of just by a app that dont even work. I have a samsung galaxy s3 and never had this issue until recent please do something fast about it my movies help me stay awake during relaxing time
Chromecast is broken The Chromecast implementation in the Hulu app is a disastrous garbage fire. Constant buffering and streams that simply end with an error message. I never see problems like this using Chromecast with the YouTube app or Netflix app. I'm ready to cancel my Hulu subscription it is so bad.
Buffering issue of course How come when you have a perfectly working version you add updates that ruin everything just don't update the app until it will work properly silly. I have a very high quality phone I would like to use it.. come on I would think to expect better. Oh well I guess hopefully the next update will fix the last few that caused issues the app didn't have before. Lol 'update' get it. Will be five stars when the app works.
Annoyingly expensive It's so annoying paying 13 a month to never be able to watch except at home on my ipad. I would like to watch on my lunch break at work on my phone network. I have to restart my phone in order to get a movie or show to play. I'm going fulltime with YouTube Red until Hulu gets it together on mobile streaming.
Chromecast optimization Not quite. Since update it fails to load after the commercial that I have to watch even though I pay for no commercials and then does not load program or hangs my Chromecast after trying to exit. Forcing a reboot of Chromecast to use it with Netflix or localcast or anything else. Charge me more, give me less. You can tell your owned by Fox and Comcast.
I was so happy about hulu until it stopped workin Now,  im so irritated about hulu It doesn't even leave the hulu start up screen for about 3 or 4 minutes, then a message pops up saying bad connection. I have unlimited data so something's wrong,  I even uninstalled for a day to see if that would help, it sure didn't  I'm out of options, please help I pay every month I should not have to go through this.
Commercial runs then black screen The commercials run then I get, what I now call, the black screen of death. Hulu freezes. Buffers. Then freezes again. Netflix works fine. Wasn't having this issue before the update a few weeks back. Now the app is useless unless I want to see commercials.
Id rate higher if you woild fix the black out issues and the constantly loading or buffering problem that just recently started. Its going reallyyyyy slow too. Fix it id hate to cancel.  NEW ISSUE cant play back where I left off and sound randomly turns off and wont turn back on. Whats going on smh
Continuous Chromecast issues Please fix. You run commercials fine but coming back from a commercial break freezes the chromecast. I have to hard reboot to fix. Get this fixed. I'm not paying for crap service and will cancel soon if this isn't remedied.
Update from 63425  Still not working I reset the cachedata and no videos will load on mobile.  Worked fine a few MONTHS ago but lately its been crap.  Nonstop buffering
