Hit it Rich I am having problems with it and no one to help me. At first it didn't give me my winnings, now the screen is all pink. Can somebody please help me.
No free coins anymore and no play back eitherI have watched 5 videos and got 0 coinsterrible playback, just want u to buy Keep watching videos,  got no coins, payouts terrible, great slots but can't play very long, connect to Facebook get coins,,, no did not don't know how these people keep any coins, I play every day and night, always takes tokens and gives me none, from 956,000 coins to 0 in 5 min, such a joke
You stole my money, I just bought coins. I have a set limit I play always and you jumped my limited to a higher about. And it was millions of dollars not the first time game has done this, and. I stopped playing before. Going to spread the word to my friends never play this game again. And you don't have any opinions  open to discuss the problems. I'm done after yrs of enjoying this game. Theft is serious.  I don't have money for you to cheap me out of.
Why am I in a group of 30 for the daily race I've been very disappointed that I am now in a group of 30 for the daily race.  I have close friends who play that are at higher levels than me and they are still a group of 12  I don't play nearly as often anymore.  Very very disappointed.
Lameoslots Gets real old just losing the piddly coins I get every couple of hours then closing out and forgetting about this lame excuse for slots. I will say the slots look nice and there are some popular brands, but it is still lame with no winnings.
tired of the crap I don't understand why you keep starting me over at day one when I played this game for months and months and months You have never addressed an issue I had when I contact customer support so therefore there is no support. The games are fun to play but all you people are after his money You cannot win if you are offering discounted coins your money just disappears however buy coins and then you're allowed to win, how far is that
there is a glitch right now and i cannot completely watch a video to receive free coins nor can I connect to Facebook using my Note3 phone and now it won't even open on my phone....too many glitches
Lies are not a good way to start a relationship or run a business If you advertise  1,000,000 in free beginner coins, don't give  75K. Uninstalling after 10 minutes of play. I should've foreseen problems, based on the other reviews.
Boo This game use to be good. Uninstalled it due to the lack of space on my phone. I downloaded it and went from over 2 million to 0 in a matter of minutes. Watching the video for coins is a joke. Guess it's time to uninstall and play something better. Hopefully they can get their glitches fixed and loosen the slots a bit. I'm not willing to spend money for some coins on a fake game I'd rather gamble at a real casino seems I have a higher chance of winning compared to this.
Pathetic. Just like all of the other joke casinos on Facebook and elsewhere. Tried again. Still a crock of you know what. It stinks so bad it's amazing you can't smell it over your phone. Anyone who never responds to posts is a true joke. They should all be forced out of business.  And as for rating you , you sucked  yesterday, you suck today. You just don't get it.  You are greedy asswipes.
Could be a lot better  Nice variety of games but the payouts are few and far between, besides being very low.  Also, a person could grow old waiting to hit a bonus round so don't hold your breath.  I'll probably delete this when I run out of coins, which will be very shortly
zero I rate this a zero cause I go to play and none of the games come up it keeps saying retry
Bad payouts Slot payouts are terrible, games are imaginative but the bad payouts make it somewhat boring.
Will quit playing All of my coins disappeared My levels reset All of my charms are gone 80 million plus coins gone, level 435  30 charms all gone Will fix rating if this is fixed
Shame Zynga good quality fun to play machines but after tons of play time reaching lvl 235 and spending plenty of money, the payouts don't sustain play. Hit a jackpot over 50 million and it was gone in an few hours. Potential is there but its a game loosen up. Uninstalling and moving on. Caint sustain play at all
Little better after updating Still have crashing issues. Fun for the 15 mins you have coins. Slots tighter then a real slot machine.  Who would spend real money on pretend coins.  So if ya have 15mins to kill fun app.
They're really putting the squeeze on us playing, to purchase coins, games n bonuses used to pay out good, now you pretty much buy your bonus, was fun, but they got greedy
Bomb Game's just take your chips so you can't play until your next bonus come. Over all it's really boring game
