Samsung galaxy tab 2 I'm on my 15th generation I have over 3.5 million. Yet I've never found any bugs and only 23 the twigs. Really needs some updates for something else u can do. Why not be able to buy a new house
Not fair been playing for ages Try to start New gen and it tells me it's full and to continue it would delete the 1st gen. Click ok, it does nothing, not starting over so it's going
I have filled my family tree. I press new generation and it says the first line has to be removed, yet it doesnt remove it so i cant continue playingFix this issue. Add more things to buy on full version.
Needs Updating Badly I purchased the full version and I cannot refresh the store at will anymore, this game needs more stuff to do and needs to be updated really badly what's going on developers Ppl still purchase and want to play but your letting this game go and ppl are wasting their money  Fix it up and update it geez, or find some way to link it to virtual families 2 so you can make a virtual families 3
Stupid In order to get them to do anything productive, or anything for their health and energy I have to constantly watch them. Also they complain about money all of the time and currency is hard to obtain.
Please Fix Problem This game sucks The praise  scolding hand wont come out of the box when you tap on it, so you cant train your family. Neither does the other things in the boxes. Ex Groceries. The end result your family always die from lack of needs met. This game is no fun, save your money
Not having kids I have tried to have my couple mate... Actually I have tried with several couples and they won't procreate I even paid for the game instead of the lite version to try and fix this issue, bought the baby booster, and everything. What am I doing wrong I would like my money back so I can use it on virtual families 2 since that version seems to work better... Ugh
Love it but..... I love this game, but it likes to restart my game at random times its really frustrating when you get really far and it starts over.
Not loading fully I do like the game. However, the font is really small, the characters don't fully load they show up as white blocks, the store doesn't fully load as well its just a white. Can someone help on these problems
