The game won't shut down and stays open in the background I try to turn my phone off and can still hear the game music playing have to pull the battery out of my phone to get it to shut off. Just decided to uninstall if you ask me it's got some malware programmed into it
Miniclip  micro transaction scum bags I paid full price for this game, know they removed features and put ads in the game and say i need to buy the premium add on I paid a lot of money for this game, not the joke app that it's  become
Paid for adds I paid the 1 to have it addless and to fast forward, I opened the app today and quess what is back. THE ADDS And I can't fast forward anymore. Please fix this or tell me how to fix it, other wise it will remain at 1
Lost all my purchases Last year i had bought a few things including the full game and i got a new phone recently and just re downloaded it and restored my purchases and progress and nothing happen it shows its bought in my Google play account but the game says i jave to buy it again HELP
Stop Charging us Game in itself is incredible love the game but the reason I gave it 2 stars is because you've started charging to load genes onto your viruses and not everyone does purchase through play store and without the genes the rest of the viruses become insanely difficult so if you could just take the genes out of the premium package I bet a lot of us would appreciate it thanks guys
Wow This game never gets you a chance to get the DNA to take care of things in the game, so step it up cause it's nothing like the one on steam
Wow everything costs money Even to fastforward is a dollar. And 13 of the screen is an ad banner. Instant Uninstall. Still a cool game if you want to spend money just to play it normally.
Can't beat without spending money The only way to win is to spend money I have tried numerous strategies and nothing works unless you are on the easiest level which helps you go no where
Some issues Along with having to pay for everything, the app has started not allowing me to open up the disease, world, and settings menu while I play for no reason
THIS SUCKS It won't load into the game so I'm just sitting there waiting for 30 minutes wasting my time on this instead of watching youtube
Good game but... Why does it ask me to upgrade to the pro version when I already have it. It asks me to rate or upgrade... Then crashes. it's a good game and it will give it 5 stars when that fixed. All the upgrades I had have disappeared. Dev. Any way to fix this
ADS AND MORE ADS Okay so o love the game but I am so tired of only getting to put 3 genes in and HAVE TO WATCH A VIDEO FOR EACH ONE YOU CAN'T EVEN PLAY MEGA BRUTAL MODE WITHOUT HAVING TO WATCH A VIDEO TO DO IT. AND ALL THE GOOD STUFF YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR. I might just delete the app because I can't Hadley sitting through every ad and have to pay for every little thing I want to do.
Flashing adverts...Gone greedy Game use to be good, but with bright red flashing adverts at the bottom, desperately trying to get you to play other games is just off putting
