Stuck This is so stupid .. I've been stuck at the same level for over a week  when I play the monster always defeats me  when I pay to replay it constantly gone with no replay  the monsters won't shoot sometimes efff
Wont start Cant even play after downloading just says checking for updates and does nothing else left for 20 minutes still nothing
Plagiarized Nintendo PennyPop you are dead to me. How dare you plagiarize Pokemon and legend of zelda. You could have at least of tried to make them look a little bit different rather than copying and pasting. How dare you rip off great games. Shame on you all at PennyPop
Buggier than the underside of a wet log Can't even start playing, it just sits on a black screen doing nothing. Not checking for updates, just nothing. The first time I opened it, I was at least able to do part of the tutorial. Which is wicked unnecessary in a game like this. There are approximately 1 billion games out there with the exact same gameplay. Go find one of them.
Hmm Ok first of all who ever said this was a rip off of pokemon need to get his eyes checked. Secondly its a semi enjoyable game if it didnt take about 40 secs to get to do what it needs to. Also WHY THE FRICK IS THE FREE OFFERS FOR GOLD NOT WORKING  not even the report section is either. I have tried to do several offers with no reward not even for the video for 1 golds are giving anything. If they could fix this it would be a more enjoyable game at least to me.
No Arabic language Bad, no Arabic language . I Send Email for support, they told me from your mobil language. My mobile language is Arabic....  before the last 3 update there is Arabic language.  I hope fix that . I will edit my rate after fix it.             ...................            Battle camp    
Still not able to connect I haven't been able to connect since yesterday's server issue... Note5
What happened to my coins I downloaded game of war and reached level 5 but never recieved my 43 coins What the heck That's not fair How can I get them I played that boring game til level five for nothing You guys owe me coins.  its been a few weeks already and still no reply from you guys I contacted the help for support and still nothing What's going on
There's a glitch I'm stuck on the same level because there's a glitch...  my goal asks for 5 battlebirds, and I fought so many of them that they don't show up in they camp site anymore.. however, every time I collected one or two, the would disappear... now I can't get past this dumb goal and move on 
Don't spend You can spend on this game but when some think goes wrong penny support does nothing about it there quick anothe taking ur money and poor service
Unbalanced and unfair First off you have to play  weeks to get anywhere probably nowhere. You work hard to get coins and trophies.... Only to consistently get let down by bs monsters. In Example, I earned 400k trophies to get an ultimate spin...just for the game makers to fornicate me with a barbed rod. Horrible waste of time.
Started fun but got terrible This game is a good time waster but DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON IT I have spent well over 100 since I've been playing 10 months give or take and have fk all to show for it. Drop rates are st for special monsters and you can't progress without them. And to evolve any super monsters you better have at least 500 laying around because thats how much you'll spend on event grab or monster grab trying to get the components to evolve..
Money hike Honestly this game is so brilliantly designed and great to begin with but you are wasting your time unless you're willing to spend spend spend.. I've never seen a game demand so much money from its players. If you don't FORK out the cash it feels like you're going nowhere. Such a gap between the players who play for free and those who pay to get the best monsters. I wouldn't recommend it.
Crashed 4times When login, graphic is so low, just like snowman, PR 0, must restart the game every damn time, I unistall this sht, thanks
Used to be good game Been playing over a year now. Dont waste ur time and certainly not ur money....its pay to win and pay big....spins 5 each are rigged and 90 of time u will get junk....progression is quick to start but comes to a stop quickly...customer service is worthless....and in order to get good monsters u have to do events which same ppl win every week....want to do good in this game u better have deep pockets and ready to drop 1000s literally.
