Dear Creaters ,your game messed me up. When i tried to collect coins it stayed the same and i died. Also when i turned off tutorial it still had it on. So please fix it for me.                                                             Sincerely ,Sarah Tapp
got a new phone. every other game was able to sync ALL progress, so why didn't this one All the characters came over, but now I'm back to zero coins and zero gems. What gives
Bug Game pause by itself ... the touch does not work as expected.. slow to react.sorry.may be its my phone ,a wiko Will give 5 if not issues
Won't let me slide When I  try to slide it just makes me go off of side I'm so deleting by his app but if fix that I will give u full rating
Can you wait a moment   this is for temple run 2  I want my character is Bruce Lee, I'm still 9 years old so I not yet get a credit so I will borrow my dad's credit but when my dad is go home why you was limit it I just wait my dad from 12.00  16.00 next time limit it until 2 days like the other game
Ruined my life I started playing. Then I played some more, eventually getting addicted. I lost contact with all family and friends. Now I sit here in my dark room under  the blankets to protect me from the black demon gorillas. Thanks temple run...
Dear,creators of temple run and temple run 2.Whenever you die you lose coins not cool i had 5,900000 coins and i died in one part and when i went to the main menu i only had 33678 coins left. N.C not cool please fix it so that whenever you die you have coins  the same not being rude but yall ahould make it more like subway surfers you HAVE the same number of coins. Sinserly,Lydia Glass Gloria Glass's daughter
Temple run It jammed an I can't even move because it keeps on saying this is not available to move please try and again
Am I the sucker Seriously.. I don't get enough coins witch upsets me n its kinda boring 4 meso I jus play other games
In my opinion,this game comes pretty close to being the MOST HORRIBLE game EVER invented and VERY VERY SURPRISINGLY, Temple run 2 is WAY BETTER       
This game sucks This game is stupid I try to lean to the side but it doesn't work or is extremely delayed so I die plus when you jump you can't collect all the coins. If it implies you need to jump over an obstacle and there is coins there I tried but it would not collect all the coins so there would be at least 5 coins left uncollected. If you are going to put the coins there at least make them able to be collected
Bugs after update Was working fine before but after the recent update it's not as smooth as before. It lags. AND IT'S MESSIN WITH MY PHONE IT TAKES TOO MUCH TIME TO CLOSE AND IT'S FREEZING MY PHONE I think I will uninstall it now  
Getting on freaking nerves It does not turn when I want it just keeps jumping  when. When fixed I will Rte 5 stars
