The global market sucks You can not buy what you need out of the market to build your building. Or upgrade city storage or add on to city any more. It freaking sucks now.
Please Fix I used to have this game on my Motorola Moto G and I had no problems what so ever, it was the most fun and addictive game. It was literally my favorite. I now have a LG Lucky, I have been waiting and waiting on a fix to this problem with many downloads for months now and it seems nothing is happening to make a change. Does not fit many folk's screen and shuts off after license agreement. Please fix
Global Market sucks They are gearing this game to make you buy coins. I play for hours looking for one simple item in the market and its always sold or not even showing.  It takes hours to make. Once you do you will see that item in the market easily purchased. Global Market is ruining this game
One of the Best I use to rank this game higher but now,  not so much. Game has become boring and getting what is needed to buy land takes 3 weeks most times.  I don't want to build other types of homes but seems required booooooo Game play is slow and boring and cost of upgrades are unbalanced and silky.  Blah blah blah sure not enough to keep me playing except at most boring times, white I take a big dump
010 Still better than SimCity 2013.All EA provides is shiny logos and undone money begging games.
HQ is STILL dysfunctional HQ is still miserable  still needs a search option Finally reached 500K in population just to be stuck Why is it random gifts can pop out of building tops, beaches can appear, paris, london  an airport oh'my BUT I STILL CAN'T BUY A BULLDOZER w over 3mil in simoleons
Bug Be careful if your playing from multiple devices I lost weeks of play because I grabbed my ipad that I hadn't used in weeks. It started the game offline and I thought when I logged in with Facebook it would download my game. Nope it uploaded my weeks old ipad data.
I like it, but Simcity is one of my favourite,  but Global Market needs to be fixed and don't push as to buy more srorage or expansions by real money. So, from 4 now is 2
Beware I had to learn the hard way. Somehow the game wasn't connected to Facebook for a while. When I tried to log in, it wants me to update my city with an older version saved to Facebook. Would be nice to have an option to update with the current city I have been playing. 6 months of gameplay down the drain, gg.
Keeps crashing. The program will work for only thirty seconds on my out iPad and then crash leaving me to play on my cell phone tiny screen.  Yeah.
