Deleting this game. Does not allow you to change colours, also some sections you just cannot pass as wrong colours come out and you will never pass and for that reason I'm deleting this game.
disliked this game very  much...you cant swap out shooter colors and very seldom will the shooter go where it's aimed...just not fun like many other bubble games
Too easy then stupid Most levels in 10 seconds, then 4 days on one level because the game purposely doesn't give you the color you need. Feels like I am at the will and whim of a tyrannical king.
What is this crap How is this game even in the store The balls are squares with a circle in the middle, this is so weird and stupid. Not smooth at all
Game ALWAYS get interrupted Love playing the game but ALWAYS gets interrupted and to me its annoying Also you finish a level and then u think your on the next level and its the same one over and over and u pass that level like 5 times
Terrible There was way to many ads First of all, the levels, way to easy I could get some of them with 2 bubbles Really upsetting Second, the picture looks so great in the pictures, but when you actually play it, all the bubbles, actually everything, looks grainy When you try to shoot them off the sides to hit a different bubble, they don't go the way you want them to, and it's not realistic This game is so annoying, do not get it There is no point in it the picture is bad levels are way to easy
awesome until So this game is great. Don't get me wrong. However, it keeps starting me back at level 79 when I start it, regardless of how far beyond it I advance. Not cool. Otherwise it's a good game, great way to pass some time.
Piece of crap game. You will reach certain levels that are unbeatable. Since collors of the balls are generated at random you may never get lucky. Stuck at lvl 113. Uninstall
Greatest Waste Of Time EVER Only one use for this game, send it to someone you really want to annoy
It's good just tired of the pop up distractions. Also after you don't click and down load or buy anything from the apps that pop up, the game goes in a slow mode to make it so you can't advance any further.  Very bad I'm removing this game asap.  Bad scam
Had there's no options Can't turn down the annoying music if I'm listening to something else on my phone. Aside from that I love this game...but the no options part is very annoying
Too basic.....not 1000 levels more like the same 1st 50 levels times 20. Very cheesy.
Horrible amount of pop up adds that pop up while you are playing messing up your game. I would not reccomend this game simply due to the amount of adds. The game itself is great and I would give five stars but with the adds it doesnt deserve one star.
Good, until it's not I loved this at first. But now I'm stuck on 14. It doesn't give me anything I can use. I've been stuck on it for a week. It keeps glitching and switching the colors of the balls every so often after I shoot them...or is that supposed to happen as part of the challenge The levels go back and forth, easy hard easy hard. ..but like I said, I'm stuck now. I quit.
LG REALM The pop up adds is ridiculous. Soon as u try your first shot it takes u to play store get rid of it and it would only make it to 4 star make accuracy better and it would b 5 star. gtThis is new, dropped one star cuz the ball goes where it wants a lot not where u say to shoot
