Disappointing Has anyone been able to download everest It won't download and my daughter is very upset. It's frustrating and turning out to be a waste of money
Won't download. Looking for a refund Managed to get rid off the download but can't see how to get a refund Not at all happy Complete con Why has this game not been removed
Disappointed My son loves paw patrol so decided to download, however even though he has earned badges the next time he logs in the badges are gone It also keeps coming up with restore purchases
Frustrated It will not let me buy the new level it says billing is not initialised. I have emailed with no reply. Please sort it out asap. Plus communication would be good also.
Doesn't work. Can't type the name to start....
Downtown don't work It took all my data and does not work You explain that to a child Refund or fix
Not working My lil boy is upset as the app has stopped working and won't go pass the loading page
Bad Bought this for my autistic son, it takes far too long to load and there's far too many screens to skip and too many instances of waiting to load for me its annoying for somebody with autism its excruciating. He also keeps pressing the restore purchase's button which leads to 10 minutes wait before he can play again. This game isn't good enough to have a price tag
Rubbish I liked this game before the uograde but now it wont let me get past the name screen ir download the new level.  This needs sorting out esp due to the amount charge to initially download.  I would suggest the developers give us the new level for free for all our angry and upset children.  I would give no stars if i was allowed to.
Can only play 3 levels Why wont downtown unlock My daughter is so frustrated and so am i.
Doesn't work keeps saying restore purchase my son's going nuts
DOES NOT WORK Do not buy this. All we get is a screen saying Restoring purchase. Please wait. I and all others complaining should get a refund.
Rubbish Can't get past naming screen  I seemed to have figured it out with NO help from these people so read on and hopefully it will work for you all I did was install a different keyboard app off playstore and it then allowed  us to type, good luck hope it solves it for you, it still gets 1 star though for the lack of support after taking my money 
So angry Why dont the developers answer. My son loved this game  we did the update but cant play the new level. Thought it was a glitch so uninstalled to redownload. Had to pay for the whole game AGAIN And it still doesnt work. R140 for a game that doesnt work properly. Sad kid and a very angry mommy. Fix this pls
I have a huge problem,because the game open but doesn.t work restoring purchase.Can someone tell me what this means or what i can do.
Turd Paid 4 all it does it play theme tune and say loading
Dissapointing Downtown won't unlock, says having trouble initialising payment. And very expensive for what it is..
My son loves the gane but wants to play downtown and having sane issues with billing initializing like other people have stated
Samsung galaxy tab a So bad downtown is not unlocking
CON Paid for this app and it DOESNT work I am fuming and also have an upset child. Do not pay for this.
Please fix My boy loves this game and wants the downtown level, but whenever i try and purchase it says mobile billing failed to initialize. Please fix this.
Paw patrol rescue run Game starts well but will not link payment to allow me to use the next games please sort
Paw Patrol Rescue Run Cannot run DOWNTOWN it just locks up, drives my daughter to tears
Bad to bad It takes too long to load never ends. I have the payed version do you refound my money please
Rip off When I spend over 4 on a game I don't expect to find areas locked and needing MORE money pumping into to the game to be able to play it. Especially as this is a kids game.
Freezes Doesn't work
Disappointed Refund please refuses to install
Doesn't work Cannot input name to Play
Cant get by stage to put in names. Cant get by stage to put in names. Won't allow me to put letters. Please fix as this was costly enough for nothing
Rip off doesn't work Payed for this and it doesn't work when you.  Click on it,it just says loading and never does.Total waste of money and disappointment for my son who wanted to play it.
Where is Everest Bought this for my daughter as she loves Everest, it says it is there but where Happy to change review when that part of the app is there
Won't let us enter name.would like money back you thieves. Stupid can't even play
