It was fun before the update I'm not sure what has happened I wrote before that before the update it was better since the update there has been a lot of bugs now in the middle of a season you can't even load the game it, freezes at the beginning to a black screen hope they fix it soon. What a waste of a tournament . Not the first time this game has crapped out they need to get their act together on this before people give up or erase this game
Update stinks When you run out of tickets you can't leave the game. You can t use back button. You have to force close the app or buy tickets. You can't just leave the game.
Really bad game. Very poorly designed game. No balancing or ability to combat over powered, pay to win opponent's. Any decent tuning requires real money. Avoid unless you are dumb enough to throw cash at this game.
game sucks i cant even play ever since the new update come out sucks because i will enjoyed playing this game
OMG Fix This, Game Won't Start, My Device is Advan Vandroid S5J , The game Won't start After Sign in Google Play, Please Fix This Problem And im gonna update my Rate 
Disappointed The update deleted my progress. Now I've gotta start all over You gotta be kidding me
Very bad I download this game then I open it in display all is black please say what I do
Up date problems Are there being problems reported , every time I get a video my screen goes blank and I have to restart the game, I'm on a Samsung tab, my son on his Ipad his game shuts down after a video all on its own
Crashes on loading screen Whenever i launch the game my game freezes and doesn't do anything until I exit out of it, help
Rip off. I have spent over 100 dollars over time on this game and it will not let me restore my purchases. It says that's what it is doing but it does nothing. It doesn't even let me load my last profile back to the way it was so now I have to use crappy vehicles and start back at level 1. I will be uninstalling this game from my phone and be giving it a 10 star rating until this is fixed. I would strongly recommend that no one spend any money on this and if you do then you are a moron.
Its not responding My game is not responding. Plz fix this problem than I will give you 5 stars
I played it before and its awesome but now I can't play, its stocked from the beggining
Finished I completed the class c car and I was supposed to get a million dollars from first place but never did
Poor game its nt responding in my cel phon try to fix that problm
What happened The game is not loading at all 
looked like a good game but it wont even fully load
Don't download it Don't download this game I swear it cannot be played
WTF It freezes every time I try to play it
Hate it Game won't even play
These Infernal loading time It pisses me off for the fact of how long the game loads.pls tell me whats wrong
It's b.s.  Way to many cheaters
Dufetj You dog
Warning After installation game updates,  immediately asks my email or account and after giving my email game doesn't work anymore.  If I get spam mails and I have to change my email I drag you to court. Eod.
