Glu is banning accounts with assumptions Dont waste your time and money anymore on this game. They ban my account just because i had some turf cars that i won from pinks. They ban Without proof. I even ask for proof and was just ignore.
Needs to be fixed Plz fix I just started playing it right now when it says let's get your own car the app backs out please fix
Not good I bought the 100 pack of gems and money and it said it couldn't be transfered so I just lost 200 on this dam game
Not ever again Im not playing the stupid game for 5 reasons 1.scammers 2.car thiefs 3.special offers wall dont pay you gems 4.my cars go 1 mph and 5.cant even get past level 1 bonus reasonturf wars dont allow you tp go in so I recommend people to rate 0 stars if possible
I got scammed I was playing in the morning then i had my little brothers hockey. I came home went on and my 5 best cars were gone. Lucky me i had 210000 dollars. I bought a nissan gtr . I had my hockey and when i went back on after it my gtr was now gone too. So if i could get those cars replaced i would rate it 5 stars
Lost account Had to remove and reinstall the game. after doing so I let the game download logged into my Google account I used and now my account is gone I will not play this game anymore unless my account is returned Blown 042
Its fun for a awhile, upgrading and doing races to advance the campaign. Matchmaking is a nightmare, however. C class cars in same lobby as r2s in my experience. Coming to the end of campaign,  and had to ask myself if I saw myself playing more, after only being challenged for car's pinkslip.  The final straw was this game causing cpu lagging on my phone. No thanks.  Uninstalled
Gems Supposed to have 560 gems never got them support doesnt wanna do nothing very annoyed something needs to be done want my gems
WTF My account stuck in the middle SHOWDOWN RACE JDM. Cannot exit. Almost 4 days. Uninstall and install back the game also the same. Poor games .Did anyone know how to do it 
Game looks cool but don't download Just downloaded this Game and b4 I can even do a test run its Crashed my phone 2 times...... don't Down load any glu games they all have problems........check out tbull games they work and have some awesome games unlike glus crappy games that crash after 30 seconds If you don't wanna take my word for it just read other Comments and see for your self before downloading please do your self that favor......
Help may 7  galaxy tablet Videos freeze game... Still have not got gems back from when crates messed up from wwe turf still feeling ripped off for 50 real cash.... the new upgrade is cool not running so slow.. but now i cant use the team area to delete member who are not playing turf and when it does work backing out of it causes the waiting circle that freezes the game....
Dkddjdjdj Doesnt even open when the nitto comes up the screen turns black and doesn't work for tablet
Worst game ever They scam you out of credits....you do offers on there wall and they dont pay.....i refuse to recommend this game to anyone...if i were you..i would steer clear away from this game...they are money hungty scammers...they fit right in with all the glitchers and scammers in game...plus they dont fix anything...they add more crap instead of fixing the problems with the game....stay away....its a joke
This game is unfair the cars is to expensive and to get alot of gemz to buy the cars is impossible  there is nothing that this game would do to help the honest people on the game against scammers...stats steeling our cars.....if that can be handled i would play the game 247 with a smile on my face....just fix it or do something that can help us against scammers
Very upset Yesterday I got 913 gems saved up then the game froze. So I just started the game back up and I only have 8 gems can some one help cuz the part that sucks is its the second time something has went wrong but if u cant help this small situation I cant give more than one star
