Not as responsive as a console game If you are used to console based play, where you press buttons to steer left and right, you'll be dissappointed. Playing on a good tablet makes no difference. The game has good presentation, but lacks the finesse and predictability of a DS, Wii or other physically interactive system. It is for this reason alone that I rate it as poor.
No Moga support Unlike Sega's other titles, the Moga controller isn't supported in this game so gets 2 out of 5.  You'll get a 5 star review once you add Moga controller support.
If only it was the PC Port... I've been waiting too long for this release 3 yrs  and although its the Apple  DS build, it sucks really outdated. If only they would have ported the PC or even the Wii version this would have CAKED it.  I'm sure highend devices with as NVIDIA Tegra 34 or Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 chips can handle it. SEGA please fix Port the PC version
Kinda sucks. Terrible sounds, flat level design and a wimpy multiplayer. I kind of expected more out of this game. What a let down.
. Handling is horrid.. If you turn to quickly it doesn't register.. And feels like you are steering a cow .. PC version is great.. But this is utter rubbish.
I have waited so long for this day I loved this game on the iPad but on Android it's too slow or lagging... Slow response doing turns and everything...plz fix it and I will gladly make it 5 stars
Meh So underwhelemed. I thought this would be like MarioKart for android. But unfortunately the game of full of flaws, for one it doesn't work on my Acer Iconia a500 just shows a blue screen and force closes. And although it runs on my gs4 the controls are just annoying to use and makes a game that has the potential to be great only subpar. Fix the controls and the crashing issue and this game would be a fivefive but until then Uninstalled
Low frame rate This game is really irritating for a lot of reasons, its on auto pilot and you can't change that so effectively all you can do to control your character is turn left and right and there are consistant frame rate drops, I uninstalled after download I want a refund.
Very upset after paying to download app did not work.  Also would not give option to refund my money.  Terrible app and terrible way of conducting business.  Thiefs
Why Game doesn't work correctly on galaxy s3.wish they would tell you that.butt. h oles
