Worse Every time I tried to download it and when it finishes it doesn't let me open the game it just closes and then when I try to download is again it doesn't let me open PLEASE FIX THIS because I LOVE this game and I want to download it so I can play it
I loved this game but.. I absolutely hate it now because first the game obviously sides with pc gives it freekiks second the controls r crap when im going forward i press c n then i stop going forward ruined alot of runs for me n i lost gc cup please fix this if u dont understand what i mean try contacting me and i will explain properly untill then it will be 1 
It's so laggy I have played dream league soccer before and I love it but in my Samsung tab the game play is soo Laggy I can't even run.... Please fix the Lag or should I go back to playing fifa
The Controls Suck Every time I go like left or something and it goes out my control PAUSES and makes all my characters go left. Also the reason I lost the past like 3 games...   Why do they get advantages when they did the exact same thing I did and I never got any advantages Just UNFAIR
Game sucks DONT DOWNLOAD NEEDS TO BE FIXED All the other teams can kick me all they want but if i tap them i get a red flag its gay NEVER DOWNLOAD THE CREATER OF THE GAME IS STUPID
Asus memo pad At first it was gud.now it is not opening.like when I click for a match,it will load till half and stuck their.I waited and waited but it didn't move From its place.pls fix this .then I will rate it 5 stars...
The ref  is  not smart He never counts fouls when a player slide tackles my players it's so UN fair
Multiplayer It needs to multiplayer mode for every kind of phone and not for apple only, that's kinda boring you don't find any friend to play with and you get bored playing with same easy teams... First thing it has to be easier to be downloaded, i've tried for 4 days to download still not downloading.
Worst game ever I used to love it . I bought Ronaldo and Messi and all the greats but now the game is just crazy. The players dont run,they dont do what they are supposed to and the goalkeeper is absolute rubbish. He isnt even moving right I hate this game
Damn control Whenever I lose a match it is because it keep forcing out the from the control pad when it switch players. If you fix this then its enjoyable to play
