Pro won't work without data turned on Beware that if you're stuck in some place without data, Pro won't work because it can't check your license first so you are screwed.
My Titanium Backup has stopped working correctly.   It's saying I only have 4 apps installed on the whole phone.  It's not showing anything beyond that.   I can't back up my apps because they don't show up.   Not system apps not user apps.   Ughhhh.
Works incredibly... Before it stopped working. Loved this app, the pro version has gotten me through many a phone. However after upgrading to Lollipop on my One M8, the app will hang when checking license, and never read the pro key. I've been dealing with this for 3 months now with no solution, the app will only work when its the free version without the key. Assistance would be much appreciated
Useless Ive been using TBP on my devices since I purchased my first smartphone  the Motorola Droid1and it was always a 5 star app . The main reason for having the app installed is for me to be able to backup and restore system apps and freeze preinstalled bloatware. While the freeze function still works TBP can no longer change System apps to Users apps or Restore System apps  data from the TB backups . Rooted Galaxy Avant , TMobile
Do NOT Update What was a sporadic failure of the pro key is now a COMPLETE FAILURE My key worked most of the time for years until this update. Uninstall, reinstall, even restored the TB Pro from TB and it still won't recognize it. Please fix this and get five stars back.
License not found Been a paid up user for years, but recently TB won't recognize my pro license, even when I'm on a strong data connection. Devs
Waste of money Sorry, but I have to write this because I got so frustrated after spending money without getting anything. I purchased the pro version hoping that it can  convert system app to user app and uninstall vendor apps. But it couldn't do both the things. So, the pro version can do nothing special than the free version for me at least. I would be happy if you guys refund me.
Pro not working without Internet drain I don't have Internet at my home remote location. The Pro Key will not function without Internet. Is there a work around for this problem
Checking License.... This is NOT working. Per the suggestion to Uninstall and reinstall the pro key, I have done so numerous times. Titanium backup still only allows me to use the unpaid features.
Stuck with the free version This is the first app that I have bought and I can't even use it. It doesn't search for my license so I am stuck with the free version even after I payed.
I bought it but still have free version. I followed troubleshooting instructions on titanium track website and they didn't work. It's too late for google play store refund. I payed for nothing.
Cloud back up no longer working Will not back up to Box or Google Drive.  I have removed cloud accounts and reset up.  Also tried different accounts.  Will still will not move past Enumerating backup files.  Stuck at 0.
Carbon rom Ahhhhh I tried to like this app sooooooo hard. finally got prokey to work after 3 days and now its sayin I cant finsish my backups due to lack of memory. when I have a 16G sd card and use Links2sd and have plenty internal memory aswell uggghhhh ok bye Titanium and hello ease backup pro. man what a nice fast easy solid backup app that is. Off to rate it 5 stars now  no im a super using flash freak I deff not doin it wrong this app needs updating bad
I like this, but I only buy this to change between system app and market app, so I buy this. It has over 20 features with pro, but I only buy this for converting system and market apps, so I don't know why do I even need to pay 67 dollars to use one feature 1 dollar is expensive in my currency.
