sucks after im done with a round it kicks me out so i dont get my coins or chests, nothing ... so i will be uninstalling it ... such a shame cuz i really love this game and play it all the time
Game kicks you out and lose bingo tickets and power ups.can't get enough to buy power ups or keys only give ya small amount of coins fix this game it sucks
Bingo crush I haven't been able to play this game at all. All lt says is that it has stopped for three days now. Don't u think it should be fixed.
I like it..BUT....I HAD 4 BINGO's and didnt get Credit on ANY OF THEM  Stay tuned..I just started playing and so far...I know it will not give you your winnings.....I had 4 Bingo's JUST NOW..and didnt get anything for any of them....
Can be fun...but collecting ALL PIECES to advance to the next game will take you forever..I've been trying to get my last piece now for 4 freaking months.who do I have to sleep with to get it It's costing a fortune for just ONE piece
Its a good game but I am wasting my tickets trying to get dice and I've bingoed like 10 times and haven't gotten my dice for it so I quit waste of time if I can't even play the whole game No dice
Please fix your issues Please fix ur issues I love this game but every time there's a problem with it it takes my tickets and only twice out of 64 times did I get the tickets back. I would at least like some of my tickets back I lost a total of 105 tickets and that's not fair so please fix the issues, plus it doesn't look good when half the ratings I look at for this game are of the same problems this is crazy I'll go to who I ever I have to to fix it its the principal of the matter
Game keeps kicking me out and I'm losing tickets and power ups. That's if it lets me log in at all.
Uninstalling Game constantly kicks you out making you lose tickets power ups and games. started off well but having to uninstall now as can't put up with it
lots of glitches, no tech support The game keeps freezing and not giving me earned tickets, coins, xp, etc. I've emailed tech support several times, asking for my tickets back. I have NOT ONCE received a response. I used to really like this game, but not taking care of your customers is unacceptable
I think when you have events such as theme park you should get dice every time you bingo.  I have won bingo 15 times and not one dice.  Stop doing the event.  Its a big joke
I've been playing for many months. Great game, happy  satisfied. Just recently I played the Waterdrop. WOW What a Complete RipOff scam that game is. I'd like to know how a Bingo, 33 each game can possibly be achieved, game over in 79 seconds Oh, the few times I hit more than 2 's, the game glitches, throws me out, and NO tickets are gifted back  Rip off.
deleting this app for good. its a good game but keeps on crashing million times. it sucks when u get multiple bingos and suddenly it crashes. its annoying. fix ur app ur loosing good reviews
Loved this game For the 30 mins I was able to play it. Game won't load now so I'm gonna have to uninstall it.
Bingo crush Great game. It would be better if it didn't take so long to get tickets. Game stopped and I lost my tickets and power ups.
Makes me mad So I set out on a quest to find a good, simple bingo game. This is not it. Bugging me every 5 minutes to rate, obnoxious music, it crashed while I had a double bingo and I came back to 6 tickets. I spent all the tickets it gave me and said the hell with this. Get more tickets How I couldn't even use my coins to get more powerups as I assume that's what they're for because the only place I could see to spend them is in the slot machine between games. Uninstalling immediately.
