Zynga poker is a legal way of racketeering. They run and allow program robots to play with the full intention of stealing your chips. They also allow players to run bot programs that are designed to rip people off.
Over it I'm so annoyed by getting notifications, around 35 within seconds of each other in a row, every few minutes to hours And that's not including ones that aren't grouped notifications I have turned off all notifications, and i have double checked in settings. I have them all turned off, yet i keep getting them                                          I WILL BE UNINSTALLING IF THIS KEEPS UP
Slot Machine Zynga is being looked into for racketeering.     The FBI are investigating claims.   Zynga clearly runs an algorithm to drain you of your chips so you buy more.   I for one will be in on this lawsuit.
Tom My account gets removed for some unknown reason Really Fcktards, go f yourselves Why doesn't someone contact me and explain I was near level 60 and 15 million in chips and it's gone with no explanation.
WTF Now my tablet doesnt support zynga when ive played on here for years wow, what a let down youve become
Banned account Iam playing with more than 400 million chips suddenly account banned why no reason
Too many issues Can't get chips in correct act. Never am able to send gifts to friends. Love the league. Just getting to be a pain
What a joke. Never in my life have I seen bad beats and sheer luck from some games there is no way the random card shuffeler is working or any good. Guy has straight flush straight. flush 3 of a kind and pocket aa in a row wtf just nonsense. Also every tourneyment has players going all in preflop every game u enter and just think they awesome when they triple up due to pure luck and not an ounce of skill
same but ok it still same..when i buy something on the table,then when switch room the things gone..but overall nice game..
Game is a rip off This game is a joke. Computer generated but yet one day you have the best day and the next 3 weeks you can't get a hand to save your life. This game supports teams, and bingo's on a 5 2 when you have pocket AA's. This is a money Hungary game and that all there is to it. They just want your money. The bonus spins are a joke. All around this game is just not worth it.
They want me to rate them after they beat me out of all my chips. WSOP Texas hold em is better
Great game... As soon as I rated this app and gave it 5 stars because it was good and I loved it, now I cannot log into game at all.. it says loading and does nothing.. please address this issue as I have spent money on this app.. if I Uninstaller it and reinstall will I lose my chips and game data
