Supports PP I would rate the app 4 stars, but because there was an ad for Planned Parenthood, a forprofit murderers association, I give it 1 star.
Good fun, hate the ads I shouldn't exit an ad and have another pop up 2 seconds later. I shouldn't have ads that say phone full of viruses Clean it Because that is how you get viruses. And also, when you ask me to download a new app, I shouldn't be brought to the freaking app store when I click NO THANKS This is ridiculous                  Update I'm deleting this app, it's not worth it.
Rip off Inapp purchases are ridiculously astronomically high the ones that cost the least give you less. Long story short by the time you're done playing halfway through the app you've paid about 15 for it. Some of these ads are beginning to get outrageous in their costs it's not even fun anymore to play half of them I am uninstalling this immediately 
Riddled With Ads I don't mind ads but this app is severe overkill, played for a while and deleted.
Amateurish Poorly written questions. Sort of like trivia crack in that way. Slightly addictive though. I'll be uninstalling it after playing it for another ten minutes.
Fun Would have rated 4 stars but everytime I open the app the app starts to blink on and off and it hurts my eyes..if not fixed I will have to uninstall such a really good game..please fixed the blinking
Stuck on level 21 of the general riddles. the answer is chalkboard, however there is no H... all the other letters are there accept the H, so I cannot complete the section of the game and there's is no way for me to report any issues accept by giving the game a rating. If that was fixed I would give it a 5, but bc I cannot even get half way through the game, I am staying with my current rating.
Portrays People in general Badly Example Women don't like to be called this.... Well for your information you men don't like being called that either. There are plenty more like this, not only about women. What's bad is that it sends kids bad messages. Would've been great for helping kids to spell.
Annoyed problem Actually this game is a good game, but there is an annoyed problem that makes me really bother. Can you just stop showing the advertisements They really bother me. Everytime i want to give an answer, there's always an advertisement shows. So please can you fix it Stop the advertisements show. Thank you.
bad, has no text after opening the app i saw that there was no text so i could not understand how to play  please improve would have given it zero stars
Amateur Ok game but how can you guess answers that are WRONG Like religion's greatest enemy science No. That's not religion's greatest enemy, so how do you guess a wrong answer
