Worst Only work in the fiest time and It does not work in the second time and the next..next....time. The direction was not sent to my gear fit.
Vibration doesnt work Please fix the vibration and let it vibrate at 800 feet and 400 feet because if it vibrated at 100 feet you would get a vibrate when you were passing the street
i ran the app on the gear fit as instructed then open the google navigator and select a route but directions are not sent to the gear fit. it just says its waiting for the phone to communicate with the gear fit. notifications enabled but still no luck.  no support, does not work samsung s5
Could do with work Doesn't vibrate like it says it does so you don't know when your turning is coming up. I bought this for cycling and I can only use it when the sound is on on my phone. Making this app pointless and a waste of money. Screen stays on when it would be better if it light up and vibrated when approaching turning. Please fix and update as I feel like I have been robbed.
Vibration 100 meters prior to a turn 100 m is not enough to react specially if driving in a highway.
Bad It doesn't work even i click on setting it always quit from this APP
Gear fit just says waiting for maps
Searching for GPS... I get stuck there
Forced stop after navigation start on galaxy s5.
Won't work I do everything I'm supposed to do to have it work but it will not sync to my watch The idea sounds great just wished it worked
15 minute Turd The 15 min.s they give to decide if you like it should be a good indicator that it's a Turd You'll get more for your money from buying a happy meal.. .
Might be handy if it was more user friendly. I don't like that I have to launch this app before launching my maps in order for it to work. The vibration to make you aware of your next instruction doesn't work. In general, a disappointing experience. Don't waste your money.
Sounds good but Not working Not working. I tried everything, even insatalled maps ver 8. It's just show waiting for maps.
Did not work Did not work. I have a samgsung s3
Never got it working Purchased but not currently installed since it never worked as instructed.
Doesn't work Buggy, please fix and I'll buy again.
