Still doesn't show atmospheric readings Needs an update badly. Cannot get current atmospheric readings. Shows error message when attempting to access atmospheric readings. Please fix. 5 on an app that doesn't work correctly Obviously the developers of this app do not care as people keep spending money on it. Overall, the app is ok for getting decent zeroes. Please fix this problem guys and gals.
Charging for this app is like charging for a new scope with no objective lens.  It does not work.  From other  reviews I'm not alone.  Cannot find my location for current weather conditions.   And now they want me to buy an expensive wind meter.  Hmm, wonder if that works.  So sad.  And Nikon has it's name attached to it.
This app is a joke. Nikon has a great product, but absolutely NO support behind it.   The app doesn't  work, I can't pick my caliber  ammo, the atmospheric conditions portion doesn't work either. Great scope, HORRID support.  Tried to leave feedback per their link on their website and guess what their email server is down as well.
Needs work Weather is not downloading, the field chart locks my phone up. Please fix these issues
Rlstuff104 After last update it doesn't work at all
Broken Buckmaster ll 412x40 is not what you get when selected. Reticle picture is wrong. Constantly crashes if closed. You have to clear data and cache of app to work again. Don't bother. Terribly broken app.
Keeps crashing Installed....inputted info, but it didn't show what had been put in and then crashed. Keeps crashing.
Error Atmosphere Conditions I still cannot get the Atmosphere Conditions to update.  I always get an error cannot find location no matter where I am and yes GPS is turned on my Samsung S5.  Please fix this
Needs improvement Unable to get atmospheric conditions....needs more ammo types.
Used to love it Need to add the buckmasters 2 scopes
Wish the atmospheric conditions would sync with my GPS.
Update as of 942015. The fact that you can't get enviornmental factors from the app is lame. Wish I had gotten what I paid for.
Doesn't work App fails every time I try to use it.
Need update Keep saying it stop working
Crap Keeps crashing, and doesn't work right with the buckmaster2 scope I got. Very displeased
Needs some work I like the app. However it's needs some work. The current atmospheric data for my GPS location  will not load. Gives Error message everytime. Field chart also will not load and causes my phone to freeze. Please fix these issues I really would like this app to work.
What hppened Used to be great but now won't adjust ammo settings. STILL broken months later. Hello, developers
Not worth the money.. Unable to acquire atmospheric conditions from network and phone locks up when trying to load field chart please fix or refund.  Also, I feel that this app should be free to anyone who has purchased a Nikon scope like myself..
Bugged This thing is bugged  I input my scope ammo etc and it worked great the first time.  I tried to go back and change my ammo and it won't change anything.  It's stuck on 22250 permanently as the first ammo I loaded into the app.  If this program was free I wouldn't complain but it wasn't and they need to fix it.
Ammo and weather Needs more of the commonly used ammo and weather thing don't work either gives error message
