Greenify contribution Like other comments Won't open the experimental sections, therefore a ripoff. Could have grabbed a cold one at the local carry out. Supported Mainland China Guess so. Deletion of both apps ASAP. Google doesn't care about us.
No longer allows system app hibernation This app worked great until they updated it yesterday. I paid 3 bucks to have the ability to greenify Google maps and such because it sucks battery. Worked fine before the update, but now it tells me I can't hibernate system apps What did I pay for
Causing many problems App is slowing the phone and interferring with nova launcher on Galaxy S Cyanogenmod. Causing also other problems. I will go with the free version, which is a great app.
Need a proper framework app I purchased it mainly for the features you can have when using it with the Xposed app. I didn't succeed installing it. Thus I cannot use the app as I wanted... Last update from Xposed dev is from more than one year ago... App is dead
Excited, but sad I'm using asus zenfone 2, its x86 based arch, xposed module cant be installed on x86 based android.. Then for what reason i donate D, hopefully there will be more x86 apps
Update ruined it Now it doesn't acknowledge that I have the donation version. Won't let me hibernate system apps, and keeps trying to hibernate apps that I already hibernated. Ready to uninstall.
Keeps making me redownload I purchased this some time ago and everything has been fine until today. I did a clean install of my ROM this morning and now the main app keeps telling me that I have to redownload the donation package. I've done this 45 times already with reboots in between and every time I try to activate the experimental features it makes me download the donation package again. In short, it's not working anymore. Not good for a paid app...
Donation package corrupt I have the donation package installed across multiple devices and all have the same issue whenever I reboot my phone, all donation features no longer function. An error comes up that states donation package is corrupt. I have contacted the developer and did not receive a response. Great app, worth the money even for the free features, but the donation app is currently useless.
Disappointing Earlier i had rated it with 5 stars,,, but now from the time they have made mandatory to install another app  xposed installer,  not a play store app to work this current app, I'm very disappointed.. Coz.. xposed installer doesnt supports ART mode,,  if you installed it on dalvik mode than xposed will not let you turn your phone to ART mode.  Coz i believe with ART mode there is a nice amount of difference in my battery life  performance.
