Non working I paid my hard earned money for a game that doesn't work on my device. Do not download this game if you have a galaxy note edge.
Great on pc. Wish I could play it on my shield portable Awesome game on pc but alas I'm getting the black screen bug, If the developer fixes I'm sure it would be a 5 star game, as it stands I feel I totally wasted my money and not judging by the amount of complaints I'm not alone. Maybe they should take it down until its fixed
There are no words. The graphics on this game are superb. I have tried on and off for three days to figure out how to play this game. There are no directions. As far as I can tell, the characters plod aimlessly around the game. The game us beautiful to look at but sometimes I tap the screen and they won't move at all.
Forget it... I installed it for my granddaughter on her Hudl2. The app worked fine for one day. Then we encountered the 'black screen' problem. Followed all steps offered by various forums e.g. reinstall, delete data..Nothing works. A complete waste of money and time.
Black screen After the loading screen, everything was black i tried exiting the game but it made my phone freeze. I will give it 5 stars if the problem is fixed. I really want to play the game
I don't want a refund. I want to play this great game I'm using a new Samsung Galaxy Note 4 with Android Lollipop 5.0.2. The game became unresponsive when the scene changes black screen in the middle with an arrow on the top left and two columns of game backgroundwallpaper on both left and right of screen. Need to wait patiently for a fix for Note 4 and Lollipop users. Will give 5 stars once it is fixed as it should be. 
Black screen I was so excited to play this game then I open it, the title pops up then I get a black screen with a white arrow in the upper left hand corner. One time I actually got to see a tree with glowing balls, then back to a blank screen. I can't believe I just wasted 4.99 on this but honestly what makes it so much worst is that I had high hopes for this game and couldn't wait to play it. Please, pleaseee fix this problem I see that I'm not the only one experiencing this.
Black screen I love this game and was very excited to play it. I have played this on the computer multiple times and have always had fun, but now that I try it on my phone, all I get is a black screen with a pointless white arrow. I payed 5 dollars and am very disappointed that I cannot play it. DO NOT BUY UNLESS ON COMPUTER UPDATE update on game fixed issues. Buy on phone
Hangs when loading game. Hangw most of times on note 4, and when it does start, its ridiculously slow..should include a performance setting for high resolution devices. It fails to start on my Note 2014 10.1 as well, throws Package Helper error
Won't work It seems I cannot even download this game now but when I did first buy it, it did download, but would open in black screen first. I'd have to close it first before it would work and it always kicked off my sd card, how does that even happen No other app I've downloaded ever did that. It was less than 1 when I bought it so I was lucky there, I'll just have to cut that loss.
No sense A waste of money because games are about progress so there is enjoyment. When getting stuck is so natural and touch response is so very fickle, not knowing what to do next means no progress is made. A game based on touch interaction to change the environment, only the touch is random and unresponsive...This is why it is very difficult to progress and no progress equals no ability to explore the game I just bought...
Love the game... now unplayable on note4 I love this game and hate to give it one star... after the last update I noticed I can no longer play on note4... game sits on blank screen and doesn't play Please fix, I want to play again I will give it 5 stars when fixed
Does not work for users My kids' tablets are running as restricted users, and this game does not work as a restricted user. It simply comes up with a black screen. Latest version of the app, and fails to work on lollipop and marshmallow. Works as owner, just not as user. Fail.
Very boring gameplay The game and controls are very unengaging. If you're 4 years old and new to games or just catatonic and still want to play a game, this is the one for you. Childish music and animation sequences masked behind otherwise interesting visual stills. This is the definition of buyer's  remorse. No es bueno.
Crashing constantly This looks like it could be a really enjoyable game. But it keeps crashing  and freezing constantly. It's just completely unplayable.
Still not working on Note 4, 5.0.1 DO NOT BUY Pathetic service by developer. The game is not working on several devices and no response from them. It's been more than a month sinxe I bought this game.
Disappointed I paid for this game but was unable to play it. I emailed the developers  told them my issue they never responded. I then asked for a refund  and they are still nonresponsive. How unprofessional. I'm not dropping this.
BROKEN DO NOT BUY If you're looking through the reviews you're the lucky one.  Wish I did. Game is unplayable with little support.  Did everything I could to fix the black screen problem to no avail.  Compounding the issue the forum fix threads are locked so you can't even point out their 'fix'  and 'turn it off turn it on again' don't even work.  The game should be taken off sale until this is amended. Daylight robbery.
Lag lag lag Very disappointed. Lagged like hell on my S6 Edge.  I'd very much like to play and not have to ask for a refund.
Won't let me download. I bought this game and it won't let me download it. Keeps saying error. And it's not the error for not having enough space.
Beautiful game, if it works. Beautiful game, but I still get the black screen on my MeMO pad, so apparently the fix didn't. Really want to play the game on my tablet.
