Problem S version Hi I have only given it to start because of its first chief in girls ass after the first thing does it always ask 2 open the the rest of the version and that's why we are only able to do 3 but I still like this game it's really good ok thanks but try if you fix that problem because as not compulsory thanks
Boring I was on my ring finger when it starts to come that install the full version and I am not able to do it and then it all lefts out. Please fix it
Bad First of all you don't really have anything to use unless you buy the full version which I am not doing, so you need to put more colours and designs in there. And second of all the game doesnt even let me finish the whole hand it just lets me do the first three nails.
For babies I got this app and its telling you what to do but i all ready new how to do it They should get rid of all the adds aswell because theres to many. It sucks and i deleted it as soon as i got it
I thought this would be pretty cool I standed corrected you can't do anything unless u buy the full app which costs money u can only do  3 nails this is a complete rip out
Worst Game Ever I know you have to pay to get everything but it would not even let you paint you nails on one whole hand
Not very good When you get to the fourth nail it comes up with the sign unlock the full version and you can't play any more I am  uninstalling it now
I HATE THIS First of all why do we HAVE to buy the full version I mean like why can't we just so the mulipcation So this should change T
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS I WILL TELL U BECAUSE AT THE 3RD NAIL,U CAN'T DO ANYTHINGTHERE SHOULD BE A ZERO STAR THING
WORSE GAME EVER What kind of GAME is this. When you get to The fourth Nail there is an ad talk is unlock the full game version. I am not going to play this game any more. I am going to delete it right now. I Will rate this game as 1 star.
Hate it just talk about your dumb nails this app is stupid and and all of you are stupid with your ugly nails mine are better than your and I'm not kidding they ARE
Its so rude It's so rude because it only does three fingers
 You only get to do 3 nails  no more then that and if we don't buy the things it just says click the arrow when you are done how dum is I wish they could do everything free not for money stupid game I every seen 
Horrible You can only get to the third nail but when you get on the fourth nail it has an ad on the bottom which covers the nail polish.
Dosent deserve anything It only lets u do your pinky ring finger and middle finger its so stupid and pointless. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
