Using this app is not fun Since the last update it seems to have a mind of its own. It opens on its own. It won't restart video after commercials.
To much chermasials It has to much chermasials plus it keeps saying unfortunately crackle has stopped if u fix it i will give it a 4 or a 5
Crap After last update stops all the time. I keep getting errors.and shuts down videos at random. If it gets fixed i will give a better rating.
Still trash I remember deleting this cr'app for not working once before, guess what I'm deleting again This pos app won't play anything except for their spam before saying an error occurred and kicking me back to the menu. I said no more after watching said spam 5 times ..l..
not as good as Netflix Netflix is better no commercials you get what you pay for I shouldn't even have to tell you uninstall I'm sticking to my good old Netflix this virus need to be a band from the store 90 of the movie you're watching commercials
Delete this ap. Pls. Close your apporganization. You will not succeed if your app sucks, cannot even connect, read other comments of loads of commercials. I know its free but that's not how to win  clients.  Wasted my time.
Update Plz fix and make a new update it dosent have every single movie or tv shows and thats probaly most of the idea of people hating this and mostly rate 1 and 2 stars instead of 5
This app is so gay they have the hungover games but NOT THE HUNGER GAMES do guys know ware I can a better app I mean really
Wow I get that it's a free service with a few good movies and shows but wow This app is horrendous Either video quality is bad or it kicks you out before or after ads. Fix the ad issue and more than one star
Wtf Exactly what bugs did you fix.... Nothing. Your constant ill placed commercial come in absolutely perfect while ALL movies AND shows lag and are grainy at best. Its not my tablet because it is this way on ALL my devices. When I watch a movie I like to actually see the movie not lagging pixels
Crappy app won't even go full screen definitely deleting this s I don't mind commercials but when you get a one inch screen to watch it on no thanks
Movies are in Portuguese What the hell happened, all the sudden I got some kind of message saying crackle stopped working or whatever so I clicked on it and now everything in Portuguese and now won't even open the app, and says crackle cannot figure out if I'm in a supported region
Dissatisfied Tried to watch 1 movie. Took 3 days, app closedcrashed 2 times while trying to watch 1 movie. Once I was able to watch the last 20 mins, it was having issues with playing the movie, but NO issues with playing the commercials. Seriously What's that all about Please resolve this issue Crackle.
Terrible Wow I didn't think tou could make a not so good app worst. Sony out did them selves. I keep getting network errors and videos crashing.
Terrible after download I got literally  three seconds of a movie and the app crashed. Reinstalled  and same problem. Restarted my device, tried a third time, now it wont finish the download. Fourth times  a charm right Wrong, got it downloaded after the commercial played without issue, it buffered for 10 full minutes. The movie loaded, watched it for 20 seconds, then an error occured, lost connection.  Worthless piece of T. uninstalled, done.
Bugs and data leeching This app doesn't work over a wifi network, ensuring a waste of your data as the only method by which this will play anything. Also its player is very glitchy  and doesn't work properly. It will jump far back wards after a commercial, and it's next to impossible to have it seek to the position it was at before.
Wont play Whole movie after third set of ads will skip the rest of the movie.  Like if your dvd was scratched...  I know its free but come on really. Im only using wifi and my internet is more then on par.  Att uverse. Fix and ill rate better
So many ads can't watch a movie Crackle use to be awesome . now it is a waste of time. 2 minutes of movie 10 minutes of ads. Avoiding this crap for ever.
Every five minutes I get a black screen and it logs me out and tells me it's not working Fix it and now it's telling me I'm not in a supported region
Crap I can understand commercials. ..that's fine. But not being able to return back to the same point in the movie. .....unacceptable.  that's why it keeps getting deleted.
A pain.  Yes better the showbox because it works.  But way to many ads I don't mind ads but having ads periodically while the show is playing. Is just overkill.  Just download a tv network app.  Because it will be the same deal.  But yes you will lose selection. But quality will be there.
Needs a lot of work. Great shows and don't mind the commercial but it just sucks even on other platforms.
Have a nice day It appears youre approaching the monetary issue with  the commercial TV standards by adding commercials even during the programs. For me, the entertainment value is lowered dramtically by the constant interruptions. Good luck to Crackle but the crackling noise of commercials is intolerable. Would rather pay a reasonable monthly fee than put up with unwanted interruptions.  It is true..you pay for it one way or the other.
