Good game but So mamy things to be fix like the selfishness of this app ... it doesnt let me play another apps music . And the restart and quit button does not have a confirmation button yes or no which can really be annoying for the players that pause the game and accidentally tap it.
Bad lag Hi, I'm on cyanogenmod 11 4.4.4 on the oneplus one. I got through the first stage just fine. When I get to the second stage and I start the battle, the game starts lagging and remains like that until I close the app. I make sure most background apps are closed before playing and I'm left with at max 2gigs of ram, but the problem still persists. Please help since the game is awesome and I wish to play it. Until then, the 2 stars remain... Installing and uninstalling hasn't worked
Gets too hard too fast Some of the levels are really stupid having paths where enemies turn in to fairies you cant target and turn back right before the exit. I want a refund.
35 shorter than other kingdom rushes...for the same price I hope this isn't a disturbing trend of offering less to cut costs. They will accept any length we give them it's kingdom rush. Reduced from 5 stars to 3 when I beat the game. update no improvement from this clown manufacturer a year later. To a fan they are basically hanging you out to dry. Reduced from 3 stars to 1
Unable to play Game crashes before I could even start playing the first stage. Game starts ok but when you click the first stage, it crashes and gets you back to your home screen. Too bad I paid for this but no use. Was so excited for this since I loved the Kingdom Rush original game. Please provide some fix. Using LG L9.
Buy it from humble bundle to unlock all heroes. If you buy it here you have to pay 5 dollars for each of the 11 heroes. But if you buy it for 10 dollars on the humble bundle store, everything is already unlocked.
Unhappy PAY TO WIN GAME, NO WAY TO UNLOCK OTHER HERO'S WITHOUT MONEY
Micros for days. Even though you pay for the game alot of heroes are locked and can't even be unlocked with in game currency..Shame to see another great game fall to micro transaction greed.
