Ad free version doesn't work on my phone.. I bought the ad free version, I tried to install on my phone. It doesn't seem to work. Is there any way I can get a credit for this ad version Or get the version of the game, ad free
Paid previously, won't restore I paid for this app before you made it free. Why am I asked to pay again to make it ad free I already paid I've had the game for a few years and didn't realise this until I had to change device. I hope you will fix this and I can put the review back up to 5 stars
I don't get my money When I give the snail a chocolate and then come back a few hours later it says ue collected about 10000 coins but when I see my balance it is the same it is even lower than 10000 this has happened twice already
Giga Gagantaur Undying Zombie. i got 6 cannon. i strike 4 times per cannon but still undefeated. is this a bug or what how can i get more than 14 flags if we cant defeat it.
Weird bugs This first bug isnt very big but when I completed the no jalapeos in columns like you see em i also got the no pea in the pool which very odd becuz there was no pool. Also the giga gargantuar and snail bugs are rendering this from being 5 star
Giga Gargantuar It just can't be defeated.  I bomb them almost 7 times. But their still alive. It only takes 4 bombs to stop them. Please fix this bug
Beware Mcafee detected that this app requires my phone IMEI number,contacts, and email address and most of my personal stuff. I think this app is not from a trusted supplier.Install at your own risk
Not good It's pretty annoying now... I play the survival endless and when the gigagargantuar shows up there is no way to kill it. Shot one 6 times with cob cannons, 3 squash, 2 cherry bombs, 2 jalapeos, and 2 mallets it still didn't die that's just ridiculous, why play a game that you can't win And wow, thanks for all the ads that interrupt the game all the time. Also doesn't add coins that the snail collects while away from zen garden.
I have a issue... This games screen is not auto rotate when my tab is rotate it does not rotate plz make them auto rotate cz one side of touch of my tab is damage so plz make it auto rotate plz bro then I give u 5 stars plz
Why the survival is bug. I got only 11 flags..i played in computer and i can get 300 flag..the big zombie is not dead..i hit it how many times in my cannon..pls2 fix this..
Scam They won't fix issues on paid version to force users to use free version, where users will be hit with Ads you'll have to pay for Ad free and also find that coins don't count for the same as they did in paid version. plus in order to beat some levels you will again have to purchase MORE coins to buy special items to use. The least they could do is transfer your credit from paid version to free, but wrong again Very disappointed by EAPopcap's greed.
Giga gargantuar I love this game, but the people below me are right. The giga gargantuar is invincible. And i have played this game before, so i know what it should take to defeat them. Again, this game is generally great. I will change to five stars as soon as it is fixed. Edit apparently this bug has been mentioned in the reviews since almost a month ago, so I'm a little disappointed.
I might have reviewed higher if the game hadn't randomly decided to delete my saved game forcing me to start from scratch, TWICE. Especially after the ridiculously long time it took me to save up coins in order to buy the mini games
Invincible Gigagargantuar The Gigagarfantuar can't defeated at all I use 4 jalapenos, 7 times of corn canon even use the 2 times the hammer, still can't die and didn't even throw the small zombie tht it carry at the back Pls fix it
Giga Gargantuars In my laptop I was able to reach 100 flags in SURVIVAL ENDLESS. In the mobile version the only thing that killed the Giga Gargantuarsred eyes are the lawnmowers. I've tried killing one, bombing it 10 times using cob cannons plus instant killscherry bombs, japalenos and squash. It only died after the lawnmower rammed it. Love this game but please fix it. Again this is only in SURVIVAL ENDLESS. Thanks
RIP OFF I previously paid for this app but after an update it was provided for free rendering my previously paid for version inoperable. I reinstall the game to be introduced to adds. I pay the requested amount of 3.17 to remove the adds but SURPRISE I am still getting adds WTF You should at least set aside your voracious greed and provide the services paid for. I am going to lodge a complaint with Google.
Purchased this game years ago had no ads. deleted wont buy any more games I paid for this game year's ago reinstalled the game last night now it has ads uninstalling game now . Won't eva pay for any Google products again money hungry dog's
