I bought a Halloween legend box for 2000 gold that stated that it  contained Hall of Fame baseball legend Yogi Berra. I spent 20 to get 2760 gold but when I opened the box it contained 7 franchise player coins. This is not what I was led to believe and I'm quite disappointed that's why my rating of this game has dropped from 5 to 2 stars.
Very frustrating I swear they rig tournaments. I was. winning by 5 heading in to the 8th, and by the bottom of the 9th, my bullpen had surrendered 10 runs, 8 in the top of the 9th. I swear you can't win. There are also missing features, such as the fact that you can't adjust your lineup. Needs much  improvement
Cheaters Lost all credibility because teams can score 5,000,000 during weekend event. It's impossible to do so....100,000 pts sometimes in less than 5 mins...contact cust svcs and they say we can't tell u the outcome of cheaters....
Good game, but totally crashed immediately after I paid them money The game itself was great. But in order to stop the incessant popup screens, I forked out a few bucks, and within 20 min the game completely crashed with absolutely no solution other than to uninstall. So, I would highly advise against paying a penny to them. I still actually play the game, but I'm not gonna pay a cent, which sucks because the popups are really annoying and my team is not getting better very fast.
Bad programming Tired of the cheaters being allowed to cheat. Tired of ineffective programming. Stay away from game. Ur can be addictive, but gets very frustrating because the better your team, the worse things get. Example, a matchup that should be easy, you consistently get creamed. The programs are an absolute joke.
Players Make the good players easier to unlock or buy. So maybe earn more amounts of cash And your prices are ridiculous. I would pay if it wasnt so expensive.   UPDATE   I wanna bring up the drafts regarding WHY it it impossible to get a good player I played for hours trying to win 4 green rings to enter an elite draft that resulted in a 2 STAR MIDDLE RELIEVER Like cmon admin make this game more believable. Cut the BS and let us be rewarded something nice for once.
They jack your gold and cash This game is a joke. It constantly freezes and then glitches on pages and makes purchases you never made. When you contact customer support they blame your phone and say no refunds. Well I have numerous friends who play and it happens to them too. Horrible customer service. Do not make purchases on here either. You either don't get it or it takes days. Its a fun game but so many glitches, always freezing and bad business ethics makes this game a zero star.
Never paid to get players.  But it seems that if you pay real money.  You have better chance of winning.   Just like in real life.
Good to terrible quick Game started out fun then all of a sudden all I would hit is ground outs or pop out. They want you to spend money to get your players better. But I think I'll just delete it and play another one.
