Ugh I've waited 8 months to get my phone fixed and now that it's fixed I can't even open the game. I absolutely love this game. So please fix it
the last update was a blow off....damn....I love the last game before the update....graphics is bad and laggy.....
Buggy. Version 2.0 brings a well deserved change to the game but man is it buggy and laggy as hell.. The animations are so choppy Fix them soon they make the game less enjoyable. Trials and crusade are a lot harder by the way I'm unable to clear difficulty 6 which I was able to do easily before the update.
Was fun Was an amazing game but recent update changed the speed of gameplay and visuals to look like candyland and now its almost unbearable.  Im close to uninstalling the game i used to play at least once a day.
Forced bloated update I get that things had to change because theft of another game DotA is bad but some of the changes are unwarranted. How can you add all this visual fluff but not even make room in the skill page for the 5th skill. I still have to scroll down I can't see my gold count when buying chest anymore. Still have a cooldown on trialrift but why Its not pvp. This new grand challenge is a clunky joke. Why do the chest move around if they just combine. FFS hire a real team.
Was happy with game til now I really enjoyed the game til this last update. I liked the fact that this game was simple and fun. If they just updated the character layout, then I would b fine with that, but now with the update they have made the game more clunky and jumbled together therefore making it like all the other mobile games out there. The thing that made them enjoyable and different , they killed. Will not be renewing next month.
Loved it til the last update. Horrible changes to characters, like turning females to males so now you can't use them in the femaleonly challenge. New UI is awful and cramped. Unresponsive.   The update took away so much of the uniqueness. That's what I loved the most. Now it's like most of the others of this genre. I don't  really feel like playing it anymore.
Always crashing Since the new version i cant play it anymore..i can only play using tickets on normal mode..what a dumb way to do an update. If this continue till next year i will stop playing and let my friends know how dissapointing this game is
uninstall till u fix it I will gonna uninstall it till return it back or fix the laggy and return standard box rewards .. today I spent 4 million and none hero card come out 
From Hero to Zero Was my  favorite game but after version 2 it completely sucks.  My game play crashes an average of more than 30 times in a day and the game lags more than my grandmother. The support team doesn't seem to take the issue serious and are just making it worse by ever update rather than better. If they don't get a grip an era of fantastic game play is coming to an end. I am so sad
Please Provide Previous Version Downgrade Version HC ver 2.0 is not even better than previous version. I didnt matter you modify the character, but the graphic is not smooth  also not responsive. Please provide previous version  i dare bet you many players would be happy if you provide that. This one is really bad  please bring back fun exp when we play HC. Thanks
Hate the current version I dont know what have u done ucool in this current version's upgrade. Im confuse and the graphic is much worse than before. The loading tooks longer than before and i do really prefer the older version. Not so confusing and the graphics much ok than the current one. I love this game and having played in few server. So pls do some upgrade on graphic and the difficulty. Thanks. I would have given full stars.
It crashes after ever mission it wasn't looking like dis the last time I played... Not impressed considering how entertaining the game is... Thanks guys... Fix the bug an ill give you the 5 stars
I love this game but......... I understand updating characters, but completely changing them I understand updating the format, but now it forces close if you scroll to fast through anything
Would have gave game or stars but recent update does not allow me to play anymore I do the update can play the first day nothing but loading issues will not load anymore and I am level 88 have put a lot of time and effort and money into it and now everything's f wish I would just put it back to what it was
BUGGY UPDATE BAD, BAD UPDATE Slower than Arctic molasses, crashes within 3060 seconds of starting any activity, awkward interface. Thanks, ucool... uNOTcool at all.
Guild create problem I create a guild then its says you create a guild already but i can't open the guild i created. Please fix it and i will rate you  5 stars . My 500gem is useless.. thank you.
New layout sucks Do not like these new changes to the layout, looks like a different game and i miles preferred it before the changes. Do not feel the changes were neccessary. Has put me off playing. Absolutely loved it before the changes.
You've ruined it The FPS is so lo, that i can't play it anymore. What the hell is wrong with you guys
The new update is a total mess.      The game is also slower.                   The game dont give us good stuff anymore.                                            The game give us impossible rivals to fight in crusade  Plz fix it
WAS Kudos to the game developers, they made a game where as your heroes got higher level it gets weaker and weaker Lame Will not recommend this anymore.
