Needs improvements Needs all characters in the game, would make it more interesting by having to unlock the characters. Needs more stages. So far I've only been thru 2 ....the beach and other one,don't know which one it is. It would of been more fun if it would of been a level game instead of a running game. To bad I purchased it, thinking a refund is under way if it's not fixed very soon Please fix, make it more interesting,see if it can be made into a stages game and unlocking characters
Disappointed  I'm sick of this crap you update it add power ups claim to fix the bugs but you don't  and don't send me the bacic help I have a are you listening a galaxy s3 my problem is that it won't let me move spongebob and yes I have a enough space fix or give me a refund I so done
It wont work Please fix it doesn't load
not what i expected gt this lags soooooo much that i can't even play and i thought i could play as other characters but now i regret buying this crap.
Not good The games controls are not responsive and there is SOOOOO MUCH FREAKING LAG and it also wouldn't let me refund it
Really Not worth it, for a paid app.  To ask this much for an app and, to have so much as in an app purchase with so little in content  It has the same three levels over and over collecting coins to buy limited power ups and costumes before they start asking for money.  If this would have been free, it would have at least delivered a good little game to keep the kids occupied in the car.  But as far a value there are better runners out there, even if you get the puppy eyed six year old face.
It wont download Hi I have a issue on sponge on the run and it won't download. Please fix this then I'll rate it 4 or 5 stars, thank you.
Not all that I purchased the game for my 5 year old. Its far to advanced for her. She gets frustrated every time she losses and they don't have an option to change the game level to easy. So I guess I just wasted my money.
SpongeBob Very bad, it's one of the worst games I have ever purchased for my son. Glitchy, doesn't even react to your movements  most of the time. Rip off
Not that bad It needs to stop going fast I came even get a high score it needs fixing
Don't waste your money Lags and is not user friendly. Its worthless. Too difficult and glitchy for kids and adults.  I wish I could get a refund.
