Don't work half time can't get new game on Facebook it takes your cherries cheats if u win them or buy them Also makes no sense to have a game that needs cherries to play when they r took from
Unreachable goals After I watch the videos to get free coins it says that I got 100 coins but I only get 1 coin. Every new stage that I open it requests more and more cherries. Its very hard to to reach the goals of the pies, somehow I only get the ones with the smallest amount, so I never get to next stage becuse by the time I get close to it the time expires. So disappointed Fun the first few days. 
Total rip off I originally gave a 5 star for the app but since I haven't bought any cherries have not been able to win. I am on level 91 and I have 29 free cherries a day, I can only play on the first level again as I have to wait so long for the cherries to mount up 1 an hour just isn't fair. I won't be playing again until this changes as was promised.
Loyal player that you are ripping off The game has you earn puzzle pieces to earn a set number of cherries or either to increase your daily amount t of cherries.  I have completed enough puzzles to be at 39 cherries, but my daily amount t doesn't increase. It has me at 33 cherries. Just yesterday I completed a puzzle in Salty Spur and it congratulated me on my daily increase, yet my daily cherry of 33 did not increase to 34. Played the Gone Fishing room last week and same thing happened.
Bingo pop Sense the upgrades I don't like it now it's freezing up no guit button and no I don't want it on Facebook either It manage to make me upset now it freeze up thanksI'm looking for a replace as soon as I find one this one will b uninstalled, I got to delete maybe try again another time I still have issues off it goes I'm trying it again time will tell
Should be a 5 Improved performance and stability not happening on my tablet. Very slow loading in all frames of the game,  plus lagging. Surely this can be fixed asap  thank you. UPDATE Where the heck is the Feedback Forum. Dam, I so hate these methods. Why can't u just fix common problems users are experiencing. We know you know its frustrating which is just that so plz fix else uninstalling with disappointment after 5days. Sori guys
Had 46 fish on the go fishing game and got two bingos. Then it froze so i lost 10 cherrys 2 bingos 1cherry would have been at 56 fish plus i lost all the slices of cake on the bonus thing. Very dissapionted in the game now
No wins I haunt won a game since yesterday when I first download the app. I'm over it I keep waste my cherry uninstalling. You don't get a chance to win everybody starts winning after the first 6 numbers
Cheating They know what number you need for bingo and go all around that number. Takes all your cherries. I'm done with this game. I just loaded it and I'm about to unload it
Bingo pop sucks Every stinking time I play now the game freezes right in the middle and it's ridiculous I lose so many power ups and cherries and possible bongos because of it. Someone should really fix it. I want my power ups and cherries back.
My favorite bingo game. But freezes alot or won't load..don't get cherries back when this happens. Takes to long to get cherries as well.
