Doesn't work  no content I have a Nexus 7 2013. It doesn't even open. I messaged the developer a week ago and still no response. Don't waste your money. Buy it for a game system.
Please fix I bought this game because it looked amazing, but when I got in the textures on some people weren't working. I tried to play the very first level but it just crashed instantaneously. Please fix this. Until it is fixed it's a quick way to make money Galaxy tab 4
Fix this please I load up the game I hear 2 seconds of music then it says it unexpectedly quit its been doing that for 1week now getting fed up im using a hudl2 PLZ FIX THIS
Simply does not work Don't buy it previously worked but no longer, if you have bought it report it on the grounds of questionable content none
Don't get it. Don't  waste your money like I did X The screen goes black after ten seconds. 
Error code 492 I can't download the game bc I keep getting this error code 492 message. Is this like order 66
Don't waste your money like I have Paid for, downloaded and it don't work. You hear 3 seconds of music, the screen is black then a message pops up saying unfortunately it has stopped working. Load of rubbish. I have been duped Wouldn't even give it one star.
Just black I open the game and I can hear music, but no menu shows up. I am on a motorolla xoom, and that may not be the best tablet, but my iPod  4 could handle it, this should too
IT FAILED It played music for an hour without showing up a single frame I'm taking refund from google play  ITS A BIG COW
Does not work I have tried to play it in my Samsung Galaxy tab and the screen goes dark. I have not had that problem in my iphone and there I downloaded it from the app store for free
WHY GUYS JUST WHY I really loved this game on my xbox it was my favorite and ever since I found out that it was on mobile I was so excited but there's a reason I gave this a one star. That one reason is that every time I open this app all there is the music and black screen it's really frustrating because I waited for 20 minutes to play nothing r u mad can you please please please fix this that would mean the world to mean.
Wont play Just downloaded this and loads to the first screen and when loading to the game just goes blank and never loads, I have uninstalled and rei stalled still not working...... pls fix or return money
THIS GAME SUCKS  I play this game on ps3 at my dad's and I bought it and tried it out and at one point it closed out when I got towards the end and then when I was at the end and walked in that brown space ship thing, guess what IT CLOSED OUT AND I LOST ALL MY COINS I TRIED PLAYING THE FIRST MISSION TWICE AND IT CLOSED OUT FIX THIS NOW IT SUCKS COMPLETELY  THIS WAS JUST ON THE FIRST MISSION AND IT'S ALREADY UNSUCCESSFUL AND SUCKS
Wtf Why sell a game that no longer gets updates an dont work this should be free or took off the playstore I hate games companies these days cause it dont matter if the game works all there want is your money so I want a refund had this game a day cant play more then episode 1 stage one no free play on that level ether justs boots out of game do not but this game get batman beyond gothem instead
Lag I love this game, still remember playing 1 and 2 back on the GameCube. Phone version isn't completely optimized though and unfortunately has lag issues. This isn't a game ruining thing, but it definitely hinders the experience. Please fix. UPDATE game randomly crashed. Have to do a whole level over again. Annoying.
Does not work on my samsung tablet 3 My device could not handle the ram and the characters are messed up they only have a croch and a head. Please update giving the option to downgrade quality if the person wants to
Ship flying The entire game has many bugs. But mainly any flying level. Any level that you fly a ship. It's almost guaranteed to crash and I'm running a Galexy s6 edge
I was really looking forward to playing this game but as soon as it starts the theme music it crashes this is on my hudl 2
WAS good.... Completely happy with everything about this good and nothing at all was wrong with it until I updated my Moto G to 5.1 Lollipop. Clearly not an OS this game is yet optimised for. Sound has turned from lovely and clear to just bad. And actual gameplay has gone from no lag whatsoever to Lag all the time. Please fix this ASAP
Get rid of the crashes OK so the game isn't terrible, 910 levels work fine however it crashes on any free play mode with custom characters and story mode 6.5 Please get these fixed and I'll give 5 stars.  Sony z3 Compact
