Upgrades Way Too Expensive I've played this for hours and I'm only halfway to the price of the next upgrade. The prizes aren't high enough. It kinda sucks that you play for hours a day for over a week just to get an upgrade to beat one level. Then it's back to saving coins.
Ever since  I got this app I've been getting random adds even though I'm not on the game. And it interrupts everything. And apparently it steals your money. I have not paid for anything but due to reading the reports about it I must warn you TO NEVER PAY FOR ANYTHING ON THIS APP
theives i played with the game for 45 minutes and earned around 1368 coins and managed to unlock tournament mode ..while in tournemant mode they reset my coin value to 450 coins.. i didnt buy arrows or anything with the earned score coins
Too many coins needed to move up to the third level would take a lot of play time to get these and you should not have to pay to get the required coins so thst is poor
Game is ok This game is ok until the third stage then you either have to spend money to get further or play for a month to get enough cash to get stronger bows
Paywalled The gameplay is entertaining at first, but having completed the first set of stages with 3 stars on every stage, being told that my bow range is not enough and that I must buy a new bow, despite only having made half enough money to pay for the next cheapest item. This, along with the reduced returns for redoing levels, leads me to believe that only people who pay for currency are supposed to be able to properly progress.
WTH... Buy a stabilizer it should stay for the complete game... Buy sight same thing... Started out fun now screw it, I ain't paying money for coins to upgrade bow. Earn the coins as you go is fine but jeeze make the equipment reasonable.
Not that GREAT But.... Hard to sight too small and can't make right moving with a dumb finger to make move to where can reach the mark. Pretty BAD and tried to build more money and still slower and smaller paying when done the game. Long way to go You need to make best and improving the design.
Good game Good game just to pass time but the developers are way to sly coz they give u a game thats free bt then try to rip u off by taking money from u oh and deleting the game frod my phone
Upgrades impossible to get Great game but need upgrades nearly straight away and you would need to spend money to get them, free coins for watching adverts or better daily awards would have made this game one of the best but just not worth spending real money
Good game, hard to progress After the first couple of levels you can't continue without buying a very expensive bow  which takes too long to save for unless you're willing to pay real money. A shame as it's a pretty good game.
Good game, but a ripoff. Excellent game while you've got enough points to purchase necessary equipment to play.  In order to advance, you must spend money to buy everything.  I refuse to spend  for items that should be capable of being earned through skill and accomplishments
Takes to long to collect money for new bows. It's a big leap from your second now to the third one, and the game is not all that entertaining, rather boring to tell the truth, can't see who spend that much time playing a game with no action in it....... Dull
Archery Master Seems to need too many coins to gain prizes and have to pay as much as 99 dollars or around 65   for equipment SHOULD BE ILLEGAL TO CHARGE  FREE MEANS FREE.See other user's comments Very hard to aim the bow. Have managed to reach L.20 but may give up soon Now uninstalled and replaced by Fat Bat's Archery Tournament, which has NO INAPP PURCHASES AT ALL Have also flagged this game as inappropriate  unacceptable
UNREALISTIC 1. you don't draw using the arrow, you use the string.2you are only supposed to have 3 arrows or 6.3there are no green rings.4some of the arrows won't actually work in real life.5targets dont move.6if you had a flaming arrow in real life, where did you get it, answer knowhere because they won't work, the arrow would burn.7stabilisers don't look like that and should be permanent.8you can't gain arrows in real life.
Show me the money Great game for those with the surplus  Also, a great example of greed first.  If this is the direction and price for admittance,  I'll opt out of this technology.
Great game but can't level up The cost of upgrades are ridiculous.. I.understand it should take some effort to move up but 25000 to upgrade to next bow  You only get like 150 come per level.. Make it attainable.. Spent days and I'm fairly good at the game and only at 8500 .. Lower the cost to get better bows and I'll give 5 stars
Money grab 12 minutes in. I have reached the free game limits real money is needed  to continue. 3 2 1 uninstall
Upgrades costing  1000 for one shot...c'mon guys that's greedy...im sure if you tweeked it with better permanent sights and more ranges and cheaper ways to upgrade then this would be a 5 star....im only giving 2 stars as the only thing that is really good are the graphics.
Too expensive I understand you want to make money with your app but im not taking out a loan to play the game. If the prices dont get better I will uninstall and look for another.
Great game but they make you pay. Brilliant game, love it. But you need to lower your prices or raise the rewards. Just got 3 stars and medals on every level on first stage and I didn't even get a reward. Might as well just pass the levels and not waste my time. Give me a bigger reward Still can't play the last stage cos I can't afford the bow.
