Have not played in a few years. Wtf Ads Why cant it be like it used to.  Pick a board take your shots goto the next board. Load this load that watch ads then take a shot. Oops, no more birds. Guess i will have to spend money...  Oh wait,  UNINSTAL.
Haven't played in about a year Been a long time ever since I played,  the ONE thing I do not like about it now is the ADS please get rid of them.....
Lost my account I logged in and played, got 3500 coins bought infinite Darth Vader then it keeps saying my account isn't verified and when I follow the link it just puts me in a big loop and I can't do anything otherwise great game
No Internet  no ads  broken game Impressive, guys You took a simple, fun game and made it so ad heavy that you can't actually load the game without Internet enabled.
Played it once I got to play it the first time I downloaded it now every time I open the game it tells me asset download failed please try again later I've been going through this for 4 days now uninstalling the game thanks you for nothing oh and all the ads blow too
To many ads Ads come up every few minutes after having to reset a level. If I wanted ads I'd go watch YouTube videos...1 star...
To many ads I get why this game has ads but this isn't what I thought would happen I can't even go to the level screen without it popping up ads If I take the ads off, it crashes and I have to start all over
bullshit what happened to the angry birds I fell like I am playing candy crush. I have to wait one hour or 5 just to play. if  u guys want to play a fun game with no bullshit attach play planet vs zambiess
Asset Downloading Failed This is the only game i have on my phone. Had the first angry birds star wars and never had problems. But this one i started playing, got hooked, and now the assets wont download and i cant play... Rovio FIX THIS, it seems to be a problem that many are experiencing not just me.
This games stinks It won't let me download  the asset and its slow
Was fun I love angry birds but it wont work no more. Please fix. It keeps saying failed to download assets. Then it closes the game out. The game played good for two weeks. I hope i dont have to reinstall.
Needs more ads That way you don't have to worry about even playing the game, you can just watch ad after ad, which is pretty close to what you already get with this game and disabling wifi does not disable ads. If anything it makes them worse. It also seems they've make game play a bit harder. Probably so more ads can run. They ruined what could have been a great game with greed. Deleted.
Used to be good.... It won't even load. This is pathetic. It used to be my favorite game ever but now it's just a piece of crap. All I get is a black screen and the one time it did load it said asset downloading failed
WAY TOO MANY ADS I have played many mobile games and I realize there are ads for the free versions, but dear Lord It isn't an exaggeration at all that you have to watch a 15 second advertisement every 2 minutes. I played the game for about a week before it just gets tiring of the same 5 games they advertise that you've already declined 100 times.  Uninstalled and that's the last time I give angry birds a chance.
Good game but annoying ads The game is good but I keep getting frustrated at the amount of ads that keep appearing. Is there any way to purchase the game to remove the ads Quite happy to pay for a game that I enjoy playing without the annoying ads.
