Needs help. This game has a lot of potential, but it is SO hard to get hits sometimes, I've had several games go up to 18 inning s with no runs. Also, 90 of the time you do happen to get a hit, its a foul ball. Hit detection needs work, after that, this could be a 5 star game.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME. UNTIL THE BLACK SCREEN ISSUES ARE RESOLVED YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO PLAY THE GAME PROPERLY. Come on fix the blacked out stuff. Running it on an nvidia shield tablet. Plus game does not load. Can't get refund I'll just call my cc company.  Provide a fix or refund my money and I'll update my review.
This needs fixed I CANNOT PLAY ANY GAMES ON MY SEASON Every time I try to play a season game the app closes and won't let me do anything. This is so frustrating, after users pay for an app it should actually work..... complete bull  right here
Nexus 9 Blacked out field makes it unenjoyable and unplayable. Fix it and it's 5 stars for sure. Also, please add in graing and minor league rosters. EDIT So an update came out, but the game STILL doesn't work on Nexus 9. This is bullshit.
Lots of Delays Only crashes as I try to play a season game. Allows exhibition games. wonder why MLB doesn't respond Wont let me play at all now. It quits after I load the game. Not nearly as good as 2014. I had very few problems with that game.
Not as good as IOS IphoneIpad I have this game on IPad as well and get the most recent roster but not for Android.  Where's Cspedes Uribe Matz  On Mets  If you're planning to purchase don't do it on Android
Doesn't work Game doesn't work on my LG G3 and won't let me get a refund
Absolute crap Doesn't work on Nexus 9, don't bother to tell you, and they won't give a refund. Don't buy if you have Nexus 9
Not good. It's insulting I remember when this was a good franchise. it's not anymore. Half assed money grab. Stay away.
Crashes on me every time I try to play a game fix soon or if don't fix I want refund
Crashes Keeps crashing every time I try to play on Kyocera hydro wave
Garbage I can sometimes bunt and it can hit the dugout and still be called fair. When the other team hits a home run, it doesn't have to go over the wall and it is still a hr. Sometimes your player gets stuck against the back wall and holds the ball and you can't throw. The cpu will must circle the bases. Many more issues.  Thanks for stealing my money
Nexus 9 Black field. Please fix. Sucks. Want a refund
