Nothing appear after completed original championship I have finished all track and cup in original championship, but after that nothing track appear in bonus championship, then i buy extended championship track with my cash in career mode, but nothing appear again, it make me sad, please fix it, nexus 5 user
game progress lost why there is no way to sync game progress its great that theres no need to consider to keep on playing it after reinstalled on new phone. uninstalled right away 
What the actual crap... I bought the game awhile ago, I bought all the cars with a Google play card, deleted the game got it again and they are all locked, I can't restore my purchase but when I go to store it says that I already bought all the cars and can't rebuy them...FIX THIS
Cant update Ive purchased this and finished all the tracks..i saw there is some update available..but i cant.. Why Please let me in again..then ill return your 5 star..
Disappointed with lack of support To be honest I love this game, but like most people I'm concerned when developers ignore issues when they're brought up. In app purchases being an issue sounds like a common theme and in fact I paid for the double earnings which doesn't work. It worked for the most part on my old phone S2 but not when I got a new phone, S6. Please fix this
This now works  again. Thanks for the quick update. Great game Update latest fix breaks this again and makes it unable to play due to not seeing buttons
THE SECOND TIME I AM BUYING THIS APP AND I REALLY HOPE THIS TIME IT DOESN'T MYSTERIOUSLY DISSAPEAR FROM MY DEVICE IF I UPDATE os so that I have to PURCHASE it again and again
Restore Purchases   Double purchase does not work please fix
Uninstalled itself, won't reload I've had this game for months and all of a sudden it disappeared from Galaxy Tab Pro tablet.  Every time I try to reinstall, its closes down the app store
missing track parts after update. please fix. after the last update all the race tracks has blank parts. cant even see where im going. I have no problem with the game before the update. i have this app for a long time. just dont mess it up please.  new update still not fix. just say it. if you cant fix my game
Not happy It says there is mutiplayer but wen i try playing y is it tht i never grt to join a game or host one. I am not getting what i am paying for. Even tho the game is fun. I still want multiplayer. I am looking for a reply to this problem else i want a refund
Used to be really good now not working.. Just see the binary mill logo then black screen..
