Great game otherwise Unplayable on my ZenFone 2
Never played, just crashes I got a galaxy s4 android 4.2.2. The game just closes down at title screen or randomly before it. Never once played it.
STILL Won't work. The game won't even open for me. Crashes at the opening logo screen everytime. On an HTC one m8 with the newest os. I have tried Uninstalling this app and Web viewl app. I have restarted my phone. I have cleared all my cache. I have factory reset my phone and still nothing. For me it was a waste of time and money. After last update I still can't get past the initial logo screen.
Pushed ad in a notification for sequel Loved this but today I just got a notification to purchase the sequel. This is obtrusive and unforgivable for a paid application. 1 star.
Auto rotate Unplayable while laying in bed, which would be the only time I play, because there is no option to turn auto rotate off which is off in my phone settings but still rotates. 5 days after emailing them, politely asking for a refund, still no reply back... EDIT It has been weeks and still no email back...
Kinda boring. I was really excited to play this game, but it's just another grinding type thing.  what's the fun in just tapping the screen forever
Saved game got wipe WTH, my saved game just got wiped out completely without a trace seriously....
generic rpg I was hoping pen and paper would be an rpg with dd tabletop gaming elements. aside from the occasional die roll and art direction not much of those mechanisms are present. combat equipment etc are identical to thousands out there, nothing new is brought to the table. the story is bland and chock full of outdated and unfunny references. the game looks nice though.
Decent game, but received push notifications Received two push notifications about buying the sequel. No option to turn this off in the game. Not acceptable.
Bland Boring, unfunny, grindy. This game really gets old once the charm of the pixel graphics and the nostalgia of tabletop gaming wear off  it took me about half an hour.
Doesn't Work it's an awesome game and very fun to play,  too bad I haven't been able to play it because it keeps crashing
