Display size too small I got a  phone with a larger screen Note 4 yet game display is smaller now...like it shrunk ...and the name on top of screen of who I play with is blacked out. This problem has been around way too long. Please fix. I bought the paid version Help I can't read replies from others.  Why don't ya'll care about this problem
Beware My new Note 4, says there's a problem with every drawing and makes me start over, using my bombs, losing them. Uninstalled and reinstalled to fix but it's getting tiresome doing it  There's limited ink and only a pencil, which is a bummer at times when you're creativity is just beginning, but other than the low ink it's not too bad.  This game would be much better if it had at least one or two more tools, like a highlighter or brush, and unlimited ink or at least a little more ink.
No support I can't get it to connect to Facebook without losing my points and the colors I bought. Sent two emails and no response. Very unhappy
Terrible Runs slow and sluggish and massive battery drain on brand new phone. Nexus 6P paid version and still have to pay for stuff. Layout's all messed up on higher resolution phones. The app keeps asking me to rate it in the Play Store but I already did
Gets more glitchy with each update Update I paid for this app so I didn't have to see ads. I have rated this, yet everytime I close, I am asked to rate it. This is annoying. Can't open bonus round.  Loading is slow. This is getting old.
I didn't get any of the free coins  or bombs What the heck What a rip off
Misspelled words and two word answers The game is all right but there needs to be a few things straightened out which are embarrassing for an app thats this old. 1, rate your opponent so you're not stuck playing people who just goof off or cheat. 2, misspelled answers Seriously  How can you possibly allow this. I just saw doritios as a clue worth 3 coins. 3, some way of knowing if your friends are active players so you're not wasting time and requests.
Used to be good Can't even play it as it won't save my Facebook login and makes me enter my Facebook details every single time. Fix it. And fix the daily challenge so I don't keep having to force shut down then log back in when it crashes every five drawings.
Don't pester me with ads I paid Paid for the app upfront instead of using the free version only to find that it pesters me to watch an ad for a fee bomb EVERY SINGLE ROUND That really sucks. It's super annoying and just makes me frustrated about other shortcomings I would probably overlook otherwise. This is not a complicated concept to implement. If I actually want to keep enjoying this activity I will likely find an alternative that doesn't make me hate it.
Sucks Not optimized for Galaxy note 5 when playing games where the you are drawing this word half is yellow other half shows up black.
Well I'd give you a higher rating if you didn't ask me every two seconds to rate your app.
Doesn't Work Payed, installed, keeps saying there is a problem with the game data, we need to reset. Over er and over again will be getting a refund.
Officially Abandonware Since changing to Marshmallow on a Nexus 6P,  it takes several minutes for this program to start.  In addition to the excessively small font size with devices for some time now,  have you completely stopped support for Draw Something It seriously is feeling like abandonware at this point.
Bought but won't let me play Bought the game and it won't let me play it keeps saying problem with game data and reload but won't let me play. Fix so I can play the game I bought please
