What the fk... Stops every time i opens the app.. even i have not play this game..  sorry for bad english 
I am not able to open app on redmi2prime. Hey, I played this game on my old Samsung phone. But I am unable to even open the app. I don't have problem with other apps. Help me fix this I will surely give good rating.I have miui 6 on my phone.
Worst app I ever had I downloaded this game today on my Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime. Since then it is not even opening forget about looking at its graphics  all.
The most silly and stupid game ever played in life.... Hell This game always stop and whenever my game comes into a good turn it stops Bakwas and stupid game. Plz plz plz don't download this idiot game..
Game is ok but some thing wrong Game acha hai but jab batting karo to sala har dusri ball par cath out aur jab bowling karte hai to catch out karo ya clean bold umpire sala no ball dekar free hit bana deta sahi karo is setting ko warna i will delete it
Want to give 5 stars but no option Worst game ever. Even for perfect shot he goes for bold. Cannot start after that.it always crashes
WORST app ever seen in life This is a worst app it needs net to play this should be mentioned before downloading DAT u need net for this . this is cheating
Play Wcc2 in play store All who r cricket fans play wcc2 its simply awesome with high graphics and shots like dilscoop,ramp shot,uppercut,etc
Really R u kidding me I can't even open this game, always showing Unfortunately the game has stoped Such a waste of time, I will give 0 star if it's possible
V good Bahut hi achi game maza aa geya khel ke my score 1673.
Ok ok The games is fun to play and has good graphics but you cant experiment much at batting end, even though you try different  strokes the ball goes directly  towards fielders. The games  stops responding sometimes and it restarts.  many adds while play makes the experience more worse.
Kharab game Download mat karo. Bich me hi  unfortunately stopped  hoti hai. Game bananewalo public ko bewakuf mat banao aur achchi tarah repair karo.
