Not working App keeps crashing when I launch it. Cleared the cache, reinstalled the app still no luck. I will have to cancel my subscription if this is not fixed asap.
My 2 year old very disappointed Both my girls loved the app before the update and now my 2 year old gets so mad at it because it no longer says bringing learning to life and refuses to use it unless it's on my husband's phone without the new update and my 5 year old deals with it always freezing she doesn't want to deal with it anymore
Seriously I would give this app 5 stars had they given me the free trial like they said they would. I only accepted this a app so my son could try it out to see if it worked for him and then continue. But instead it charged me immediately and I don't get paid till Friday so it got me in a lot of trouble with my husband. Once I get a refund for this month I'm not going to give this app a 5 star rating, however with that being said within the first day of my son playing he really learned alot
Stopped Working Stopped working and yet they are still charging me for this useless app. Can't find time to fix it but have plenty of time to constantly send out wanting more money for yearly membership. Was great but we are about to cancel or membership
Login issues First off it freezes if you don't press skip then it won't sign you in after putting the correct email and password.
Needs revamping ABCMouse could be better, if it had more restrictions on how the user progress.  Rather than being able to just switch to any activity, they should be prompted to complete exercises that will determine whether or not they move forward, based on their responses.  If they don't pass the exercise they continue on that particular exercise until they are able to provide correct responses to questions, and activities.
Credit card required This is a one month free trial that requires a credit card to activate. My daughter is so disappointed
not working I had no problem before but now the app is always frozen I can't get past the loading screen. I have Uninstalled  and reinstalled  nothing. it just doesn't work anymore. please fix this issue.
After new update now won't play on phone right There is no sound and my daughter is upset she can't move forward on her path. It's not working and no one is fixing it
Meh. Lots of play games, coloring,songs etc. Maybe I need to set my 3 year old on the next level. He already knew everything for their version of prek  Also, app always logs out so I have to relogin once or twice a day so that he can play. It's ridiculous
Does not work on Note 4 What a joke..... I feel like I'm being punked. The app is horrible. The app doesn't even start up. Blue error to load message pops up. Awesome job with this one.....NOT
Not All Its Cracked Up To Be Not a lot of content for toddlers. Needs more basic things for 23 year olds. Most of the time the app doesn't complete a process with out freezing or skipping parts. Needs a child lock to prevent toddlers from backing out of lessons when they hit a button by accident. Maybe we will try again later for possible upgrades
Worked great until new update My 2 year old loved it until the new update came out. He loves doing the puzzles and before he could just click a piece and it would put it in the right spot for him but now you  to drag it to the EXACT spot in order for it to work. I will be canceling my subscription if this problem is not fixed. It was a great learning app for him, until now. If this problem gets fixed I will give it 5 stars.
Books Crashes whole app I will cancel if you can't fix bug that shuts down the books
STUPID This game is so stupid please fix I don't want to suffer this email crap and why this does this want money every month I can't pay for that kind of crap this thing is a piece of junk this is so stupid if you get rid of it I'll give 5 stars but right now I will give 1 star I hate it so much
Technical difficulties We can't even tell if it's a good app because it's unresponsive and slow and keeps crashing. My daughter gets very frustrated and it's doing more harm than good. Hope there's an update coming soon or it will be completely useless and a refund better be available.
Not working. I've been with ABC Mouse for years. I just found out about the app 2 hours ago, totally amazed. First thing that pops up once I log in Do you like this app well no I do not. Every time our kids try to do their numbers, it goes to a blank screen. Please fix it
Not working Can't load any activities. App has Been down for a while. It was broken a few months ago and still down. I will more than likely cancel this subscription
Disappointed I downloaded this app on my computer a couple days ago but it kept crashing and stalling the whole computer. So I downloaded it on my Kindle and it was working great yesterday, but today its crashed multiple times. My 3 year old was so excited for this and it sucks that she cant even play through a game. If this isnt fixed, Ill have to cancel my subscription.
The app is sooooo slooow Works fine for about 10 minutes then it starts to slow down and becomes unusable then crashes....it does this on every Android device I've tried including a nexus 7, HTC desire 816, and a Kyocera hydro vibe...same story on all of them
Recent update The recent update has rendered this app useless. My child cannot open any of the activities. They simply do not load. Only a white screen appears. Why am I even paying for the membership if we can't even use it
