Great game.    BUT If your phone has update for  6.0 don't update if you want Fifa to  still work it won't work  trying to fix it I think I'm not sure it has been nearly 2 3 weeks I've NOT played a single game
Don't play Tournament Brave 11 Great game. Don't play this Tournament, even though it says that you will get Rare Players, you barely get any Rare one. Plus, even the other ones, 7 out of 12, you get Duplicate Players which you can't keep or sell. Why Fifa can't know what Players I have so that I will always get different ones on my packs that I win. Not to mention that you don't get any coins in the end.
Great game I like the game but now as i won the match it starts showing an error occured with connecting to server and it starts connecting to it and i didn't receive any coins for winning that game
I'm stuck One of my team players had a red card and the game telling to change him but I dont have any more players and the market is closed wtf
Transfer Market is unavailable Please fix the transfer market I have strong internet connection but it seems that I cannot connect to it. Pls fix
Connection error Cant finish any series game,shoes 1600409 error,losing contracts like nobodys business
BRAVO. stops 1 min Messi vs goalkeeper running for the goal that would it put the 21 and the game finishes FUCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK  AND  Even thoe it crashes sometimes and high level players are hard to find
Lenovo A536 and HTC Desire 626 Omg...  What a disappointment....  The Gane crashes as soon as i press 'Touch to continue'  i have searched all the way and none helped me ...  I can play with my another mobile without logging in to Facebook...  Please Kindly Fix it...  Totally sucks
Error Downloaded it since 1week and can't play it until now loading squad and then error 4091007 I will edit my rate when I can play it
Seriously 0 STARS EA ARE ROBBING MOFOS 50K PACKS WORK OUT TO LIKE 12 POUND DONT DOWNLOAD DONT RECOMEND JUST DONT IT CRASHES CONSTANTLY
Rubbish update According to me it is the rubbish update ever After this update many bronze players are just converted into Messi What th hell is that and the other thing is still some players whoose ratings are updated in their old clubs Such as Kevin De Bruyene Anthony marital etc.And the third useless update is daily challenge where ypu get only 400 coins. Adding 400 coins to yout acount is not going to help Even Totw match give you 900 coins Maximum. So I think the game is not changed anymore
Transfer market My transfer market is always unable to be accessed make it work and no its not my internet I'm now deleteing this app it has not been sorted yet I'm really angry
I CANT CHANGE PLAYERS Every time I change players it always show that we are sorry but there has been an error connecting to the ultimate team servers 1021475 please fix it. I miss fifa 15
Stops Whenever I tap on icon to open app it says it has stopped and this is after the update By the way do reply or do something don't just sit there casually.
When ever I try to play match mode on my lenovo idea tab a3300hvandroid 4.4.2it says FIFA 15 ultimate team has  stopped working,but in quick simulation mode it's OK, I have waited science 81115 but FIFA nathing have been changed yet, is this intentionally fifa so FIFA if u could do nothing please reply us I have to give up playing FIFA 15 ultimate team,
Still have the bug  Transfer target window bug Bought a Sanchez for 10250 now he's is stuck on the transfer target as expired and bought... He's not moving to new items tab neither the coins are returned. Similarly I have an veltins Arena stuck too. Please help.it seems that many ppl are facing this issue and EA ISNT BOTHERED TO EVEN REPLY,let alone the solution
Problem FIFA won't open and it says that it has stopped and it won't let me play, its Been like this for like 2 weeks now.
App doesn't open in my nexus 5 running Android marshmallow. Hello I wasted downloading this app . FIFA 15 is not opening its says unfortunately FIFA ut has stopped. Don't download this app. It doesn't open in any phones. I tried in my Frd device too.
