 I don't understand why I bought this app just to buy more in app stuff. In my opinion it should be an optional thing, we should be able to buy things with our points, or be able to advance.
Very Greedy with this crapp i mean app How dear you guys make people pay for this app then you use forty something megabites and then you need internet to play. That is very greedy and IT IS A SCAM. No excuses about how long it takes to make a table i want my money back you cunning buggers
Stop apologizing and fix. Interface sucks and I have good mobile. Ads are misleading and your app way too .
Bleh Laggy flipper response and only one level without IAp. Not much to the one board available so I have to assume the rest suck worse.
Misleading I thought I was buying the AntMan table, which is the only one I wanted, but I ended up getting the Avengers table. I now have to pay extra for the AntMan table. The icon is very misleading. My reply to Zen Studios Change the app icon
Zen just lost my goodwill The download does not match the preview and I am very disappointed with this purchase. Zen is advertising AntMan but only after purchasing the standard game can you download and PURCHASE that table. Zen is misleading its customers and by replying that they are trying to be transparent does not correct the wrongful action they have made. Never again will I purchase an app from this studio. Misleading your market about your product is shady and wrong.
Misleading icon I already own avengers pinball on ios..  bought this thinking I was getting antman..  Disappointed..
Thought I was buying AntMan The icon made me think I was purchasing the AntMan table from the Google sale, but after buying and downloading, I only have the Avengers table. This was very misleading.
 Only 1 table for 1 then 2 for every other table.  Way to pricy for a cell phone game. I regret wasting 1 on this.   Edit 72415 still wayyyyyyyyyy over priced. 22 tables at 2 a pop is 42. I can go buy a PS4 game for that price tag. I would gladly pay 5 for all marvel tables but 42 is just way over priced.
Ok The one table you can play is pretty cool. Would seem like you would get to play a few others without paying for each table but not the case. Either way it will kill some time before you get bored.
Only 1 table Thought I'd be at least able to unlock another without paying, but nope. Also, your thumbs really start to hurt after playing a while.
Unable to play Just bought this game, cannot pass verify account. Would like a refund please.
MAKE SURE TO READ DESCRIPTION the icon will make you think your getting the Ant man table and your getting the avenger  table Very misleading
No worry about me buying any more machines. The auther needs to remember this program is not built like a 300lb pinball machine but a around a 1.4lb tablet. so far everytime I go to play a game and shoot a ball, the game tilts.
Great game, but dont tie achievements to paid DLC. This is seriously a great game, but I already paid for the game. Why should I have to buy a ton of tables to get the achievements There's 20 worth of DLC, and that's way too much to ask for an alreadynotfree mobile game to get achievements
