Too many adds I played it like 10 times a day for three days and now I can't click roll I changed the settings and can't play any game now. Everytime I try and open a new game or an old one two stupid adds pop up. Good game in the beginning but when it stops working and all you see are adds.... You get a bad star. Fix it It freezes. I'm installing  Five Dice Free  now instead of this.
Waste of time This game is rigged. You can't win no matter how many times you play. There are many better apps, don't waste your time on this one. The ads are annoying, loud  impossible to skip. This gives more reason to skip this. UNINSTALLED
It sucks you'll spend more time watching ads than playing the game, is a bunch of BS don't waste your time
Cannot turn off sound on ads I can turn sound off for the game, but the ads come on full blast. Ticks me off...
Yachty deluxe This game keeps freezing up.
Waste of app Was not able to play because ads never stop. Waste of space and time. There are actual games that one can play without issues like this. Should call this game Adsy because that is all you can play.
Force closing is the pits The game used to close as it should but now I have Force Close it to stop it from running.  Fix this or I will soon be uninstalling this game
Ads too loud and intrusive
Too many ads. Unresponsive controls. Uninstalled Too many ads. App developers haven't learned like web advertisers that ad blocking is costing them money due to their greed and obnoxious ads. Unresponsive to touch. Have to touch and hold everything to activate it. Developers are too dumb to make it so you can touch to activate things instead of having to long press like amateur software from the 1980s. It's a touch screen not a press screen. Very aggravating.
Ads Game works with nice animations but ads kill it, one or two every single time you switch games which you do a lot because no one seems to make moves quickly and half the time you get a video ad that you can't skip for 5 seconds. The ads make it unplayable on multiplayer at least.
Annoyed I paid the 2.99 to remove ads. Yet when i click 4th roll i get ads what was the point of paying to still watch ads
CPU is favored This game is ok if you play against yourself or a friend. However, the CPU is heavily favored. I played dozens of games and got 1 Yahtzee. The CPU got a Yahtzee in about every game
DO NOT GET If youre on data, do NOT download this app. Im a big yahtzee fan, played this for ONE day and it used 302 mb what the heck does this app need to use so much data for ITS YAHTZEE
Can't play against people I don't like it because I can't play against online people.  I don't use Google so its not very fun.
Game still doesn't work.
