Undo the update I agree with everyone else that the update made the game different. You have to turn your phone sideways, to me it seems like it takes longer for it to be your turn, you can not change the icons, just a few goofy looking robots, and make sure you turn off their comments as that gets annoying. If there was a way to undo the update I would do it in a heartbeat
This update is awful I hate turning my phone sideways for a game. And the speed It will take me all day to play one game. Will not be playing until it's back to the way it was. Anyone know of another game to play for awhile that doesn't have some stupid animal things as opponents
Please undo update Considering I paid for this app, I would like it to be what I paid for. The update has made the game slower and I hate that there isn't an orientation option. Please make it less childish take out pets and robots, add a card speed option, and orientation option.
I want my 2 dollars Go see Better Off Dead I bought the retail game  which I never do   to be able to play all 10 rounds and not be spammed with ads.  What the griefing Hell did you do to MY owned game  Not any more, though... pulls out the uninstall bat
Horrible update First, only plays in landscape mode. Second it takes FOREVER to play a game because card speed is very very slow. And third I don't like that I can no longer choose my opponents Sucky update This is NOT the version I paid for. I wish I could get my  back now
Shirley Cain Absolutely HATE this update. Wish I could get my money back. Please put it back as it was before the update. Used to be one of my favorites. Well I just tried it again. Wont even let me complete my moves. Will not play again untill the update is reversed. If not changed back I will uninstall it.
Hate with the fire of a thousand suns This used to be my favorite game on both my phone and my tablet, but I won't be playing it any more with this update. The cartoonish characters and their dialog are idiotic. I don't like the landscape setting. Please either give me my old game back or refund my money.
Hate the new update I miss the computer characters we could play against. Do not like that they switched the layout. I want my money back because I will never play again.
The update ruined it This new update completely ruins the game. You can't choose your opponents anymore, it forces you to turn your phone sideways, etc. I'm uninstalling the update until they fix it back to the way it was which sucks because I loved the game so much I paid for it  I never buy anything on here. Give me back the one I PAID for not this juvenile, slower one.
Hate update What happened Want to go back to the options we used to have. Won't bother playing this anymore. I want a refund too
Fix it the way it was or refund me I hate the new layout restore old way or refund me I will NOT install google play games. I want my money back now Or reverse the last update.
Update is horrible Loved game before it was updated.  Dislike the characters and the childishness. Dislike having it try to make me have a profile every time I play.  Please make old game available also
Update is awful I played this game constantly.  The new update has made the game seem like it's for children. The orientation is horrible and the card play is ridiculously slow. Change it back I'm seriously considering deleting it. Not worth paying for anymore.
Slow game play and spam notifications The new update is pretty, but it slows down the game so much. I can only complete about 4 phases in the time it used to take for an entire game before the update. And today I got a push notification begging me to play because I hadn't opened the game in a few days. Games I payed for should not be spamming my notification bar with useless alerts. It's unprofessional.
Update sucks 11715 I want the version I paid for. This update is the worst I used to play this game all the time Refund me if you can't remove update
Update Suckz I updated and I hate it, I've had this game on my phone 4 14 months and  now I'm going to uninstall....  I miss the old phase 10 please please change it back to the old way....                               1PISSEDOFFFAN             I WOULD LIKE A REFUND TOO IF THE GAMES GOING 2 STAY LIKE IT IS
Bring back the old version, hate this latest update to Phase 10 Pro. Lick the comments below,  I DID NOT PAY FOR THIS VERSION, I want my old game back.  I will not play this updated version and will not recommend  it to anyone. I will be very wary purchasing any more games incase you do the same with them.  I repeatedly said I did not want to update to the Pro version.
Worst update ever Game completely changed. It doesn't crash now, that's the ONLY good thing. Sideways play is fine. But speed control is gone, the intrusion into our contact list, and sending them emails to buy this game to play with me isnt. I'm gonna remove the game and now I just waisted money buying ANYTHING from this company,and I have 2 of their games. They REFUSE to listen to their customers.
Bad update I do not like the new update. I can handle turning the phone sideways but I like the old computer players more than the animals. I don't like the way the Phases are played nor the way you can play on other players Phases. Or even the way you discard now. Please change it back.
They destroyed an amazing game This is horrible.  Why oh why did you make it a kiddy cartoon game. It was perfect before. I cant believe I got this horrible update on a game I actually paid for I am so disappointed at what you have done to the game that I think I going to have to uninstall it. So sad when they break something that's not broken   Very Very upset player    
Hate Hate Hate the new update Don't like playing in landscape. I am not a child... DO NOT LIKE THE CARTOON ANIMALS AND ROBOTS. I have been playing this game for years and purchased the masters addition. You don't have enough time to look at your cards before it makes you pick a phase. Don't need the commentary trash talk. PLEASE FIX Or I will stop playing. And I want my money back.
Hate the new update I love the old version. Great way to pass time and relax. This new version is horrible, not relaxing at all. Either sell this as a separate game, or give us our money back. Even the random crashes of the old version were more relaxing than this new version. All you had to do was a couple quick taps and you were back to playing.
Phase 10 The update has made this unplayable for me . The silly animations have slowed the flow so much. If I can revert to the old version I will. Otherwise, I want to be able to turn off the animations, or I want my money back.
New update ruins a good game The new update makes a visually good game a puddle of melted skittles. Mechanics improved a bit. Seems to run smoother. Avatars changes are unacceptable. This game has been dumbed down to appeal to toddlers. Bad move.
I'm with everyone else This has been my favorite time passer for a long time and the ONLY app I've ever been willing to pay for the full version but I cannot stand this update  If it's not fixable I will be deleting this which saddens me since I love this game '
Update I did not PAY for this stupid update...bring it back the way it was or refund my money you bunch of idiots
Ridiculous I wish I could give this update zero stars. This game is absolutely ridiculous now. I just played one phase  had to close it because it took me FOREVER just to play a hand. Hate it I'm with everyone else...change it back to the way it was before, or give a refund to those of us that paid for the game when it was awesome. How can you mess something up so bad
Unhappy with update. The update has turned a fun and relaxing game into a headache. If I miss hitting accept after placing my cards my turn is skipped. The description of the next hand to play is not as easy access. Oh well too bad I guess all good things must change or come to an end. Thanks for the few years of fun.
HATE, HATE, HATE UPDATE I have had this game since it came out several years ago My son decided to be helpful because he knows how much I love this game and updated it on my phone for me...I HATE IT Thank God the old version is still on my tablet because I absolutely HATE the newest update Please restore it to how it was originally I want to pick whom I play and this saving of cards to use at a later time is pure BS This is not how the card game is played Change it back please and thank you
HATE IT I agree with everyone else who is asking for a refund. This isn't the game that I paid for. The game play is slow, clunky, and childish. It has gone from fun and relaxing to horrible in every way. If it doesn't get fixed soon I'll be uninstalling.
Hate the new version Don't think I need to add anymore than what's already been said. Bring back the old version.
Awful Update Can't start your phase with a wild card And I guess it's a good thing I memorized the phases during the years of playing the old version, since you don't have a cheat sheet. This update is awful in its entirety. Game play, layout, style, and controls need to be reverted to the original version.
Bring back old version Im really not liking this update...is there any way to uninstall it and get the old version back
Childish update, not the game I paid money for. I have had this game on my phone for years. Loved it and played it all the time. Loved the layout and the ability to change each player icons.  The new update makes it look cheap and childish. I really can't stand it. Not as fun, lost all of its appeal. I understand changes needed to be made but revamping the game completely was a terrible change. Not the game I purchased, would never buy this version given the choice.
Update ruined game I agree with the other bad reviews,  before the update the game was simple, quick, and fun.  Now it's a chore to play. The game speed is slow,  the way to interact with the cards is clumsy. The constant zooming in and out is distracting. Not to mention that it doesn't like it when deny access to Google play.  But the bottom line for me was the constant bickering for me to play,  unacceptable.
NEW UPDATE AWFUL I HATE THE NEW UPDATE, PLEASE GO BACK TO THE SIMPLE OLD ONE. I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU HAD TO RUIN A GOOD THING
