Can't bid This is the 2nd time I tried this app. 1 year ago and again today. Set my account up and was ready to bid. Finally found something I wanted to bid on. I hit the bid button and it asked me to confirm. I hit it a second time and got error just like a year ago. I can't place any bids. Don't waste your time. Use eBay. At least the eBay app works.
Ech Couldn't win a single bid pictures didn't show up half the time and as someone w a metal allergy having no time to check if its something I could actually were makes this app worthless to me in installed
Frustrated Loved this app at first, but am ready to get rid of it. I always immediately pay for things I've won, and a lot of the sellers have been great but BE CAREFUL. One of the sellers took my payment and though the package is 'untrackable' Tophatter has still not responded on my behalf about a refund. Unfortunately you can't trust everyone selling on this site, which I guess could be expected but it's more disappointing that there's no customer support from Tophatter.
Use to love this app and site until a lot of stuff I purchased arrived and the products were very cheap. I guess you get what you paid for. I bought 3 rings and 2 have already turned colors after only wearing like 4 times. The 3rd one of the stones fell out. The glitter eye shadow was clumpy and sticky. All a waste of money. The makeup people did refund my money but not the jewelry people. Beware of what you purchase
You WILL get ripped off I enjoyed it at first. Got some really cool stuff at a decent price. But.... BE CAREFUL OF THE SCAMMERS I won a bid for some wrinkle serum. I was so excited to use it. But was very disappointed. Pckg open, missing lid, burning sensation, etc. Contacted Cust Support and the seller, even returned the package at my cost, but was denied a refund THEY NEED TO BE PUT OUT OF BUSINESS RIP offs
Terrible app I paid money for something. I never received it the seller refused to give me a refund or replacement product. Tophatter customer service refused to do anything to help. I am now out 150 and there is nothing I can do about it. DO NOT USE THIS APP UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE ROBBED
IM NOT HAPPY WITH WEBSITES THAT DENY YOU TO USE YOUR INFORMATION TO LOG INTO THEIR WEB SITE  AND NOT GIVE YOU ANY OTHER OPTIONS BUT STATE TO YOU THAT YOUR EMAIL AND ADDRESS IS USE BY ANOTHER WHEN YOU ARE THAT OTHER THEY CLAIM
Beware Be very careful when using this app I won two items off the same seller. Both items were listed as untraceable. They took my money out of my account and never would tell me where my items were. I found out they're not even supposed to take your money until your items have shipped, but they never even shipped mine so they were ripping me off. It took over a month of contacting the seller and support for me to finally receive my money back Very disappointed in this app
I was just learning how to bid and accidentally bid on 2 items that I cancelled and they blocked me. I emailed customer support at least 3 times with NO REPLY
Poor customer service Fun until you accidently hit bid while scrolling. If you try and cancel a bit you can no longer bid on anything else. I've sent t emails. And it's been 2 weeks. Nothing but an automated response.
Can't even set up an acct I have tried with my google, Facebook and just entering my name, email and a password and it still says error.
Theft Purchased an item and the next day multiple charges were taken out through my bank. Fraud caught it before they tried stealing 2000.00, but my bank stopped the charges before they could get all of it. Once I contacted Tophatter they shut down my account. Good work guys ripping people off. Too bad my bank is awesome and I will get ALL my money back.
Top brand names Everything on here that is new watches, jewelry, electronic components are all for sale much much cheaper on the WISH app. Less shipping as well. Don't compete to purchase a ring for 30 shipping on this app when you can buy the exact same thing for about 2  2 shipping. This app is a waste
Overpriced merchandise Watch out what your bidding on You will get scammed. Alot of merchandise is priced double than it actually is. You can get better deal in the store.
