UConnect Bluetooth audio connectivity I've mentioned this to Chrysler support but the head unit doesn't always recognize the bt audio until I switch from media to radioclimate.. Any other button and back.
Poor performance Clunky to use. Doesn't work half the time. When it does, it's very slow. I know it works off of cell signal, and I'm in a great coverage area so that isn't the problem.  It's been like this on three different vehicles. It just sucks. Not to mention it could have lots of nice features like a timer but it doesn't.
Update I will try this New UPDATE..... but it would be NICE..... autostart timer that way you set your car to start at a certain time without have to do it yourself like before you leav work it will already auto start setting 430 for example
Hasn't worked since upgrades.  Kinda crappy I had to call a locksmith to get me into my vehicle
Still doesn't work Vehicle information not available. I've unistalled and reinstall 6 times already
ALL SHOULD BE FREE Until the system is reliable all services should be FREE or extremely reduced in price
Good idea, horrible implementation On a Jeep Cherokee 2015, the remote vehicle commands barely work. I normally have to wait minutes for them to reach the vehicle. Most of the time they fail. Don't waste money on this.
Remote start failure It Dont hardly ever start my vehicle request failed every time
Terrible This app is terrible. Dodge should be embarrassed to have it in their new vehicles Pandora connects about 25 of the time and remote apps time out 99 of the time. Very disappointing after paying over 50k for the vehicle
2015 Jeep GC Limit. Uconnect worked great until the security upgrade was done. Now remote heater function for seats and steering wheel is useless. Remote WiFi  Engine start never works. Media section plays everything as if the shuffle button was on. With USB or SD with different folders on them the music and audios bounce from one folder to another.
Doesn't work most of the time
Garbage For what this app is suppose to do it falls extremely short. It never works. Horrible app. I've had it for a year now, been patient, but still they can't get it right. I can't remember the last time the remote start feature worked. Uconnect should be renamed Usuckass
Horrible sync This App can never connect properly, BT audio doesnt work, it wont utilize my phones WiFi even when I am on a 4G signal.  Failed attempt at Tech innovation.
App closes radomly. Would not load my car preferences. Was not able to get it to work at all
Rename lights  horn I pressed lights  horn expecting a flash and single honk like when you press lock a 2nd time, only after pressing panic on the actual key fob did the alarm stop...  Please call this the panic button
Google Play Music No play music support This app is worse than Hyundai's blue link BS I had on my old car. It's so limited and pointless. Thankfully it's a free trial.
Garbage Remote start works maybe 10 of the time
Account Invalid invalid email what a joke
Wish there were an option for 0 Stars What the hell Why can't you get it right Every time I receive an 'update' it breaks My next car won't be a Chrysler
Wish it worked I am paying for something I can't use.  This app is really useless, is dodge going to fix this app or refund me for something that isn't working.                    I think you need to hire the guys that Chevy uses, the app they have is great and has a lot more functionsfeatures.
Don't count on it working Hangs for up to 90 seconds and give a message  unable to process . Works sometimes, but most the time it doesn't. I wouldn't make a purchase for this service.
Doesn't work Doesn't work. Needs some serious fixes. The old version would work as far as locking the doors and starting the car. This one just thinks about it forever then tells me it couldn't do it. I'm paying 15 per month for this service that doesn't  work
Hate  Love  Hate It simply doesn't work most of the time. I love the concept and features, but they don't work. The emperor is really wearing  no clothes, just a hat
Never works Nothing but problems Will go a stretch of it working fine then one day, it will log me out and not let me log back in, or it will just plain not work. So frustrated
Works 20 the time, everytime. Useless. No via mobile apps for the renegade. Takes around 5 minutes for the car to get commands.
Another Update... and it's busted again. Works 50 of the time, usually fails to request PIN then times out.
Nice idea,  however Huge delays from time activity sent,  when it works, not reliable.  And the is an annual charge to keep it going, not worth it.
Ram 1500 Had this for about 3months.   Now it's cold and my remote start from the app doesn't work and no one can find out why
Not that great at all Never connects even if it does it takes 10 times to do so . Have to call the people  to fix it . Then you have to uninstall then install  again.  Would be better  if you see the trucks info as far as oil pressure, tire pressure, things like that
