Needs work A few bugs. For example, passed go and didnt get my 200 and it was doubles but only let me go once. Still fun to play online although the random dice roll determines the winner. Make improvements and this might be a 3 star game. Also bid 99 on an auction property when the other player only had 80 and i wasnt awarded the property. Cost me the game.
FIX IT If you choose auction when you stop at a land, you can buy the land cheaply, mostly 1, even in hard difficulty. That makes the game too easy
I don't understand what's going on I purchased a VIP silver membership. But I haven't received anything I paid for  I still have the same amount of credits and I am not allowed to play other VIP members.
Facebook login failure Although i was connected to wifi , it displays facebook login error... Can't play with facebook friends ..
Bugs bugs bugs I have played the game in different devices with a strong wifi and its always has the same problems many bugs and disconected
Connection keeps dropping You would have to fix the connectivity issue.... it keeps dropping every minute.... especially when your are trying to buy a property.... do something about it....
Server drops every 15 seconds Terrible servers now. It was fun last week. Guess I need to buy monopoly
Fix Doesnt let you add profile picture, fix this please.
Rigged This game is rigged 9 was to sunday
Rules overuled Rules say has to build house evenly on all 3lots but when computer sell its houses it become uneven already, eg. two lots still having hotels while the other one lot got 3 houses left. Another eg. one lot still having a hotel but the other got only 2 houses left. Please fix this
Too many bugs Would be a good game if it wasn't for all the server problems
Bs Laggy, old interface, messed up dice throw. Will change rating once it improves.
Connection always drops when playing, impossible to play. Needs fixing asap
hate dat i have to use a facebook acount
I cant play it at all . So bad .
The worst game it is not even working
