It does work Well I downloaded this app thinking that the laser was going to do what the picture looked like it was going to do. But it didn't it only made a noise and only made it look like it will. Only the flashlights work. I wouldn't recommend this app to any one.
Do not download Not only does it not work it also vibrates non stop until you close the app i do not recommend it so dont waste your time i'd give it 0 stars if u could DO NOT DOWNLOAD
No Lazer comes out In the picture, it shows the Lazer come out off the phone, but it doesn't so I suggest you don't waste your time on a app like this
Don waste your time Dont waste your time downloading this app. I thought it would do what the picture looks like but it didnt
Does not work I'm not sure how they have a lot of 5 star reviews, but this app is defunct. The mini games in it are alright, but he main feature, the laser does not work in the least.
The thought the light would come out of the phone...... Like in the picture..... I was so disappointed when I did it If you are reading this comment, don't waste your time with this app....
Lucky it's free Thought a laser shoots out. It doesn't, not cool man. The youngster will let the sound fx though.
Doesn't work It does not look like the pictures at all. Also for my phone, the mini games doesn't work. Every time I click on a mini game it stays a black screen for the longest time till I finally just exit it. But you should still get this game cause it looks like the mini games apparently works for other people. It just doesn't work for my phone
Its a fake Its just a little game witch makes you shoot the laser gives coins and its over p.s theres no laser they trolled us
wtf did I download it's not like the picture AT ALL. the lasers just make noises vibrate, big disappointment.
No light off my phone It show there is a light going off the phone but it don't work I tries and tried nothing happens it makes me really mad 
Don't download The light in the picture is not real when you finally unlock the light it took me a week all it is is a strobe light which you can get in an app instantly
Don't Download I downloaded this app because of the picture.  It just vibrates and in order to get the light you have to earn coins to unlock the lasers. They should have shown that.  Would have given it zero stars if that was possible.
Why you no add actual lazers I got this harry potter wand and I was like I should get this app and my wand would be like MAGIC it wasn't. I played non stop on the games to get the coins. I wasted my time. I wanted real freakin' lazers.
Not good. Wish you can just automatically get the lazor light instead of paying coins
Doesn't work What is this A joke What the hell There are NO laser pointers coming out of the phone. NOTHING Please do not make other HECK BAD games like this. DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
Do not download doesn't work I downloaded it thinking my cat would look hilarious chasing it nut insted all it did was soundefeects and vibrate such a waste of time
It is the most boring game ever Do not downloud dis i thought the light shoots out of the phone like in the pictures
It sucks Dont get this app unless you want a phony lazer. It doesnt actually shoot lazers out of your phone. DO NOT GET IT
laser I don't understand this ,I downloaded the because I thought it would make a real lazer effect like on the picture ,but clearly it doesn't ,why do you post pics like that and your app can't even do it ,your just lying to the community
False advertising doesn't apply to phone apps I like the mini games. Don't expect a laser to come out of your phone. Considering phones only have a white light for flash  flashlight.
Funny mini games but laser is trash The laser is just a blinky light I did like the flash light. Overall it is worth it if you need a flash light or like popular mini games
Really Dude This is so not real. I thought you can really see the laser through your phone, no its a fake rip off
What was I expecting I didn't really think that lasers would come out of my phone but still this game is really stupid I don't even know why people would make it. I just wanted to see what everyone was talking about the mini games on it. this thing is so stupid don't waste your time on it people.
Biggest dissapoint in my life No laser comes out and nothing happens what's the point of the game playing with a flashlight with no battery's is more fun than this app don't get this app ever its a load of rubbish I hate it I have never been more dissapointed in my life this a piece of junk and it sucks sucks
Lol Are you people really that dumb that you thought a laser would shoot out of the phone When you bought your phone, did it come equipped with a laser This is just a mindless children's app. Idiots...
Not worth it I got the laser power and all it was,was a blinking light witch u get in the begining of the game
Don't waste your time. Read the reviews and thought it couldn't be that bad. Boy was I wrong. Not only was it a waste of time looking at it but pop up ads everywhere I mean all over the place. Worst bloat app ever
Not funny Looking at the picture people including me you're going to think so its a laser that can use for my pet but no its just a loser that's on your phone making a vibrating noise that goes pew pew it's such a great app
