Additional charges  I have just only bought 1 applicationsally's salon luxury. But why my credit card being charged for 3 itemsMarketplace, RealArcade  Seller Could anyone help to advise
Needs fixing I bought the full game but it only allows me to stay at the first place even though all the levels are completed well now it's asking me to buy the full game when I already did I'm getting really mad please fix this before I delete the game
Upgrade was no good The upgrade makes the game pointless.  Why do I have to redo levels already cleared Why can't I buy anything Who's dumb idea was it to ruin what was once a good game
Game Sucks WHY can't I continue from where I left off The fact that I have to start over at level 1 EVERY TIME I want to play is ridiculous. Please fix this issue.
Paid and no game. Paid for full edition today and it can't download because of a error  Not bloddy happy
No more levels Why do we have to pay for a game that has not added levels in over a year or two...game is over way to quick to not be free.  Not happy...
Update sucks This was my favorite game but the update basically erased all my stuff and makes it almost impossible to pass a certain level.
LG flex A decent game...but u always have to redo levels. Which is pointless. This game needs upgraded. Bc there used to be more levels. So sad. An disappointing.
Uggh I played every level and bought every upgrade to everything possible on this game loved it so much but needs WAY more levels  wasted my money ...
Its Ok I Just Wish That They Would Add A Person To Do The Eyebrows  Tanning Then It Would Be Cool Needs New levels and new items and more people I love this game I just wish it had more
Does not work on Note 4 I am VERY UPSET that I have purchased an app that I can't use on my new phone. This needs to be fixed 
Doesnt save I bought the game and it was fun and all but then the game kept on putting me back levels. So i have to keep playing it over and over again which is soo annoying. Wouldnt have bought this game if i knew this was gonna happen
Sallys Sallon It sucks Why pay for full game and its not. Very disappointed. I also bought Sally's Spa
Can't install I cant install the full game after buying it. Waste of money. Im demanding a refund.
Definitely shows it's roots... This is a port of an old Flash game, and it definitely shows in the graphics. Also, it gets very monotonous very quickly.
E lowe Paid for the game want let me get to the next level keep telling me to upgrade which I did that now I still can't move on. Please fix or refund my money back.
Poor update Game reloaded a beginning of game everytime . Now it won't even reinstall .sorry I paid so much for it.fun before last update  but now keeps resetting.  Please fix this glitch.
