Really OK 1 why say u can download rock'n Royals and then take me to the play store I thought I could watch it ugh and I can't play the games because they are incompatible with my phone and no rock'n Royals music I think monster high is so much better this this no one get it ever
Re download My daughter loves it best game ever .The only reason that im rating it 2 is because it gets stuck every 3 seconds please fix and I will rate you 5 STARS Mattel please reply to this
Doesn't work The game take you out of the app and to the Internet on everything I click so my daughter can play a game and then it doesn't work. All it shows is a pic to turn my phone side way and days it's available full screen and nothing different happens no matter what I do
NEVER WORK When I first downloaded it ,it didn't want to open so I'm uninstalling it NOW
HORRIBLE It doesn't  even start... It keeps on taking me to the internet.. FIX IT
Glitchy responsemulti platforms Games should stay in the app not send you to the browser to play Doing multi platforms is giving major lag and glitchy response time....nice game poor exciting...
Is this a game Is this a game There are only some videos added and can not play game Is there anyone to solve this problem
This game I have couple of times downloaded this game on different phones but l just don't get how to use this game
Barbie life I want to play the. Games but it. Just.  Has a. Pic.   Fix. It. If. You. Peaple. To like this
Boring There is nothing in this game if you want to play a game then should play in Internet
Hated it The game just froze up when I wanted to go back I wouldn't want to get this game if I were u.
It dosent let me play it in the beigining it takes me to the app store again
This not a game  I tried to play this game but all it gave me was videos of the show .
Worst game ever It ALWAYS sends me to Google when I press anything And why not do it in the Internet  Because my Google isn't  working
It's a good game It is the most favourite game of my daughter's
 It won't even let you. Go on the game and play it what you don't do is download it it doesn't even let you even play the game it only lets you download it
It's  doesn't  work I  hated  this  game
I'm only 8 and I love babies Too Slow
