Garbage The streaming on this app is horrible, but all the constant ads they throw in stream fine. An absolute waste to install this app.
Boy this is garbage Directed here from csn website to play something that wasn't even available on app. The left hand doesn't know what the right is doing.
NBC Stinks Here's why. I'd been looking forward to the NASCAR race ALL day. Then it became rain delayed. At 6pm, NBC decided to move the race to rich people tv called NBCSN and said you could watch the race on this app as well. In testing to see if the app worked it told me it was a 45 minute free trial. Since the race was under rain delay, I closed the app and planned to come back later for the end. I'm back and my trial is done. VERY disappointed
Worthless Pointless can't use without a pay TV subscription. If I had cable why would I need to stream Be happy to pay a subscription for footie but not buying 80 channels that I don't want for it.
Shows nothing. If you like golf, NASCAR, or soccer this is your app, can't watch football games can't watch hockey games can't watch baseball games and I pay for direct tv btw, it's a sports app that doesn't play sports.
Garbage When it works it provides a nice service for those paying for cable, in theory. However, the execution sucks. It errors out with NBC Live Extra has stopped working constantly, doesn't remember where you left of in a non  live program, and trying to use the scrubbing timeline to get back to where you were just crashes the program, usually while trying to play an ad. So, it basically doesn't do what it says it does. It's like monkeys did the programming.
What a shtry app Switches from digital HD to out of focus analog after a minute. Changed from live to recorded segments while I was watching.
Still No Chromecast ... in 2015 Come on, ComcastNBC, people are dropping cable even if you don't make your apps compatible with Chromecast.
I absolutely hate that the app is just titled Live Extra on the device.  Thats the last thing I'd ever look for when browsing through my app list, as I'd expect it to be under NBC or Sports first.  Additionally, I probably won't ever use this app again until it adds Chromecast support.
Awful Generic Authorization Error. Get used to reading that if you want to watch anything on this terrible app. You're NBC, spend some money on technology or get left behind. Uninstall
Won't configure Just keeps saying unable to configure at this time. It's been weeks I've tried on my gtab pro but never get past the initial configuration step.
Terrible The worst for trying to watch the game live. Kept having to refresh because it would get stuck on the commercials. I just followed the game by tweets. It got that bad.
Every time I try and watch the Bulls I get an error.... But the golf plays with no problem.
Not happy Only usable if you are a cable or satellite subscriber, race scheduled over the air today, should have been able to see
Misleading advertising You can't watch if you don't have the package through your provider. Why do NHL fans have to bleed to watch hockey 
Not even basic features Why have the app if you can't even stream it on your television
Used to work well. Hasn't worked properly in year. Updates never helped
SUCKS This is probably the worst app EVER Constantly cuts of  broadcast to cut to commercials, THEN, after it runs for maybe 30 seconds, it does it AGAIN  How can a major network have such a horrendous app  What a joke.
Doesn't work Galaxy note 4 doesn't work at all
Needs Chromecast support I would give a higher rating when Google cast is supported.
No Chromecast Support, Ads randomly in the middle of action. Complete garbage.
Still waiting for Chromecast support. Maybe try listening to your customers and update for Chromecast streaming.
It barely does what it's supposed to. The app works fairly well. It's buggy as hell which I anticipate with most live streams. The reason why i rate it so low is because YOU CAN'T TURN OFF PUSH NOTIFICATIONS. You can manually turn them off but it immediately resets itself to send you NBC Live Extra notifications. It's done this for at least a year and gone unsolved.
