Upset I really like the game however it is set up in a way that you have to spend lots of money to get diamonds in order to progress further. There's no way around it. And the amount you get for the money you have to spend is ridiculous. It'd be much better if you could just buy the game for 40 and get rid of this diamond crap
 The game is great but after you get so far will really can't enjoy yourself playing unless your paying... Not cool, just charge me to buy it instead of conning me into spend money every time I need to advance for that I give it 2 stars. It would be 5.
Can't even play Keeps saying connection failed even though my WiFi is working fine.  Will update later if I get it to work.  If not it remains a 1. 
Takes to long to advance And eventually you have to spend real money to go anywhere. And battle system is stupid
Too expensive The game is ok, but sooner or later you must pay too muchfor so called diamonds to progress. Also when you only use the appnot the web there is no way to join guilds. Feel I wasted time on this game only to be stuck in the iron age.
I have an s6 and there is no option to move or sell buildings or option for create guild. I've been through all the options several times, it might be good if those options were available, but as it, it sucks donkey balls.
I can't finish my unfinished war it want let me continue It want let me continue
Is this some sort of joke This game is stuck on stupid... wouldn't let me do anything what so ever Complete waste of time, same results with everyone I know that tried this game... wtf If you gonna waste your time making a game, at least make the scam last more than 5 min
Below just ok Still to many bugs for androids can't join guild being the biggest
I like this game and play it everyday. however I think the model is flawed. the building once you hit late middle ages are simply too expensive for what they produce. I mean who can afford 61000 gold and 10800 production for a building that only produce 400 production an hour.  you would need about 100 houses to be able to do that effectively.   the developers need to reevaluate the costs of buildings. as its reaching the point of unplayable
