Michael fix your app I paid for this app but it does not do what it is built for. My cpu goes up to 1.7 and i have max 1.2 ghz. Thus it does not control my cpu at all.. i have a rooted galaxy s4 unlocked bootloader. If you fix this then 5 stars
Has worked in the past, but not on my Note 3 running KitKat Even if i set min and max CPU speed to 2.3Ghz, and set the governer to performance, the CPU speed sticks at 1Ghz or 1.3Ghz. If you have a solution to this problem, please let me know and i will change my rating.  Otherwise,'ve used this app in the past on my S2 and it worked great, i managed to overclock it to 1.5Ghz stable
WTF used to work but now it does nothing, on all 3 devices. i have a feeling this guy only tests the app on his htc and not samsung or nexus
Doesn't work on my S3 and no response from the developer This used to work for me but has recently stopped working displaying error code  24. I alerted the developer but he's done sod all about it.
Works awesome... Used to  update Dropped my stars from 5 to 2. Until version 3.1.2 fixes profile issues, do not buy this app. This app used to work great, and that is when I gave it 5 stars. This app is mainly really used for the screen off feature, which happens to be a profile that doesn't turn on ever. That being said, this app is useless for me.
Work best At 1st this apps look like it not working. After few tweak around setting, it worked like a charm. Battery life increased, so now I just leave my data connection on without worrying it will burn out my battery. Plus, my device performance increased.   Edit Recently this app eats my memory too muchmy device freeze completely , had force me to uninstall it. Also it unable to lock my frequency.  Please release new update.
Damm it, doesnt work Screen off profile doesnt work on my s4 mini. The only reason i bought the app was to under clock my cpu when screen off. Will you be able to fix it or should i request refund  Running cm10.2 with standard cm kernel, arco68's official build, xda developers
Very inconsistent with app profiles. The profiles kick in half the time and half the time they don't. Sometimes they don't even get the profile correct. It would be an awesome app but without this functionality it's pretty useless.
Values doesn't stick after reboot Set CPU frequency doesn't stick and revert to maximum after some period on nexus 5.  This used to work on older devices.  Might be limitation on 4.4  Don't think they're updating this app anymore.
No update for a year now... it's not worth buying it anymore... profiles doesn't work most of almost all the time
Not working on note 3 Setcpu  cause heating and CPU speed always run max  on my note3.  Note flashed with custom ROM from temasek lollipop.  I want my money back please.
It works but it's not great... Like even with it setting the CPU to max, it still slows the phone down a bit  plus like people say oh set the cpu to min when the screen is off  horrible idea  if you do that, it will take you over a minute to enter your password on your lock screen  it will be way too laggy.
Profiles don't work For example. Set cpu to min 400 when Poweramp is active. Doesn't seem to care. Note 2 4.3
Very disappointed Will no longer install on my phone since I upgraded to Kit Kat please fix this since I have purchased the app and it is one of my favorite apps.
Useless Can't change CPU beyond 200mhz and 1200mhz on my S2. Even when adding a custom text file, and I set it to overclocked numbers, it never goes past 1200. I can already do all this in the settings menu of the device. This app has no use.
No more profiles The last few updates seemed to break this app. Used to be great, now it just gets confused, and profiles no longer work. Please fix
