Does not work on Nvidia Shield Tablet Will open, I see the Disney Books splash screen and the next splash screen with the characters and then it crashes back to the desktop. I have tried to clear the data with no success.
Deserves  0  rate Been contacting the Developer for refund follow up  but ignored.  The email address here is unrecognized.  You stole my money...
Broken on Lollipop As many others have already said, this app doesn't run on Nexus 7 Lollipop. Please can it be fixed
A great game on Android 4.x. But doesn't work on Android 5.0. Please, fix
Wild life count down Paid for app. And it. Stopped working ad soon as downloafed
Was great while it worked but after a nexus 7 update it won't work tried to contact developers but no answer
Not working on Android 5 Used to be fine until my nexus 7 updated to android 5. Please fix
Does not work on android 5.0lollipop App crashes immediately after it loads the home screen. Totally disappointing that there are multiple comments from customers who paid for your app and nothing has been done. This isn't very magical or professional considering this is disney... Worst part My kid is totally bummed Tablet updated to the newest android version and now we can't play. Please address this issue.
Doesn't work Stock lollipop nexus 7 2013. Will not open at all, needs an update.
It doesn't work in restricted profile in lollipop It doesn't work at all in restricted profile in lollipop, can not take advantage on restricted users feature for my 3 yo girl
Stopped working I want my money back. My boys loved this app. Very annoyed
Stopped working Used to work great. I think it stopped working after lollipop upgrade. Now it just crashes before finishing loading.
Froze Once again another disney app that made my tab freeze for about 5 mins getting refund waste of time
I want my 99 back It doesn't work plain and simple.
Still no update to work on lollipop Unhappy 3 yr old.  We expect more from the mouse.
Doesn't work since nexus update
Never works My daughter loves mickey and minnie and every time she tries to play it, it won't open. It worked really well for the first hour, now she just says mommy it's not working again Very disappointing
Refund please. Does not work
Waste of money Used to work and daughter loved it, now it has stopped working and she is sad
My son is heartbroken Doesn't work on Lollipop. I'm as distressed about this as my son is.
Not working Needs lollipop support. It's been many months and still no support. This is very disappointing...
Does not work Downloaded does not work
Doesn't open Wasted  money on app that doesn't open on Samsung galaxy s5 tablet
Won't even start. It keeps saying it stopped. Wanting a refund.
bugs i purchased this app and it is not working properly the pictures are cut out and is only flicking on the screen. what can be done about this
Doesn't work anymore
Soon as I downloaded the game it stopped whats all that about.
