Won't load We have used this app in the past with no trouble. Something has gone wrong will no longer load. Please fix before we uninstall
Dumb When I got it I was so excited to play it.....but while it was loading it just went back to my home screen. Now I hate this app. The people who made it have to put a lot of adjustments to the peppa pig activity maker. I'm so sad that it doesn't work. I guess I was excited for nothing after all .out of all those apps that I have had this was the one that didn't work at all. Thank you so much for taking your time to read my response to this app.
It doesn't even work When I try to get on the app it doesn't let me go on the app at all
If I could I would rate 0 STARS because it doesn't load correctly...SCAM ALERT EVERYBODY Quits loading after 4 seconds and this app SUCKS
Won't load up...... My cousin loves George pig so I downloaded this app for her to enjoy but this silly app won't open  Why are letting a 15 month old girl suffer without the best app ever used to be any way . this morning it was playing as usual playing on the football app we created then it said peppa pig activity maker going to sleep and that was it never could go on it again WHY..
OMG HORRIBLE 3 year old sister devistaed she was really excited and started crying because the app is just a black screen and then crashed
Stupid game I HATE it stupid when I got on it stoped and put me on home
Will not load This app looks really cool for my daughter she's 3 but it won't load. I'm very disappointed.
App crashes on startup Get splash screen then progress bar, just before halfway done it locks and takes back to home though still running.
Doesn't load It won't load passed the first screen My son is very disappointed.
IT DIDN'T WORK  Why won't it lode My daughter reely wanted it but it started losing but it put her Bach on the home page she was crying her eyes out. Some won fix it pleas
Force closes  before load bar is half way  Please fix  My daughter want her Peppa
Awful doesn't want to load If I could rate it a no stars I would
This is just a blank screen The game doesn't work, why is it even in the app store..
Doesn't load I hate this app because it doesn't load anymore. Once I downloaded this app  it worked but now it doesn't. I don't know why when I downloaded it the first time it was very odd because it just went back to my home screen and I was very upset with this app and I was looking forward too it...
3 year old grandaughter very disappointed. Won't open, starts to load then blank screen.  Try again, then let me know when working. 
Very disappointed Never actually used this app. I've been trying for the past week to get it to load. And it just won't. I'll give it another week. If not fixed I'll uninstall it and go else where. Fix the problem NOW..  PLease 
It doesn't work why
Won't load.  Angry 3 yr olds aren't fun. 
Nope Won't load exits out every time
Doesn't work
Sad.. You download and can't open My 3 year old loved the pepa app plus the drawing one...neither one will open to play. Please fix
Doesn't work
Peppa pig games and I love them Peppa pig
This is dum now my cousin can't play
Won't open Constantly crashes, won't even open
Don't even load up
Stopped working Used to function, now won't run at all.
Doesn't work It goes back to home screen every time
