Beware DO NOT SPEND REAL MONEY ON THIS GAME You are attacked and robbed by players with literally 10x your strength. I changed servers and lost all gold purchased. THIEVES
Crazy The game good but it has this mad event that you can lose all the items that you collected , over days . It's just lose me as a customer and a fan . After spending money and days on the game this events has just cleared me out . It's like a slap in the face a d what a load of crap .
Fun game to play. But don't ever spend money on it. You think that it will help you, but it's just a waste when a player with 10x's as many troops just comes in and wipes everything out. It's one thing to lose your whole army and have to start over. It's another thing to see real money go down the drain... it's just not worth it. COMPLETELY UNBALANCED. I'm deleting the game.
Purchased gold not recieved Would rate it 5 star but didn't received the gold purchased. After writing three times, I received 100 gold out of 2000 that I bought...  It's been 3 days since purchase..
it's an OK game... By the looks of it you'll have to spend mass amounts of money like they do in GOW in order to grow rapidly enough not to get stomped on by a big player... Might be more to follow.
Very expensive to play As well bought by mistake en artical. And i have been refused to cancel the purchase and get the gold back. As it happened in other stratgic game to all of us you can cancel whay you. It is called GOOD WILL bought by mistake. Not worth the money to play. Simply money milking game.
Fun game but no customer service. 3 days, no responces 3 submited tickets
Need answers When you going to fuse servers are would we keep our cities or no I know every country big and province city will be taken but would we keep our other cities with our heroes or no Your support team say they don't know if we gonna loose our cities and then start over ten we would go to a new server but that is not what we want please answer us when you decide.
Was a good game l thought, bugs in the game that cost you money and impossible things that you can't achieve
