Nice game ruined Wtf happened with the AI It used to play reasonably decent...  most of the time. Now it has been kicked back to the intellectual level of a 7 year kid who just learned the rules of the game. Please fix the AI and I'll give 5.
I love the game but I love the game play but I had to minimize the app or put my phone into sleep every turn while playing with a friend. Every single turn. It just froze while they took their turn and never told me it was my turn.  Other than that, the notification based multiplayer is awesome.
Freezing all the time This is the first game I have payed for and the first that is freezing all the time. In the last game there weren't ten tiles on the board but I already closed and reopened the app 6 times then I gave up. It's impossible to play this way. Please provide some solution for the crashes or refund my money.
This app is crap, do not buy it Bad, gratuitous, errorprone, slow user interface. The computer player is dumb  can be easily beaten, so there is no point to play with it unless you are absolute beginner. This company refused to offer me refund after several emails. Stay away from this app. If you buy it, ask for refund within 15 minutes.
A buggy mess Worst, online games corrupt. Awful. This AI is this game is dumb and unskilled.  Why would you drop your double meeple on a cloister  It's obvious that how it works is, they play their double first every time its available. When playing online, final scores are often not calculated accurately. I love this game but this dev seems to have a history of issues.
Hi, Awesome game, But i noticed something, I am not quite sure that previous versions have the same problems or not. But for my case the game will just Freeze, It won't Crash. But it just freezes, and I am unable to do anything and I will have to Force Close it and then relaunch it. Pls FIX i am using Asus Zenfone 2
Don't know what's gone awry. Just upgraded from Samsung s5 to s6 and I cant even open the game
Game is good... App is weak Having lots of issues with app.. Crashes.. Games that suddenly let one player play all the cards. Notifications don't take you directly into active game. And switching between active games is cumbersome at best.
Cannot run. Cannot get refund Purchased game, wasnt able  to run it in the first 15 minutes. Still force closes at load and can't get a refund.
Online games keep corrupting Error code 403. Can not finish online games. Was purchased for online games.
Bugs Ruin the Game I love this game and the mobile version, however bugs in placement ruin that fun. When the AI wins only because of an error, that's not fun.
HANGS ALL THE TIME I'm using Asus ZenFone 2 and it hangs a lot please fix
Constantly crashes out to home screen Love Carcassonne but the app is borderline unusable with how often it boots me out to the home screen on my Galaxy S4.
