Cash options are not paying 3 out of every 5 or so options seems to actually pay. Went through some of the big ones 1,000 paid or surveyed or spoke with people. No reward.
Take to long loading It takes to long to load. And always have to redownload  everything I try and play. When I can play its only for a few then kicked out or game glitch
im sorry I was so excited to play this I saw ppl on youtube plays thiscopyright  now it won't load, luida if u could fix the loading it would mean alot thax for reading like and support my comment
Need to fix combat n prize wheel The combat needs to be fixed it is not calculated right.Prize wheel is rigged I landed on the the competition pack then it suddenly moved to the next thing
Bad and Good Well when i try to collect rewards it wont let me because its out of my screen sounds weird but true so please have an option to crop your screen so i can see stuff Please
Crash in battle Every time i join in battle that need 5 bucks to enter, the game ended. I cant join the battle. Fix this issue and i will give this game 5stars
What is wrong The game will not let me get on it keeps saying I need to release 968 memory. And every time I delete a game and a picture it still says I need to release 968 memory.
Won't load I finally was able to download this game on my galaxy s3 and every time I try to open it, the game doesn't load. Please fix I've been waiting to play this game since it first came out.
It won't let me play Every time I tap on it to play it it say it stop working and u am not even 5 seconds in.  Plz fix it or some thing I live the movie and the game looks cool and I am not the only one who is complaining about the game also. If you fix it I will rate your game 5 stars honestly
Stopped It says the game has stopped.  I think it cant work for samsung galaxy tab 2. Please make it work.Ill rate u 5 stars.
Cannot open after update Pls help After the latest update, it cannot open and keep crashing.. if this carries on, i may just give up.. i using samsung galaxy tab s.
Loading error.. Not loading game, saying I have no Internet connection even though my other games all work..
Read me This is an amazing game but you over value it legendary packs shouldn't be 50 try charging less other then that I have zero complaints about the game and why is DNA the only way to get new assets you should make it so you can choose DNA or some absurd amount of gold
SERIOUSLY I was exited that you made a new game but it is TOO much space and won't even load What is this a test for people's madness
Not 5 star worthy anymore.. Used to love this game. But since the Mosasaurus event with all the crashes, not loading, and bs ripoffs from the event I feel very differently. Still play because I put so much time into it already, but I wouldn't waste the time downloading if I knew then what I do now.
Can't even play this piece of junk Every time I open this game it just kicks me out and says unfortunately jurassic world has stopped
Feels like no one cares.. Most of app data stored in cache so you have to be careful with smart managers clearing it otherwise you have to download all 700 mb again. Then app continually crashed after battles. Now it won't open. If the app weren't so terrible,  the game would be fantastic.
Giving up I really love this game but I can't play it because every time I open it it updates, please fix this as it's taking up all my usage on my phone and keeps stopping working. If it's solved ill change my rating if it keeps happening ill delete it
Don't waste time in download it It took me 15 minutes to have the game starting and 20 seconds to decide to uninstall it.
