Only one level I hate this game because it has only one level to play...yes it is the wastage of money before I downloaded the game I thought that it is a wonderful game but it is a stupid game I hate this too muchlt
Hana ahmed I hate this game Because IT DOES NOT HAVE ANY LEVEL ACCEPT 1 LEVEL AND I AM TELLING YOU DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT
I HATE THIS GAME BECAUSE IT DOES NOT HAVE ANY LEVEL ACCEPT 1 I REALY 4EAOY HEATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT IT I WANT TO SAY THIS GAME IS VERY STUPID AND THE WORST GAME I WILL DELETE IT AND I WILL SAY EVERY TO NOT DONLOAD IT 
I hated it. Why can't we have at least 2 rooms Every game you make has in app purchase. No one wants to buy something on an app for 2.75.
I remember They asked me if I liked monster closet and I said no and they asked me why not to make it better just tell why if you see it pop tell them why that's how all will be unlock
Tryin to hard Tryin to hard to earn money don't try so hard if you wanna earn money make the game cost 1 don't make people pay Dearing the game I only got to clean the bathroom all the others cost real money. What's the point of having points in the game if you can't spend them
Ugh It keep taking its precious time to load I tried yesterday and today it didn't even let me play
Hated it    Hated it cause you have to buy another room again and again and if you want to have a 5 stars unlocked the other rooms
Why do you only give us one part of the house Why do you only give us one part of the house I would understand if it were 2 parts bit it's not that is really unfair at least make us unlock the levels bit not by buying your games are the worst in the world
Locked Only one room is unlocked and to unlock other rooms we have to pay money why can't we buy from game coins until you fix it I will give us one or two stars
Sweet baby girl. Clean up Why do you only let me have 1 room
worst game ever It is rubish you have to unlock loads.  And u only get 1 room
This is stupid It only lets u clean the bathroom and so i ask u don't download this game
One game Olny one game u could play and im olny 9 year this game sucks now people you hate it .........
It is horrible Why does most tuto toon  games give app purchaces  i hate that itgives us olny the worst room the bathroom
Hated it Because it only lets you do one room. And it only let me do the bathroom.
Waste of money You can only do two things and the rest is paid it isn't fare because my family have to pay for a lot of things
I hated it Because it only has one room ain't nobody won't to buy anything
Omg only one room This made me mad who wanna only get to do one room
Why do you have to wait until another room gets unlocked. That just stupid especially if u just got the game.
Nobody like this game It only have one room
Unknown Give the full game. Nobody likes playing a game and then have to buy the rest of the game
Do not get You only have one room its sucks
Sucks It only gives you the bathroom to clean
I agree You only get 1 room
Why do they have to lock the other rooms l hate this game 
