Terrible Support Great game but terrible support I've been playing this game for weeks now. I really enjoy this game. I encountered an issue on upgrading my angels. I sent a report through the in game support menu. I was really happy when they replied after a couple of minutes to verify somethings after that NOTHING its almost a week now and my issue is still on pending I will not recommend to get a VIP status on this game. The support team sucks
another 5 updates later and we are atill having major problems with this app. now I can't even login at all. even after downloading the latest update 10mins ago. what a joke. employ some adequately trained staff who know what they are doing both in programing and support. ridiculous and a total waste of my time and hard earned cash. u take our money instantly but ignore numerous problems. u people really need to get it right 4 a change. unhappy VIP12 and one time supporter.
Screwed The game just updated and wipedout my account                          Aphrodite  Hestia.                                     Jody Marie just posted the problem.     I especially enjoy how GTA let's EVERYONE know they replied to my post...not RESOLVE my problem but, replied to my post.
Problems Really like the game but keep having trouble now it is starting to load then freezes wtf
The game doesnt work in 3g network. I run all other game in my 3g connection and it doesnt run.  Please fix 3g connection issue.  I cant enter when i am in 3g connection. Says version check fail.  Where as it runs in 2 mbps wifi connection. Funny thing it runs in 2g connection but not in my 3g connection
Ive spent plenty of money on this game and I switched devices and can find server please help the name is either ThadCastle or ThadCasl3 if those aren't correct could you use the guild name sentinel or my gem order receipt numbers
SoulStone Problem SoulStones are not appearing. I've accumulated over 30 SoulStone for Rose Knight and I have nothing to show for it. Please fix this.
Needs fixing IDK what happened but I don't have an angels anymore. Something happened in ur game and it says I have 0 of 16. Please fix form 5 stars well I really can't tell you that because I had to restart the game. But thx though.
Update bug Well I can finally log in now, not that it really matters. Game constantly freezes now, and why do I have to yell at everyone when chatting
Login timeout Game is awesome, but whole day it says login timeout. Please try again. When this gets fixed it will be 5star   GRDTralannan, server 71 Charon US
game looks nice but its always says could not connect i playing this game 2 days i have 3g connection but this game is ailways says connection lost could not connect i m in server 136. but this game suks.
DOES NOT KEEP YOUR SAVED GAME Had my level all the way to 65 and had a login but when I needed to wipe my phone and I logged back it every thing was gone On a scale of one to ten I rate 85
