Practice caution on this one 1st one was great and had a lot of content. 2nd one felt like it was forced and had no imagination. Also, the expansion is just as much as some new games. Do yourself a favor and get something else or wait for the next few dlc's before you buy so you can feel like you bought a complete game.
Decent game, disappointing paid expansion Honestly I was excited at first, then bored.  I paid for the expansion that took all of 15 minutes to finish. I was really unimpressed.
Game is seemingly abandoned by the devs Combat is monotonous, everything is rng, and the games done and over with by level twenty. Buy the first game instead, it's bigger, better, and longer.  There's a feature in this game called the adventurers journal that hasn't been touched since launch. we thought it would be monthly updates but it was just a tease. Edit Definitely don't bother with this one, the first game is objectively better in every way imaginable.
When was Paradox bought by EA I loved the first Knights of Pen and Paper and was looking forward to the sequel.   I was incredibly disappointed with the lack of content but hoped it would get better with future updates.  I feel cheated by having to pay extra just to fill out the game.
Lacks content, feels like an incomplete product. This game is good, its pretty much a straight port of it's prequel. It is, however, severely lacking in content. It feels like the developers have more content planned, but until they release it, you shouldn't buy this game. Especially since you have no promise it will be free.
Hilarious Didn't buy dlc. Quest failed.  But seriously, charging for dlc in an incomplete game is underhanded and has broken my trust in this developer.
Not good enough Hmm. 1st impression, Graphical error occurred in tutorial before wind blows enemy. 2nd check box immers mode error and not load properly. 3rd App Often back to home screen by it self
Shame on you Paradox Never felt so compelled to write a review about a mobile game. The 1st KoPP I paid, played, replayed and loved it, the humour, the gameplay, and replay ability was refreshing compared to what the mobile gaming industry right now is so entrenched in doing to its customers. I was hoping for the same thing with this 2nd release, if you're reading this, do not buy this game, simple as that. It will not be nowhere near as fulfilling and rich as the 1st game.
Incomplete game, now with paid dlc They finally add content after months, but no indication if my 2 for dlc will add the stuff that missing from the initial release charms anyone. I have never seen a good game followed up this poorly. It's the most disappointing thing in the app store.
Good game, bad developer Good game brought low by the typical mobile gaming bullshit. The story is funny, the characters are fun to play and the gameplay is engaging but it is too short, too easy and the 15 minute expansion is paid. Skip this one and show paradox their folly.
Big letdown What everyone else says is true, the first game was amazing, and this is far from it. It's incomplete,  short, and already has pay addon content.  Big let down
Typical... The developer charged for a blatantly unfinished game, and followed up with the audacity to hold additional content hostage behind a pay wall...  This represents all that is wrong with mobile, and it's moves like these that contribute to piracy of mobile games.  I no longer trust this company, and no intention of giving them another dime I would however welcome a refund of the money I paid in good faith.
Waste of time Why was this game brought so low I liked it at first, but now, it's just disappointing. Lack of content, paying of DLC when it should have come free, developers not responding whatsoever to the comments, I mean, don't they notice Geez, I really feel ripped off.
Crash Galore For the first 4 days after I got the game, it worked perfectly fine. Then, today, it won't stay open for more than a minute before crashing. The last thing I want to do is factory reset my phone just for a game. Other than that, I really love the game.
Cloud No cloud saving Was hoping to download the game on my tablet and delete it from my phone and still have my progress. Guess that's not a thing Also it randomly closes at random intervals.
Loved the first, this one on the other hand.... Feels incomplete. I got excited when I saw a new campaign, then realized it was paid DLC in a woefully underdeveloped game compared to the first. This developer won't be receiving my purchases anymore.
Abysmal Just terrible. The game is only out to make money now through inapp purchases that are required due to the unfinished basegame that paradox already charges you for. Just pirate this if you want to experience mediocrity.
Incomplete Seriously this is only 13 as big as the 1st one
Short game less than 2 hours, charging for more content that could wind up just as short. Totally different experience from the original KPP.
Less than a fourth of what the original game. Not only is it so much less than the original, the price tag is more than doubled of the original's. Now there is paid DLC that still won't equal what the first game entailed.
Missing a lot It feels like its missing a lot of content.  Not as good as the first.  And now paid dlc is a game that wasn't finished to begin with.  I've lowered my rating to 1 star
Greed at its finest So if I have this correct the entire game is insanely short. And then you add more content and make us pay for it Well atleast the game is free Wait its 5 bucks... Well atleast there not asking to trade real money for virtual money...oh wait                               edit just gotta mention huge fan of the first game, bought this outa love for the first... As im sure many did.
Just overall getting worse Bought the game first week it came out. The Story was too short. Only 2 Magazines have been released, 1 in March 2015, and 1 in August 2015, but the August version now comes with DLC. DLC you have to pay for.
Wow. DLC I played through the first story really quick, and I felt like it was fast, but better than the first one. I saw the 1 fists of fury and got excited that they were adding more Then I saw I have to pay an extra 2 or 3 bucks to play it. I spent too much money on this game to pay more later. I hppe this games ratings hit the floor now. Awesome game, but not for the price.
