So Disappointed So much potential, but relief pitchers come into the game already fatigued and their pitches are uncontrollable. So frustrating going deep into a game to lose do to poor game design.
This is bullshit I try to download it on my phone once it's finish download it's didn't want to show anything and it freeze up as well. I uninstall and install back again so many times. And it's the same thing. Can you guys please help me fix this issues.  Thanks
Crash I've been playing this for the last couple years and this is the most frustrating version I tried downloading this about 2 weeks ago and it kept freezing at the same spot no matter how many times I redownloaded it and the past couple days I've downloaded it and it crashes every time I start it up and I've deleted and downloaded this over 2 dozen times I'm about to give up
Not good anymore Good game play but not worth the time now. Takes a long time to load, lag between screen changes, hangs on intervene, hangs on box opening and so on. The ability to strengthen your team is a joke, very expensive. I've played this game since the start, terrible how it's been ruined slowly over time. I'll try again in a couple of months and see if it improves.
Always broke I just downloaded the game yesterday only played once loved it then said emergency maintenance then today I go on game says update so I do the update let's me in for a second then again says emergency maintenance why I'm ready to delete this game already smh
Worst game I've ever attempted to play. Could get into it but it wouldn't let me hit ready or swing
Your roulette wheel I feel like your roulette wheel is rigged I've have spun it a million times and I've yet to get a legendary player I've should have gotten one by now
Bummed This looked like it would be a great game to play. The fact that I'm 2 hours in and not even a game played with load times ranging from 5 minutes to infinite as the  circle of death   loading sign  continues on for days ... Can't even say my phone isn't capable when I'm running a Note 4 fully updated. Sigh.
