I'd give it a better rating if they didn't charge you monthly to watch commercials... how do you justify making someone pay to watch your shows AND then force them to see all the commercials on top of it... either lose the monthly fee or reduce the number of commercials to 1 or 2 at the most.
Constant buffering Trying to catch some missed shows that I didn't DVR.  This buffers constantly on my device and network that works just fine with Netflix and the CW app.  I don't care about the shows requiring all access so the fee doesn't effect me.
I was ok with the app until the last update now its not compatible with my device. Before the update the only problem I had is why do I have to watch ads when I pay for service I could understand if it was free
CBS All Commercials After watching Netflix this doesn't rate a one star. Paying money to watch commercials isn't going to cut it any more. Lead or get out of the way.
Horrible app Whatever update you did, instead of fixing issues made things worse. Can't view anything, other than ads that run nonstop audio yet screen frozen on first frame. Listened to 15 different ads despite force closing app, the sound wouldn't shut off. At this point guess I'll just have to wait a year until Netflix adds BlueBloids current season to catch the first few episodes I missed. Get your act together CBS, if you are going to charge for viewing make it actually viewable.
App had been blacking out since update I just became a paid subscriber I travel a lot and don't own a tv so thought this a great way to keep up on favorite shows. But ever since the update. . Dang screen either goes black or I just see that stupid spinny thing spinning FOREVER.  Deleted and reinstalled.. still nothing. .CBS.. FIX IT
Should be free Aren't we supposed to get this content free over the air But no i have a mojo leaf w amplifier best antenna and I still dont get good reception on nation wide digital stream, its BS we should have free tivo in the cloud  by now
Really It keeps freezing and kicking me off my chrome cast. Needs some attention people.
Ridiculous So I wanted to catch up on survivor, and this is the ONLY way to watch the last 10 seasons, OK so I have to pay a monthly fee, better than per episode but still come on cbs greedy a little....commercials  every few minutes and streaming issues...I will be cancelling after the free week, now time for survivor marathon
Don't pay for all access Can't watch CBS sports network with this app and the only way to cancel your all access subscription for a free to air station is by calling an 800 number.  Can't cancel from within the app but you can sign up for it thru the app.  Also, why are there ads when I pay 6 a month to watch a free TV network  Terrible
Charging CBS I thought you would be like NORMAL TV Broadcasters and let me login to my Directv account since I already pay them to watch your network. You're ridiculous for charging people.
WTF CBS... Why can't anyone follow Netflix's lead and make a decent app Hardly ever works, so I haven't used it in a couple weeks. Phone died prematurely today. Checked the battery meter and CBS had used 10. How does an app I haven't used, and I've restarted my phone several times, use so much battery What a terrible app. And you wonder why you are losing customers left and right to the likes of Netflix and Amazon.
Piece of crap This app illustrates why users want to use Netflix instead. While they charge a monthly fee, they show poorly targeted unskippable ads that have boosted audio, and in general show extreme disdain for the user. Hope they are run out of business
LET'S ALL REPORT CBS FOR CHARGING US TO WATCH FULL EPISODES OF SHOWS AND MOVIES ON OUR MOBILE DEVICES LET'S FLOOD THEM WITH THREATENING EMAILS AND PHONE CALLS IN ORDER FOR THEM TO REMOVE THE 5.99 PER MONTH FOR FULL ACCESS WE NEED TO BE ABLE TO SIGN IN WITH OUR CABLE TV PROVIDERS EMAIL ADDRESS AND PASSWORD SINCE IT DOESN'T COST US A DIME IN OTHER WORDS TOTALLY AND UTTERLY FREE TO ALL OF US
STILL A PIECE OF CRAPAPP 103015 Still the WORST APP for a major network out there  I can't believe CBS is asking people who already get ABC for free over the air or via a cable TV provider to pay to watch CBS on their tablets or phones. FOff CBS.  EVEN AFTER ALL THE IMPROVEMENTS This App still sucks.  Even though I can watch it on TV CBS wants me to pay to use their APP  F.U. CBS. Crappy content, why bother
Horrible Update This is now the 3rd time I am updating and again back to the first issue. I cannot log in AGAIN GET IT TOGETHER This is insane every update makes existing issues worse and creates more problems on top of that If there was an option for no stars I would give you 10
Payment and commercials I'm not interested in paying to watch a very limited selection of shows, especially when there is also commercials. It's not worth it, and the shows frankly aren't worth paying to watch. I've seen YouTube productions that are superior
New update sux. Can't watch live anymore and they have been charging me 2x a month
Update still not worth money Not enough offered above the free app. Still no live service in my region, and I'm in the D.C. metro area not exactly the middle of nowhere. That's a million disappointed CBS fans.
This app sucks so bad it leaves hickeys The fact that CBS feels justified in charging for this crappy crappy crappy excuse for a streaming service is amazing. I couldn't go one minute without it buffering and stalling on me.
Subscribe Ha, pay for things that NBC gives away free in comparison...  I'll never pay a subscription fee for a broadcast network, you make your money, no need to charge us low class citizens.  Capitalism at it's finest... Not to mention I have direct TV, why am I not able to sign in thru them like any other reputable app does  STEALING.
Worst service I already pay for a tv subscription with a satellite provider. Why can't we watch missed episodes next day instead of waiting 8 Why do we have to pay again  In addition the streaming quality is worst than bad No longer watching CBS period
Disappointed. .. Love the content but the app sucks, constantly freezing, and randomly closes, screws up my chromecast every time I use the app. And im paying for it... 
Why so many commercials Not worth it 25 commercials for a 45 min show I am boycotting every company that shows up in the commercials I rewind a show a little bit theres 4  commercials. If I fast forward a little bit theres 5 commercials. Really frustrating I understand advertising but this is ridiculous. .. cancelling after the free week.
IF WE UNITE, we can stop them I loved this for catching up on my favorite CBS shows.  But now they want 6mo to watch plus what I already pay on cable.  WHY would I WANT to pay twice   BOYCOTT this by watching CBS shows On Demand, instead of while it's airing.  I suspect they did this to up their ratings so they could be number 1.  This is a very bad, very greedy practice  if we don't stop it now, NBC, ABC,  others will follow suit.
Get it together already Get the appglitchesfixed already company's that want better ratings than their competitors and want great reviews should get the issues fixed in a reasonably timely manner and keep up on it. It was good in the beginning, then it seems that the people who start it up get performance anxiety faking it but never making it...Became their specialty
Ok The stupid thing comes up saying experiencing tech difficulty after trying to sign up for the CBS all access uninstall then re install and works fine try signing up again and again same result app sucks to no end
Crap Terrible app. Poor quality. Too any ads for something I am paying for. I can stream Netflix all day with no problems but can't get this thing to play more than 5 minutes without freezing or dropping. As I said....crap.
Good luck Trying to cancel after you sign up.  3 months canceled and still being charged.  Update this app so people can cancel subscription from within apps.
Waste They want 5.99 a month to watch their shows. You can get all their shows cheaper on other apps. Total scam and pile of junk. Dont waste your money.
No way to pay Downloaded and installed. Then I'm hit up to pay. No thanks CBS. Don't need to watch your programing that bad.
For the last week all I get is CBS is experiencing difficulties at this time. Before that it was fine.Was much better before the upgrade.
Would pay more for no commercials Too many and too frequent commercials for a paid app Take HULU's advice and offer an adfree tier
Fail. WOW. even with cbs being able to provide most star trek episodes in HD, they don't even have the movies. and with the so popular paid for comercials issue that everyone is complaining about, it just proves that for now Netflix is still the leading choice for tv and movie streaming. Come on CBS, get your act together. There is a reason why most people don't pay for hulu. Lol
