Trailers are crap.... Their trailers are filled with advertisements first, then the actual trailer does not load and when it does it constantly buffers. Tried to watch the trailers on YouTube and guess what, they actually worked Fix this problem and I'll give five stars for sure.
Can't seem to stop notifications I don't want to be ever notified by this app,  but apparently it is important that I MUST Know about star wars tickets.   The only way for sure to halt the  notifications is to uninstalling app,  and go back to buying tickets the hard way.
WILL NEVER USE AGAIN When I purchased tickets on the app it booked it for tonight instead of tomorrow. Customer service refused to change my tickets for the correct night even though I contacted them right away. Their response was rude and threatening. Who treats their customers that way I will never use Fandango again
Needs material design D This app's design is hideous. It doesn't follow Google's newest Android Material Design standards by any means. The hamburger menu from the left is way too big. Everything on this app is too big. Please give this app a material design overhaul.
Used to work Couldn't create a VIP account..kept saying password was incorrect. .ok..my bad..maybe.. but the link to the forgot password is broken..an established app like this should have zero problems.. people change apps like they change socks..one rip..trash can..next
Tried to order tickets and not only did I not get my tickets but they still took money out of my account. I tried three times and each time money was taken out. Do not download
No free refunds They advertise free refunds and exchanges on the app and their site but this is false. Exchanges are free. Convenience fees will not get refunded. This app needs an asterisk and clear language starting that fact. I'm out 6 dollars now on 4 tickets I bought because of the free refund policy.
App ok. Stupid ads They charge to buy tickets through them. Then give you ads on top of that. No thanks.
