it won't let me play When I get on the game, it just shows me pictures. Please fix this and I will rate you 5 stars.
When I press to play...... When I press to play at the main menu it shows the loading thing then kicks me out of the game.I will give 1 star until I can actually play the game.FIX fix it and I will download the game again.
Kinda okay The control pad is so crazy I put it up but my character go downwards,and also there's only one battle arena,1 dojo.and the dojo only can be played by Lloyd.
I will go to 5 stars if you can answer this I had 5 millon 20 coins as saving to get gold ninja, but the next day, TODAY I CHECKED AMD ONLY HAD 2 MILLION WTF
WWWWWHHHHYYYY,,, When I played in the chess battlefield I needed to get 1 more boss but then the battery died When I got back on the game it didn't save Pls make it save and I will rate 5 stars
Ninjago tournament Very cool but once you establish a very high score and a level and build up a lot of points to earn new characters the game boots you off and resets and does not save any of your progress to be able to buy anything cool game need to fix this issue terribly
Very slowly  loading I love the lego ninjago games but this isn't very impressive. It takes almost forever to just play a simple game  to make time pass by. Lego game should have good standards of gameplay
Never get passed loading screen It loads loads and loads Can't get passed the loading bar... Download game three different times
Pls listen I know that your making ninjago season 6 You never listen to your costumers and what they want to add e.g all spinjitzu masters have elemental powers yeah make kai shoot fire and Cole shoot earthrocks and jay shoot lighting and lloyd shoot his green energy and the gold ninjaLloyd shoot golden fire balls why is Zane the only one with ranged attack
Will not load Thank you for fixing my last problem so fast but now I got another one every time I try to play it will to we're you press play and says dojo but when I click on it it brings me back to the home screen please fix and I will rate 5 stars
Keeps closing Its a great game concept, but every time i press the play button it closes and says its unresponsive, i really think this could be a good game, its just needs an update.
Just shows me pictures I can't play because these pictures keep coming up and it a bad game at the moment
MAKE A BETTER GAME It always lags when I open the game the bad guy comes down and the last thing I know it lagged
Game opens, but when i click play..... It will show dojo and closes, I heard from my friends that this is awesome, its very bad that I'm the only one whose not playing ' . Fix this and ill download it back.uninstalling
Bad UK Heidi is hence db, I have to be the same time as the market leaders in the UK. I have a good idea to advertise the UK. I have a good idea to advertise the UK. I have a good idea to advertise the UK. I have a good idea to advertise the UK. I have a good idea to advertise the UK. I have a good idea to get your email, you will need to get your free bet you are not responsible for delivering thistle message to the Crown Estate. This is It is also game
Way too easy This game is not worth installing as the only thing you need to do is spam attack. Wave after wave of the same enemies just more and more per wave. Its so hard to die that you can, basiclly,  stand still and let the bombthrowing dudes throw bombs at the enemies around you to gain HP. I can understand that this might have been developed for an younger audience but that doesnt change the fact that this is a crappy game, what a coincident, I'm on the crapper right now
Good, but The game is good don't get me wrong but, after a while of playing the game it would freeze and unfreeze for a couple seconds and then freeze again but instead of it unfreezing on the second time it would kick me out of the game. It is normaly on the master of speed. Please fix this.
