HW gets better this app gets worse First bought it for iPhone 4 worked very well. Bought it again when i upgraded to LG G2. Some issues. Installed it on my new LG G4. Major issues. Blank screens, crashes, a general disaster.
Gyro and GPS doesn't work with this app. It's been like 2 years but no fix. App opens and just stares to the north pole. Waste of money and time
Paid for then ripped off This used to be a great app, one of the few that I would actually pay for. I'm not sure what happened but now it doesn't move when you try align it with the sky. How can you take away a feature after customers have already bought it Total scam 
It doesn't work. I can't get the stars to move on phone like my friends does on her phone.  Wasted the fee for this app.
It sucks. It doesn't work anymore
Really I am disappointed with the limited amount of things that you can do with this app
Dissatisfied This application does not support the accelerometer everything must be done manually with onscreen controls. The information is helpful, but everything else is unintuitive.
 Mine never gets by the start screen. Then quits.
Star Walk Recently got a Samsung Galaxy Note 5. The app is STUCK on North. Please tell me how to fix this. I've really enjoyed this app until I got my new phone.
Ripped off Payed money for this version last week, get a message that a new version is now available for more money. Reply  Star Walk 2, why would you make another app instead of upgradingdeletingmaking it no longer available for download of the original
Does not work on my Acer Iconia, which is a shame because I had it on my previous tablet and it was great.  Also, was charged twice for it  not good
Star walk vs S6Edge Great app if it would work right after Android updated the app stays upside down....words and stars
Why it isn't working I downloaded it last month.it was working good. But now I can even see the marker,planets,moon or even the sun. Compass is working. Please rectify it. I'm using Asus Zenfone 5 Android 4.4.2
Star Walk Was a great app but doesn't work after latest update, just hangs despite uninstalling and reinstalling. Appear others are getting similar issues.
This used to work fine however seems to have broken with the latest update. All I'm getting its a starfield and no labeling, access to options, anything. I think the cardinal points are there but only as white rectangles. Please fix, or as others said, I'd like my money back. Will rate higher with a fix, as I really liked it.
Doesn't work The image is still and not moving via phone. Xperia z1 compact
Disappointing, having only just paid for and installed this version to have a message pop up all the time saying there is a newer better version available Sky Walk 2 which you have to pay for again Why not tell people in the description for this version Hey DONT install this version as there is a newer better version available
What happened Oh my god, what happened to this app after the last update. Has been rendered useless. Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 10.1
Doesn't work I had this installed on my iPad, and it works perfectly fine, even to this day,  but it has never worked on any of the android phones I installed it on. It always thinks I am somewhere in the southern hemisphere, which does me no good when I am not even there to begin with. Not even the compass is reliable anymore. It is such an inconvenience to me as a spacescience fan...
DO NOT BUY Bought this app to look at stars but it does not work, and to add to this developer has not answered any emails I sent for refund, so I'm stuck with this crappy non working app and 2.50 less.  DO NOT BUY
Doesn't work I just installed this app, but have been unable to make it function as it does on my iPhone. Very disappointed.
BORING DONT GET THE APP THIS DOESN'T MAKE ME HAPPY OR SCIENCEY DONT GET THE APP
