New update, meh. Still needs work... Is there a reason why my life orbs are no longer in my inventory, and no longer able to be sold Also, some items are missing since I have upgraded, and my clock is gone...  I like this game, but hopefully they can fix a few things back.
EA please reply If issues fixed. I will change my rating to 5 stars.                                                                No way to contact u to tell u about the couple of bug issues. I can't even visit my friends towns withoutta force close since this new update  also this new update caused a bug issue with the infant toy mat...Babies can't play on it no more  sim parents can't join them on toy mat no more
Would rate higher but it won't let me download the extra content i need to visit other players plz fix and I'll give a higher rate.....How can i finish my TASK if it won't allow me to download it keeps saying error....UPDATE can i rate this lower than 1 star If i could i would......Im uninstalling bcuz now it won't load
I decided to give this game another try and managed to get it to save...usually. I even splurged and spent real money, then BOOM No save. Thanks for stealing my money. And the only response to my email was an automated response referring me to the FAQ page and to contact a game advisor if that doesn't help. And there is no link for a game advisor anywhere on that page. I'll be  steering anyone I talk to away from the Sims franchise and EA.
Missing items I bought the house player designed home and a lot of my items are missing I looked for them in all the house and they still don't show up. I payed real money for this. Please help restore my items.
MAD  It wouldn't let me get back to my game every time I click on it it will go to the main screen then cut off it the issues was fixed my game wouldn't be doing this
I well change if I can get the indoor skydiving. It didn't show up n I didn't get 7 days to work for it. 
Updated w rainbow pixels The new update blows everything up and makes it look super zoomed in to the point that I can't even choose any of the available options. Also everything is this rainbow pixel color. I've also reinstalled it numerous times. I really love this game so I'm hoping this can be fixed HELP
I love it but it's buggy. This game is a great stress reliever and perfect for passing time. Ever since the new update though, I have been unable to wear certain clothing items like cowboy boots and swimsuits and even some pants and shirts. I would appreciate if you guys could fix this soon. Please.
Was 5 Stars... BUT Have not been able to open the app., for 2 days, Keeps Force Closing HELP
Free LP section sucks I've completed over five different promotions to get fre LP and everything time I do what it said I never get the LP, I've gotten LP once. But in sick of downloading apps and trying then out just to not get LP that's promised.
Still have not been able to access friends Since last update still can't access friends list and the make up skill after 4 hours and is done and resets all over with no accomplishments they make new goals unobtainable like fashion hunter because they want you to buy vip points to extend deadline I had max sins 4 working the whole time only for 6 if t he twelve awards withing time limit and did not get skydiving such a joke they want you to spend more
You made this game suck I used to love this game....until you forced my sims to age and die.  I don't want to have to waste my life style points to keep them.  How am I to ever use them for anything else  I also don't want to keep creating characters.  I liked the ones i had.   So....Ive since moved on to other games.
