DO NOT DOWNLOAD ULESS YOU WANT TO PAY REAL MONEY It is AWFUL I Don't Think Anyone Should Get It It won't let you make a necklace, earings Or a head band Do Not Get
Hated it After reading all of your comments i decided to test it my self and my opinion is this game is rubbish i hate it, its a wast of space on your device you have to pay for everything you get accept the bracelet i dont know why people would get it.
Unlock it I love this game but most of the colurs u have to pay for them and that is really annoying.  So  half of the game is rooand
My mom My mom does not want to pay moneyPlease make everything unlocked this is a really good game so you dont need money from app purchases.
WILL NOT WORK It keeps saying unfortunately Crayola jewelry party has stopped,and that is not it, won't let me in my device and comments are not to chat
Terrible but fun It's fun and all but you can ONLY make a braclet. C'mon are you serious at least unlock the headbands. This is a joke and a waste of time.
Stupid It wont even let you make anything it keeps saying that the game is shut down. This game is soooooooooo stupid. And it's a waste of time to build your own stuff. I just mean it's a waste of time and it shuts down.im warning you don't get anything on budge studios ever.
If you wanna pay THIS APP IS OK BUT IT IT IS FABULOUS IF YOU PAY.
Seriously Come on all you can do is make a bangle where the fun in that almost everything you have to pay for
It is the worst game I have ever seen I hated it It was the worst experience ever Such rubbish
I hate hate hate hate this game
Wrong. Commets people Well you guys were wrong because i did not have to pay for anything .ps little girl
Seriously Ok,at first it worked but the second time it didn't work 
It horrible Please don't get If you install this your just wasting your time and am sure you won't like it any way
WHAT THE HECK why is only one thing free I want to design something more Pleaseeeeee let everything be free
Crazy game This game is so bad when i tryy to get in the app then Bam it turns black and it sends me out of the app
Maiesha show It is a idit becsuse it dosint wock i like the angla game want game do you like
I like this game I can do my own faction things
Money stealer I bought the whole app and then after playing and when I turned it off all of my beads stencils and excesories where gone uninstall
