7's Functionally this is a great game very fluid. There should be a way to increase the value of chips for big bets instead of dragging 500 dollar chips to bet 20k. The 7's roll way too often after you set point I just had it happen 10 times in a row this morning and makes me not wanna play this game anymore....
something is wrong Something does not work with the algorythm for dice rolling. It does not roll neither hard ways nor any of the Horn bets 2, 3, 11, 12. I get only 4,  5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 the easy way. How am I supposed to 'train' with this
Great way to teach odds and payouts This game rolls more of the bad number then I have ever seen on my worst of days at a real table. After the point is set, you will 7 out in 1 to 4 rolls. Hardly ever get back your buy in to start pressing bets. Major money loser. If it teaches you anything, you will become a master of dont bets Way to many 7 outs very quickly and consistantly. Wish I never paid for this
Impossible to win The only way don't loose and keep playing it's putting MORE money on 'COME' field and protect it with appropriate bet on 'any crap'. It's feels like this app actually calculating total sum of money on the table and immediately punish you with 'seven' as soon as it's can hurt your account.
Can't make lay bets I've noticed that since the update, nothing has changed in regards to being able to make lay bets. What kind of game of craps is this where u can make place bets, but u can't make lay bets Fix it.
Training The only training that this does is teach me you can't train craps. Its not realistic odds are against you. I don't know how many times I rolled 3 times and then 7out. If I put to much money on the table guaranteed I would lose it all. Sad that I wasted 1.99 for this
Lose lose If you bet pass line and come you will see nothing but 2,3,12,and a lot of 7's. If you bet the don't side you will see a lot of points being made.
Not Fun  More 7's once the point is made than anything else.  Can't ever get a roll going. Not fun at all.
Rolings sevens all the time. If i bet with 25 chips, then game is normal. If I have a 100 and 25 chip on the table I roll seven 4 of of 5 rolls. Something is wrong, refunding.
Craps Very frustrating...Rolls craps seven out more than realistically have in real life casino play. It is a error in random programming. I won more on nonpaid version. It is reactive to what's bets are being placed. The same rolled number comes up after the bet every time.
Good, but... I can't lay bets. If that was fixed, I'd cheerfully increase my score. As of now, a vital part of the game is missing.
You can never win. The 7 shows up whenever you bet large.
Seven Out A seven comes out ever other roll. I'm not even exaggerating. I make a heavy wager, roll once, it's good roll a second time, SEVEN Never fails. I have rolled more sevens in this game than any other number. FIX THIS
