So I never get big winds anymore.  I have to save up my chips each time I earn free chips just sooooo I can bet more than the lowest bet.  Also I can go 3 or 4 times with collecting my free chips ad's playing the games without winning any amount of coins to keep going. I'm thinking of removing this game.
You never give big bonuses you give small bonuses even when you get the big spin on the wheel the newer setup is not any better than the old set up I don't really care for it and I think that if it doesn't improve we will be deleting it
This game sucks I just lost about 14000 coins in like 3 minutes they want people to buy coins but it ain't worth it. Do not download this game it's a waste
I rcvd this rate us For 500 chips.  That was a LIE.  BIG FAT ONE.  AS THE THEY SEY SEMOR  putts.  Don't lie looking for favors.   Real stupid.
Uninstall That's what I gonna do if you dont fix it, no big wins, its take almost a month to jump from one level to other, its boring the same games everyday because I can't unlock more games because no big bonuses, no big wins, it sucks
Sucks SUCKS EVERYONE SHOULD DELETE THIS GAME. If gives no FREE SPINS or BONUSES.. This is a BIG RIP OFF... when are you gonna give spins or bonuses...
I like the game's but the bonus up to 1,000 or 1,500 400 not enough to start off with after two or three spins u have no more money I hate to delete this app please change the bonus an change the amount that u start off with to2,000 I do spend a lot of money on this game that I really don't have
Good games but can't win The games are some of the more fun games I've seen in Android apps but the pay out is horrible. I wouldn't mind paying a little for more coins if I thought I could win once in a while. Average 2  wins in ten spins and rarely win more than the bet. Also have had multiple bonus spins with no wins. Sorry, but time to uninstall this app.
In purchase dependent This app was designed to take your money quick If you want to play more than 5 minutes a day you have to buy coins VERY UNREALISTIC PAYOUT IN APP PURCHASES TOO EXPENSIVE FOR WHAT YOU GET
All games This is one of the sorryest game ...one of those game that dont give you payback or bonus even if you buy coins ..I deleted this game before , thought I give it another chance .same old sorry game all they want you to do is buy and very little play ....sorry game ...fixing to delete it for good this time no more chances..
Gifts Oops I have gifts sent to me and when i go to use it it always says  Oops this gift has expired  so when your free spins are so regulated and i am broke i kinda look forward to the gifts
Just cheated  me I just was playing Franklin Bride and letting it spin first row one of the empty progressive jackpot Hearts landed second row same thing and third row the minor jackpot.  So first three rows on very top straight across each other on pay line.  Then game glitches told me to close app couldn't screen shot and did NOT receive my coins. 1 star until issue resolved. I'm running high speed 72mb a sec wifi never had issue until this. Was about 1226 pm today 111715
House of fun Love these games but takes money to fast and can never get major bonus. It is at 4 mil. And can't get the 4 heads to save my life. Am close to quitting.
Very poor payouts.  You have to collect a week or more free coins to play 5 minutes to try and earn more coins to keep you playing or bet so low and not be in for jackpots.
Horse manure, it stinks Never asks you to rate the game when it's taking what little money you have, why, because it's rigged for people who buy coins Jackss game. What a crock of sht, you guys that own this game ever wonder why most people never have anything good to say about your game Worst game ever Jackass game. Like I said. Still a loser game.
ABSOLUTE RIP OFF I once gave this a good rating. But i changed my mind. I purchased coins for this game 12,000 coins just to sample the winssee what payouts it gives, and also in order to bet higher.. 300 coins a spin max bet on some games n NADA Nothing It just takes all ur goddamn coins Worse than real pokies Didn't get any free spins or jackpot doing the 300 per spin.. what a joke I know it's only a game but it's still a rip off Will be deleting game off phone...
Was fun for a little while but now it's so aggrevating because you're money runs out so quickly...will not spend my money on something that will be gone so fast...15,000 gone in 6 minutes and I was placing low bets...uninstalling after my next free spin
Now they've even reduced the free coin. WTF Hof are sales that low You mean paying 40.oo for 240,000 points that you guys take within 10 minutes isn't giving you good enough money Come on hos your greedy sons of b
Where tf is jungle jane The only game you had that you could win on taken away. Your new games suck it. Poooorrrr payouts. Dont download it will only cost you money. If you progress they up your min bet. Im deleting this crap. Best graphics....worst payouts. Suck it.
