Lag Fun game. Love it but now I'm starting to not like it because I'm lagging so much a and it wasn't doing this since the most recent update.
Name sameer This game is fantastic everything is okk but it has only one issue it's server problem I will give it 5 if you solve this problem please. To November 12 2016 I am trying to play this game but it showing under maintenance problem please solve this issue, I want to play this game.
Rise Of Darkness 1st its awesome at the beginning                2nd when your battling with a monster it start to run in the corner and never give turnback but stuck til the monster kill you in the end after using 100x of gems such a waste 
WTF I can't login anymore. How about you fix this issue please I even spent money on this game and its a slap to my face that this happened.
5 star to 1 star Fix the problem since the update unable to log in I have spent alot of money on a game that now I am unable to log into bullwhip and it looks like I'm not the only one
This sucks Did the upgrade and now i cant log in.... i use to love this game.... would be sad if i would have to delete it please fix this issue
So I update game as it asks just to be told it's still ongoing maitenance.  So the game is totally inaccessible , you should find a way whilst maintenance is ongoing that players  can play. No length of maintenance given either which is rude.
Id give 5 but ever since the update cant login at all fix it and will give 5 Cant login game stuck after auto login using fb fix it please i like this game very  much.
Cant connect to the server I like this game but after the update somethng went wrong..After the update,I log in with my Facebook acct but cant connect to the server S17 phantom hall,always say connection failed, try later....pls fix
Rise of Darkness The game is awesome great graphics smooth control just wow. Logged in one time the game kicked me out and now I can't log back in WTF.
Cant open At first when i updated it t was cool i gave 5 star then closed the game and when i opened it again there's an error so i restarted ng phone 3 times and close the game 4 times but i cant open the servers.
Problematic Update Could log in only once. Tried multiplayer  even for a significantly powerful character team dark is IMPOSSIBLE Logged out. Tried to log in again later. Now I cannot log in anymore Fix this ASAP
