Missing products all the time Delivery boys lack proper training of handling orders and they deliver either less number or doesn't deliver at all.The big thing is they don't inform us that the products are unavailable.Also the toll free number doesn't work
Woh.. Dude way too early to launch Really pathetic app, graphics though impressive is useless load on my phone memory. Search reveals nothing, site says cosmetics while app says beauty and wellness....
Not picking my locality I have seen Grofers delivery boy in Vypar Kendra but still the app is not taking my location. Is it a glitch in the app
Buggy and annoying. Tried adding my address after selecting the items, but when I enter the details and press add, it takes me back to the order page without updating my address details. When I click on payment, it says please add the address details. Extremely annoying.
Worst delivery service I have ordered twice but both the times order got cancelled..so in short u cant trust this app to get anything delivered to u ontime.
Joke What joke is this, when I select location, it says Mumbai not supported. But in the city list mumbai is there... can't you check the basics before publishing the app
Very Bad Experience With Grofers Just got the order delivered. However freebies printed on the pack not delivered. What's is the point in giving discount if the order is not delivered completely. Really bad Grofers. This is the 3rd bad experience with Grofers.
Bad experience Delivery is worst . customer care not responsible. Don't buy or download this app .
Poor customer care So poor people can't provide proper items and provide item lesser than ordered.don't  ever buy from them. Customer Care don't answer properly
Very bad service. Even there CRMs could not had way to how to talk to customer and their store manager just talk like villagers .Lol
Cannot deliver on time, not once but 5 consecutive times. What is the use if someone has to baby sit these people. You cannot go out once you have ordered from them over the weekend cause they are perennially busy. Absolutely pathetic.
Worst service...grofers sucks I had ordered pampers...first they postponed the order for another day and then they cancelled my order without informing me. .when I called them for my money that I paid online they said supervisor will call back and no one called back. ..grofers is rubbish. .I wish I could give you negative rating for the pathetic customer service you got. ..refund my money ASAP
Very slow delivery...poor service Committed to deliver in 90min but actually deliver after 12 hrs....since my last 4 orders in this 2monts faced same problem of delay...now grofers is no more usefull and also poor mang. ...peppertap is far far better than this silly grofer...also they anly adv to provide freebie but actually they dont provide..delivery boy makes excuse that he forgotted..fake ppl...Abhishek Surat
Pay more in this app in check out When im order fruit       sweet lime 32       green coco 29 apple 59 Nagpur orang 32 total is 152 and check out 182 and delivery charges 49 why more pay 152 real price of food 30 rupees extra pay.
No service available Shows no service in any chennai,mumbai pune.. whats wrong. Had just ordered today afternoon.. and now its showing no service.
Horrible experience  items not delivered as scheduled Such a poor service these people are offering. Ordered for the first time but they haven't delivered to me and worst thing there were no update. I had to call them for status update on their customer care number  and wasted Rs.8 for my mobile charges.            Also, when we cancel the order there is no option for tracking the refund through this app.
Poor delivery service They have shown the offer for Nutella 375 gm for Rs 275 and when I placed a order they told me that offer has already been Changed and the Price is now Rs 375. Ridiculous
