Keeps pausing I never even got a chance to play the game because it pauses right in the middle .
Keeps pausing I never even got a chance to play the game because it pauses right in the middle
What a fuss Its the worst princess game ever. It didn't work properly and it stuck while i was playing. I even had to again and again press the option that i wanted to use but it really didn't work. I am sorry to say but it should be improved.
Adds I installed this free app for my daughter. Every time she selects an option, an add pops up. It is beyond frustrating to close these adds every 30 seconds. It is such a cute game I came back to the app store to buy the full game just to have the adds removed. But it seems that isn't an option. Deleting this adorable app simply because of these annoying adds that are unavoidable
This game is terrible I want to buy thus game for my 4 year old to play without any ads. She can't play it the way it is because it pops up with ads incessantly. She doesnt understand how to get around them. Such crap Why is it so hard to buy a game for her without bullht
Cant have my 4 year old play it cause of the pop up adds coming up every single minute.. ridiculous. Gonna uninstal it
Too many ads You can't actually play the game because of pop up ads. The developer of this should be ashamed
Not how a little princess should look This give little girls the thought to show skin
THIS GAME IS STUPID This game is so stupid ads alaways pop up on the game and the names of the princess are wrong and if you try to put on there closet  it starts back over and the game pause in the middle this is the most horrible game I have every played in my lif who every likes this game is crazy or something
Good luck reading this is so I was in the For example is so I was a big fan base and I try to do with the public sector workers at the end
I hate I hate this app it is keep showing other apps when I  push play Another app I really hate it really bad
No Deleted This is a horrible game . it has a pop up every minute and It will not let me play all the games .
I don't like it .it keeps on pausing while I'm playing .if I wanted to go back to the main menu I'll click yes.it would just freez.don't download
it,s boring                                ...               .    
It Doesn't Work When I am done cleaning her,I cannot go to the level or for short I cannot go to dressing area it's just go to choose your baby.
......... Speechless Too many ads even thiugh i dlnt mind but after the ads the game froze like frozen ice
PARENTS BEWARE This game is a ad bomb. Even I had a hard time fighting off all of the popups yet alone for your child. Come on developers. This is supposed to be for kids. At least try to keep it at a minimum.
My daughter loves the game but... Way too many pop up adverts. Every minute another one pops up. Uninstalled
all you have to do is do the same 4 things  but the 5th one isn't the same so I am uninstalling it right now
