Do something to  chest opening... instead of using 1 by 1.. Seriously when u have 150 diffrent kind of chest and u own 80 each.. and u need to open 1 by 1.. my god.. its just wasting of my time Do something pls..
Can't sign on Just started playing this game yesterday 11.23.15. Everything was fine but I now can't sign on..it says password and email doesn't match which it does..i hit the forgot password button and got the email to reset so I did..and I still get the invalid password and email massage again.try a few more times same thing... my I'd ericm725. Please fix or I'll have to uninstall.
What's going on I can't get on anymore. I have a galaxy s6. It working just fine a few hours ago then crashed. How long will it be down
Won't load Nice job, now I can't play on my note 4, fix it and you might get a upgraded rating..I've seen several posts now about it not loading now...your gonna lose a lot if it'd not fix real soon...just tried to log in, screen that says it's now for now,  sucky, I was in the middle of something...I'll go to 2 stars for now...
Zeroed I have just been zeroed because I have been unable to login well I get in for about a second witch is not enough time to put a shield up  Please fix this problem I play in 745 and my player name is theEXwife.  I'm still unable to get in I log on and get booted after a second still my phone is a Sony z3 compact
Not feeling it. Tried and tried to get in to these types of games but my attention span just wont let me enjoy..
The reasons for not a better score. Now the game will only load to 50 and quit loading so that sucks because I can't shield or anything my game and if you wish for me to continue to play then let me in if I lose everything then I will quit the game and never come back. I have spent money to build it up so income losing is on the way for you.
Not Loading... Luckily I have a shield up but I am unable to log in and do anything. This is the first time this has happened, but I surely would not have paid for gold if I knew this would happen.
Don't want to load up this is second time I've been playing over six months everyday and now it ain't loading Telling me to turn app off or either saying new features coming so. And we will be back shortly Kinda passes me off not being able to check on my city. Please fix these issues so I  can get back on and play before my peace shield drops and I get zeroed
Why does it keep saying the same thing Have changed my password and verified it. Why is it not letting me log in This worthless game. MZ needs to fix all of these lag and log in issues before I'll EVER buy a pack again....
Hackers galore You can't win at this game due to the amount of hackers cheating on the game, the game dev team and customer help allow this to happen and won't ban any of the hackers as they know that genuine players will buy gold just to try and compete. Don't waste your time, energy and money on this trash game
Won't load Installed the update now the game doesn't open. Have alot of time and money in this. Fix this and I will give ut a 5 star
Update Update has killed the app It doesnt load and after a bit the screen turns black.please fix
The new update is even worse.text freezes,kicks you off.the wonder dungeon is glitchy .come on now y'all got to do better than this
Game glitches... After the update, the chat glitches. The box disappears when I touch it to start typing in it. I can't see what I'm typing at all.... And I can only send messages in private chat. Kingdom and alliance chat won't show anything, and no one can see that I'm trying to talk to them. It's doing this on my phone LG G4 and my tablet LG G Tab.
Good game. Greedy Business. Good addicting game But it's definitely a big battery killer. and the only way to win is not to play. Big spenders invest thousands and make it impossible for average players to advance. packs steadily increase in price as you purchase more.
Can't get on Since the update I can not click on anything without being kicked. I wish I didn't update. Hopefully my alliance doesn't kick me out. Fix please
It's good and fun but... It's a good game but if you want to be strong, you'll have to spend some real money. Otherwise you'll reach a point where everything gets slow and harder to get stronger. Big players will just spit on you no matter what you do. This game is the best example of Pay2Win.
P offed Use to love it but I can't log in, keeps me in for a few seconds then kickes me out, even did a hard format on my z1 with extra testing on the hard ware. U suck, fix this
First, the game constantly runs in the background  sucks your battery. In addition to the battery drain, this is an elitist game. Be prepared to spend 100's of dollars, pretty much weekly, or be chased off by bully players willing to spend 1000's on this game in order to feel superior and Lord over the Kingdom, as if it is the only thing they have going in life. I have played for 9 months. I wouldn't recommend this game if someone held a gun to my head. It's garbage.
Unable to open Was having problems opening, found an update and still can nor open app. Won't load past 50. I have a shield going down on one of my cities
Don't waste your time or money Used to be a fun game, but then the developers added too much too quick, making the free to play aspect obsolete. The lag is horrible, and they blame it all on your Internet connection. Game constantly crashes, again not their fault. Complete waste of time now
I like game...but I'm having terrible keyboard issues on my lg g4. Also, game crashes when trying to type the amount of troops I want to march or train. This is a nightmare when trying to join rallies Please fix. Thanks. PLEASE MZ I'M BEGGING YOU TO FIX THIS. There's not many reasons for me to keep playing or spending if I cant join rallies. The game crashes when trying to type the amount of troops I want to march. I don't know if this is Lgs problem or Mz but it has to get fixed, PLEASE.
