Its OK but No Nvidia Shield means I can't play it on the device it would be best on. Total fail. Some devs amaze me at how little they want their audience to be.
The dev seems to be ignoring us I'd gladly rate this game 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that the lack of difficulty settings has yet to be addressed after so many complaints. It's as though once the devs get your money they couldn't care less about you. The reaction time to pitches is so low that it's extraordinarily difficult to play this game. Simply adding difficulty settings will change my 1 star to a 5.
Won't run on HTC one m8... I was just hosed out of  when I upgraded my os. Boo Google
Too difficult Gameplayvis nice, graphics are very nice but the AI is way to hard to beat seems like every other at nat they get a HR I have yet to get a HR can barely get on base
Could be better I loose runs, outs, and games because the controls are so small, so hard to get perfect. I don't understand the difficulty ratings in the game, but I'm sick of being shelled every game. Needs work, when it gets it I'll change this score. Right now, not worth 5.
Games seems unfair I'm all for difficult games that make me have to improve and get better to succeed at the game.  But this game is a little silly.  The CPU pitchers have a lot better movement on their pitches.  Seems like every time I hit it goes right to the outfielders.  Nothing like the original. Will probably uninstall.
Not fun, too hard, no difficulty settings I can't tell you how many times I've had to rage quit this game because the computer hits a home run off the first pitch. Also, the computer magically knows to steal whenever you throw a slow pitch, and it's impossible to throw the runner out. Even more, after shelling out five bucks for this terrible game, they have the chutzpah to try and charge for more content. Don't bother with this one.
Unfairly difficult.  Don't waste your money. Computer is too difficult to play and  the controls are unresponsive.  Good looking graphics but very frustrating because it favors the computer.  Doesn't seem like a fare contest.  Thought in time like all other games that you can improve, but no such luck in 3 months of playing it on regular base.  Going to delete it and toss it up to a bad purchase.
Too many issues ruin this game Where to begin 1. The AI is too cheap. Constantly getting perfect hits after player team scores. Insulting rubberband AI 2. It is unfair when I make an obviously clear tag out on a play, but the AI is always called safe. 3. Touch controls do not respond, especially when trying to throw to a specific base. Make larger base icons to make it easier to throw.  FIX THIS NOW
Disappointing I don't understand how so many errors are made on defense with computer assisted controls on. How easy it is for the computer opponent to get hard contact on balls pitched off the plate. Base running controls are bad. Can only swipe for a double after the player arrived at 1st. Pitchers wear down after 34 innings. An OK game but not great like you would expect from MLBAM
Sham... This game is a sham. I agree with the other reviews of unrealistic difficulty. They make it that way so they won't ever have to add new content or improve it because the majority of downloaders will hate it so much they will swallow the 5 dollars they wasted and forget about this stupid game. Friggin scam artists. Thanks a lot.
Could be 5 stars This would be a 5 star review, hands down, because the game is beautifully done and smooth to play. Inability to select specific pitches isn't a problem since that's true to origin, and this is not a simple difficulty complaint. For a PAID game, there are a few basic features that should be included stat tracking player acquisition trades, free agency, create a player. Many free games offer these so paying 4.99 seems a complete ripoff.
