Complicated gameplay You can't tell if your tile can do range attack or not. Combat sequence is more like guessing who gonna hit first. No hint. No tile description. Its a guessing board game.
Wait This hasn't been abandoned Surprised and happy to see the HD update 5 stars Oh, the hires stuff is an IAP... 4 stars Oh, STILL no online multiplayer... 3 stars. That's still one more than my previous rating. No, wait, lack of online multiplayer really cheesed my grater today, so back down to 2.
Disappointed with new version I'm revising my review after ver 3.0. I HATE IT  I even paid for HD hoping the busy ugly tiles will be better. I'm sorry but I'm taking 4 stars away. Used to be 5 stars. Please please bring back the old tiles  New boards are welcome but new tiles are confusing. Can't clearly see which sides are which. 
Shame about the AI... Basically on hard, the computer picks whatever tile it wants and you get most situationally useless ones. Have tested this out several time but don't take my word for it, try playing a faction and then reverse player and the AI..it's really obvious. Shame really, as the game itself is great..
Only online for Apple Aa if there is no respect for Android users, this app is available to play online in iPhones.
New graphics .. Is just bad. Used to love the game, but now it is not playable because of the new graphics. Give us the option to use the old tiles back
The 3.0 graphics update has introduced a serious bug that rendered the game next to unplayable. Almost 3 in 4 games end prematurely in a crash with an illegal state exception after a discard, often within the first 5 turns. I'm disappointed that after over 2 years of problemfree play, the game has taken this turn for the worse.
Redo settings after each update  not nice Hi guys, the app regularly crashes and it is not nice that after each update I have to redo all the settings. Please fix
Graphical update killed the game Was my favourite game once. Emphasis on was. The recent graphical upgrade killed the atmosphere, these new tiles are as ugly as hell. Please create an option to switch back to the original tiles. Until that this is a 1star game recently it was 5
Floating tile issues Game design is good but it has lots of useability issues. User manual doesn't work. Tutorial is not that helpful. Sometimes the tile just floats and you can't do anything with it. You need to undo our pause and resume in order to get it working again. This is really annoying.
Buggy Can't even place a tile...
All expansions bundle. Please add a bundle of all expansions. So I can buy all expansions at once. Thank you.
Down from 5 stars. It's a pity such a great game has received such a poor graphics revision.
Bugged as all get out
Bleh It was a fun game but now it pops an error and won't even load
the new graphics sucks big time. It's difficult to differentiate symbols. Also maybe some of the old expansions groups should be included on the app now. Also I want online matches like in iOS.
Latest update unplayable Changed rating from 5 stars to 1 after latest graphical update. This needs to be addressed immediately. It is nearly impossible to differentiate between symbols and like colors. Borders have disappeared entirely. Please give the option to choose old or new tiles at least.
