Punch Boxing Making a purchase of game bucks is supposed to make the game ad free. Mine was ad free until I shut the game down and restarted it. The ads have been back ever since. Fix the glitch and I'll give it 5 stars. Thanks.
I can get my old saved game I just got this phone and re downloaded this game and there is no way to get my purchase or log in please help. I will give a better rating when fixed
I completely agree with Manoharan. I have fought this guy Clarence Chua and just can't win, even though I'm almost twice as strong as he is,  the more you hit him the stronger he seems to get with more rage punches coming at you. If this the type of game you people are putting on us I'm done playing and will uninstall. A way of trying to have us pay more money for upgrades.
Money Grab A clear money grab by developers. The amount of time you constantly have to spend waiting, the constant shortage of money, amount of ads, and game mechanics all go to show for this. Blocking and dodging and terribly unresponsive, and it is balanced in such a way to lure players to spend money to be able to compete at any decent level with the AI's. Find a better time killer than this if you don't want to empty your wallet for a short time and small amount of satisfaction.
Game is rigged The higher you go in career your defence becomes less responsive. Think the idea is to make us shell out more money in upgrades. Not ethical.
Runs a little slow Tons of memory on my phone, nothing else lags but this game still runs slow.  In a game that requires timing that's a killer.
Rip off Do NOT make a purchase in this game Ad Free is promised with purchase, but ads never go away.
Takes way to long to be able to upgrade. Unless... You guessed it, . Also people who say this is the best game ever must have lived under a rock their whole life. GAME SUCKS. PERIOD. If it had way more championships and way easier to upgrade would MAYBE push me up to 3 stars. ATARI HAD BETTER GRAPHICS lol. I ALSO DON'T SEE HOW IT HAS AN ALMOST 4.5 STAR REVIEW RATING, BUT OK.
It took my money that id earned and thats weak. Id tate it more if it hadnt stolen back the money id earned in game and no one seems to care
Boxing Fever I lost my profile settings, gold  money. I had inapp purchases and it was all lost. I emailed company twice.  Still nothing.  I like the game but the customer service sucks so I refuse to play it unless I am reimbursed.
Unfair I had higher stats than a guy and he knocked me down once and it was impossible for me to get up but I knocked him down 3 times and he got back up in 3 seconds every time. Rigged and unfair bad app terrible graphics and load times.
Isn't the best game It's too expensive to train a figther, and the graphics have medium quality. I need a lot of money to build a good boxer. The app have a lot of trash ads. The game is too simple, and do not represents a challenge for me. Maybe you need to consider other kind of apps, because this app motivates to erase it in one week or less.
