Wifi Needed for Extras I had this game on the ipad and loved it.   Works fine but if you purchase the very expensive expansion packs they will not work without wifi.   I don't have wifi available where I'm at so it's been a waste of money.
Can only play against one other computer player, other wise the ai will always sacrifice one by only attack you. Plus, the sign in feature won' t let you just say no.
Every game crashes I've never had a problem with apps crashing, but this one crashes constantly.  It also often won't let me play with the expansion I paid for.  Not worth it because I can seldom finish a game.
So upset This is my favorite board game, so I convinced 2 of my out of state friends to download it to play with. If I leave the app, suddenly the game no longer exists. Doesnt matter if its the first turn or the last. For 7 dollars for an app, I didn't expect it to have such an obvious flaw. Thanks for nothing Days of Wonder.
Crashes all the time Crashes constantly and loses game progress. Desperately needs an option to remove animations completely.  The very expensive extra content is only available when connected to the Internet, which isn't always an option, and is just stupid.  These 3 issues cause huge obstructions to game play and enjoyment. 5 stars if these were fixed.
Haven't made it through a game, of any kind, without the app crashing. I'm using a Samsung S3. It's not an outlandishly obscure phone. And I'm shocked and frustrated this app consistently doesn't work. I'm incredibly disappointed and regretful of my purchase. I feel ripped off. To make matters worse, this game seems to want to destroy my data plan since it verifies my download every time I open the app.
Freezes  Unplayable The game freezes every few rounds, making it unplayable. Great game otherwise. Wish it worked 
Haven't been able to complete a game Seems to consistently lock up every couple turns. Sometimes when it does it leaves screen artifacts behind and the only way to fix is to reboot   wish this game would work, love the board game.
Crashes within five minutes of playing ... Bought this on sale today and pretty much deinstalling it as we speak.  Tried to play four times and the app would crash the entire time.  The last time it crashed it left part of it's screen on my phone the entire time and blocks the entire view of my screen forcing me to reboot the phone.
