Was good prior to last update Latest update littered the game with pop up adds.  This was one of my favorite free games to play.  I get that company needs to make money so this must be a push to make folks buy the 2.99 version.  I might just look elsewhere.
Highly Disappointed with Newest Patch I loved this app prior to the last update but the adds are now too invasive. Adds are full screen  sometimes include audiovideo.  Some have timers so they cannot be quickly dismissed.  Buttons to cancel adds can be difficult to press pending display.  I used to rank this 55, now 25.
Scoring errors seem to not happen anymore but you would get 2 more stars if I wasn't bombarded with new popup ads.
Biased game AVOID Too one sided, never had Gin, and 9 times out of 10 Aiden manages to undercut you, oh and no I don't need tips to play, I'm a fairly good Gin player.There are better Gin games out there AVOID
Sorry guys I gave it an honest amount of time and patience, but the game was way to one sided towards the house. Your graphics are great. Good luck. Maybe I will check back later to see if the game play has improved
It Used To Be Very Fun... This Game Has Been Entertaining, But Once My Score Got Higher, My Point Increase Only Happens By 3. Why Does The Oppennet's Score Improve By 12 gt Whether That's Part Of Every Android Version Or Whether It's Just How The Developer Made This One, Fix It You Will Have A Lot Higher Of A Rating From A Lot Of People I Am SO Sure Of That Another Thing, Quit With The Advertisements They're Getting Ridiculous. I'm Starting To Think That This Game Will Be Deleted.
gin rummy love the game but way to one sided and the pop ups are draining my battery very frustrating
Was so great before the last update Great simple design, but these new unskippable 30 second animated ads are deplorable. I'm okay with ads for such a great free app, but the video ads are a step too far.
New patch is rigged Since the patch that changed to the full page ads between hands, the house has become almost invincible. When your opponent can knock without even drawing a card 3 times in a single game, they aren't lucky, they have all the cards. This used to be one of my favorite games, now it's a joke. If you need to draw more than 3 times, you will lose over 90 of the hands dealt. No longer worth paying. Edit.. As of 9242015, still very one sided
Unskippable Ads An update added obstructive ads you can't back out of. This used to be my favorite app. Now it's uninstalled.
Ads are ridiculous Used to love it, now uninstalling. The ads are not just occasional, they are frequent, lengthy, and LOUD.  Don't use excuse of people complaining about the banner ads, as this is certainly not better. I expect ads with free games, but these are ridiculous
Marty I know you say the games not rigged. When your opponent goes out every time in one or two draws. Even worldclass players can't go out that often in one or two draws. A game you can't win or can only win RARELY is no fun An App should be fun. Look at your rateings. Enough from me it's on to uninstall,and find a fun game.
Shut the ads up OK, I understand the need for ads to pay for the game but there's no way to mute their juvenile music. That makes the game embarassing to play in a public place.
Hate hate hate it Can't win if the opposition is dealt a no brainer hand and lays the hand down after the first draw repeatedly.
Liked the old banner ads. I play while listening to books now the ads break in on the audio books. Go back to the old one. Or give us a chance to buy so no ads.
Nodda fan Opposition 90 of the time gets good cards, no matter the ranking. I want to knock on the first card played too. Looking for a better appliction.......... uninstalled
What's up with score Just played a hand computer's player had 44 dead wood  with a 3 that played off my cards  so 44341 but it only gave me 38 points. What the heck, no wonder we don't win the game is very one sided I was up by 200 points then within a fraction of the play time less than 80 point spread I win a game I get 23 points  but when I lose a game I lose 1520 points
Uninstall Too many ads. Must manually drag and hold card to discard pile. No undo button. Does not automatically tell you when you can knock
Was good now new adverts have ruined the experience The banner adverts never got in the way nor were they distracting but they have now been replaced with full screen videoaudio adverts that you cannot close and have to watchlisten to till they finish. The audio in the adverts stops any apps that are playing music at the time. Please go back to do your old advertising system.
I like the game but now I'm getting adds with video. Video uses data and costs me money. So in reality, the game isn't free is it. I think it's time to delete this game. And I've had it on my phones for a long time.
1 Gin Rummy card game When do you get to play other opponents unless you bet them I quess but when will the opportunity arise
