How much I liked it last spring  I had just traded my pocket cell phone, and  could only find spades and spider solitare.  Neither claimed to be free.  When I traded my android, THEN I discovered how limited the AI factory version could be. ALL three  have such aggressive advertising tactics now,  I have removed them until I can find someone who can teach me how to read their Ad speak and find what the features their product has ... which is another vote NO.
Skill Levels I play to win  expect the other 3 players to do the same. Skill level seems to be how often my partner fails to make his bid.How can my skill overcome that More weasel words from A.I.  I can't play a game if I can't trust that my partner will always try to win.  Worth 99 cents. Deleted
AI makes this game not enjoyable They keep telling everyone that it is difficult to make AI play like a human. My answer would be for them to talk to the competition. DON'T SPEND YOUR MONEY OR TIME ON THIS APP
Not okay with this app permissions This app requires permissions that can add items from your SD card and read it too. Guess this might be why I have no space on my sd card. And I thought it's be better if I purchased the app... nope
Not very good at all I have the ai chess and heart s  and they are much better .  if you make a mistake don't worry your partner will make even more nd very stupid ones at that
It's rubbish My dog can play spades better than this app,  and I don't even have a dog.
Played the game. Have noticed that the other team will be out of spades when running spades and then have one at the end. Noticed the same pattern with other suits as well. Therefore it is really not a fun game.   I would not recommend purchasing the game.
AI becomes aware of your hand After 15 to 20 games the AI begins to react and play with knowledge of your hand to the point that it is uncanny.  In other words, the AI appears to take a working knowledge of the player's hand into account for it's algorythms.
Worst spades I ever played
can't cover a nil A partner shouldn't bleed out a suit on a nil bid when the niller has shown a void suit
Keeps freezing since last update.
Disappointed The AIs do not play nil hands the same way a human  does which results in a lot of nils not being made.
