Slow as can be Can it get any slower I was waiting one hour for the first level to load I think you shouldn't get this game the game was ok but too slow
Fun at first... Like most tablet games, this is fun at first,  but around lvl 20, if you aren't dropping lots of real money, you hit a wall that requires hundreds of hours to overcome. Your army of zombies will be rapidly killed in PvP vs. people wo spent money to have CRAZY overpowered unitsyou exist just to feed them points.
Force closed help devs I just downloaded the game, after i choose a human then put a name when i go to the first mission it will automically closed..and reinstall the game 3x same problem again.. Please help.. Im using octacore mali gpu 2gb ram android lollipop.. I wanna play this game 
This game is great, but... I just started the game and in the second mission set as survivors, day 4, the game keeps crashing midgame, also crashes in 34 missions and pvp games I play. I will rate 5  if this is fixed. I am using Android Lollipop  Thanks in advance.
Good game but too bad The game always crash, cant even do a single raid, everytime loading the map it will crash, what a shame
Was playing it just a day ago and niw its stuck in loading screenwont open...uninstalling first do not know how come it will not load tried but stuck in loading
Couldn't even enter name Bug wouldn't even let me enter my name without screwing around. Never had anything like it on any other app in the 2 years I've had my tablet. Just another in a long list of halfassed apps.
Reload Reload issue So much updating stuff instead of 40 or I don't remember how much the capacity of the game make it bigger and better from every time updating and waiting and and and.The worser now is the reload issue not that worthy game.
Can't play After 1st time i can play without problem but when i want to play it again, Loading in tittle and can't sign in fix it and i will give 5 stars
Battery,loading, auto exit On android phone it drain a lot battery eventhough it only run at background. I mostly run it on ipad as it need take a very long time to load on android. I open the apps at my ipad,and the game always auto exit. When i launch back, the energy was deducted Uninstalled the game
Can no longer start game Finishd tuorial on survivor ,game crashed and I cant log in any more when I restart the game
So Dumb This is not a zombie game, this is a waiting game, all you do is just waiting the game to conect, event your phone conection is still fine as well. SUCKS
So repetitive I wouldn't even call it a game More Of a distraction like those chinese tickleacat apps. If you are in the market for substance look elsewhere
Take too much time to load Please improve the loading time.i can login and load clSh of clan,domination just fine.but it take forever to load this game.such a turn off.
