Overall poor For the money you pay for this game you should except a well made game with real cycling race statergy however this isn't the case, climbers struggle up hills, and sprinters are finishing top in the mountains. No real protection for the leader of the teams and not brilliant graphics. Good idea poorly executed
Progression is impossible There is no way to earn coins in the game, making there no way to make your characters stronger. Uninstall and refund
Disappointed This is not what I hoped for at all. Don't know where to start, it's just poor. The team u start with is terrible, no chance of winning anything other than intermediate sprints and climbs that are near the start of a stage. Just a boring grind.
I Loved Le Tour 14... This one is not nearly as good. I want real riders and have dream team as an option. I like riding as the real team, not a '' make your own team.
Good I love it
Not all bugs fixed I had a mtg bottle thing I did not use and it disappears please fix
Buy coins The game play is actually not the worst. However, this game is geared towards making the developers money not providing the players with entertainment. Impossibly hard unless off course you buy upgrades with coins you either pay for or earn. Interestingly, earning coins is near impossible without having coins in the first place. Dissapointing game all round, the developers should be ashamed of themselves.
Pay to play Need to pay extra money in game to be able to compete otherwise you have to use a bronze team and a terrible bike. Played 1 tour and havent managed to save enough money to be competitive. You need to complete challenges to get money and the only way you can complete the challenges is with faster riders except if there is a sprintKOM at the start of a stage. Last years was far better
Unfinished Way too expensive to play, plus the rider's names are all wrong irregularly truncated first names rather than surnames. Plus why can't I play as an existing team I don't want to make my own. And other teams all have faked names. Frustrating.
Awful. Pay to win garbage.
Terrible Luckily I was able to get a refund.
Crashed when opening Game wouldn't start. Refunded.
