Crap Been playing for ages came 5 th was to get massive coins got 500 spent lots of pearls to do this I could have bought 500 coins at for a few pearls has more bugs than I care for did not get prizes at 600 and 700 so my advice is there are better games and better company's to give your cash to they don't speak English when they do email you back they do nothing just don't spend any money
Gameplay flaw. After playing this for more than two years,I hate that more powerful players teleport to your location steal of your hard worked resources and then teleport back to another location leaving you without any chance of fighting back or redeeming anything because they already teleported out. Gives you no reason to keep on playing.
Tap4fun screw you over Tap4fun keeps merging servers with deletes alot of your hard work cant get nowhere because of server merger. I will delete this game from all my devices and I think google play should remove this game its a ripoff
Addictive but buggy come out with new things without fixing old, people cannot login after updates and constantly having to reset, but i am hooked  now after merge cannot heal troops, build boats, or upgrade certain buildings.
Unable to login all day Have been trying to login all day to renew bubbles on my cities. App crashes while game is loading. At this point I'm sure my RSS is gone and troops have been slaughtered, yet I'm sure Tap4Fun will just say do you have screenshots Infuriating. Player from merged 44 server. Yes I have cleared cache, cleared data, removed and reinstalled.  Still crashes while entering Sparta
Spartan wars 3 years into the game on server 127 now experienced merges ext but the game has been destroyed by tap allowing pathetic server updates glitches and most of all corrupt mods .
Unable to rebuild after destroying buildings Game is unfairly balanced people buy gold and destroy others who don't use gold to build strong forces so all in all a very unfair playing platformbugs get reported yet never replied to very dissapointed with this game
Don't ever Download This Game Tap4fun thanks for ur great support as u helped with the new update a lot of players to lose their troops and different items. You guys rock  Useless team ever according for what kind of money u ask to be spent in this Rubbish game as I can't call it better. Just look what your team done Atm Messing with peoples time and money .I don't know how Tap will solve this and compensate all that big number of players .
Got the 240 pearls and 4 star god and it leveled me up. I thought it wouldn't level you up now I'm eligible for bloodbathing, that's made the game pointless for me.
Corruption English server 217 has been ruined by corrupt mods who only enforce their own rules and not the games. This issue needs to be resolved as I have spent thousands of dollars and so have other people and to have mods ruin the game is horrible
Tap2getScrewed Seriously you and your tech team messed up. All you give respect is  not to the players. While there is a new troop or building then there would be a bug. Thanks a lot for putting us s180 in a dead server since 7 months. Love the bugs
Black out I hv been playing this game on 161 all English now server 203 ..new update today and wen I start the game the screen blacks out with in 2 seconds.tried clearing cahe ,data and reinstalling but no help. left a pm on fb also but still no response.cant play the game.can someone really help.
Spartan wars Will rate higher when all the crazy stuff regarding mods getting power crazy with this new special rule for s217 only the mods are ruining the game with mods going mute crazy on our server where they lurk and perm mute us with no mails warnings nothing so either do something about it or it stays low rating act on it tap before u start losing   as players get punished for the slightest thing with no explanation
Boring Tap needs new features. Like pearl giving We should be able to give pearls to other players. This feature will increase the pearl flow
new update 111015 your new update erased all my troops in healing center, I've spent hundreds of dollars on this game,I am VIP 6  you guys need to do something about this ... you basically made me waste my money ...
Problems getting it to even work. Every time I go to log in it loads on the page where it says traveling to Sparta but then phone goes black and it kicks me off. I know I got connection I'm useing wifi
Rip off I buy a 8k pearl pack and then it errors so my money was spent but i received nothing
Force closing have 4 accounts...can access 3 And on the fourth I log on and screen goes black after 20 tries...seriously what is going on
Not work on intex cloud m6
It saying connection timed out At every log in the game saying that connection timedout .
Connection Connection, failed 200 Help Please I have been trying for two hours.
Tried to change my name Tried to change my name from lord. The game said the name was invalid but still took the 20 pearls it takes to change it happily
Nice game but Nice game but there is no war we can watch we can only see soldiers cards
