Update sucks Only one star till its fixed. Who ever thought they had a great idea needs to be given a job clearing gum off the bottom of the lunch tables because they don't have any gaming skills that they can brag about
How do I get my village to play When I open app, it stays black, then goes to home screen... im having the issues on my tablet, im downloading on my phone. Please help, if I get village back, will I lose coins  acorns I try to keep up, I haven't been able to get on for 45 days now
Total Bummer The update and circus  whose idea  The programming has a long way to go.  Have been locked out for a week game will not load, talk about major bugs.
New update fail Hi since this new update my game freezes,it takes me to the collection store then in freezes, i am unable to do anything. I cant even collect coins or go to customer services.  Please assist and fix this problem
I used to always play the game and now it has stopped working I have spent money on this game and it isnt the first time it has done this I am not happy. You have lost a committed player
Ice Age Village Crashes I got to around level 55 and again at 72 and it crashed. I have the space on my phone and I have updated every time it was needed. I don't have my village after the last update because it simply vanished.  I reported it and it has not been corrected. Lots of  glitches but fun game. This is for the newest version Overall Not worth it
JB This game was pretty cool until latest update.  Now it loads to main screen, and there is an arrow directing me to click on the collection button. When I do, it freezes.  I can't collect my coins.  I haven't been able to play in over a week.  Please fix the bugs. I'm on level 80 with real money invested, and even though I'm out of land space,  I still enjoyed playing.  Fix the bugs, and I'll rerate to a 5
Ice age village The last update crashed my game...black screen of death...so I can't even get to customer service.  When this problem is fixed you will get a 5 star rating from me...love the game been playing for over 2 years..but refuse to start over again for the 5th time  Help
Love this game ,been playing it 2years ,but like alot of other people, when i try to open the game it goes blank and sends me back to tablet screen, so now i have to delete it and reload, lucky i have it backed up to the cloud ,but iv done this about 5 times now ,and its frustrating, please sort this out .i really don't want to loose the game
Ice Age never loads It used to constantly crash, now it Never loads. The screen goes black and then goes back to my tablet home screen I have spent  on this game. What a waste At first I loved playing it, you didn't need WiFi. Now it's just irritating I want a refund
5  stars Hasn't let us play in 3wks. Since the new update lagged and froze up Now app won't open. You send reports and no one contacts you back. About to uninstall the game. Losing money
Ice Age Village You get to a high level, and the game crashes. Making you loose over half your progress. It makes you work hard and then it takes it all away from you. Very discouraging, a big let down
Update sucks The latest update I had to do in order to play the game is ruining the game. Now it frequently freezes which really sucks when you're playing kungfu scrat and crashes or lags all the time now. Please fix so I can actually play again and I'll fix the rating, but if you want 5 stars you gotta add more mini games
Used to love this game I've spent more real money on this app than any other I've had. Pointless. This game used to be awesome but all the updates have completely ruined it. Fthis game. I want my  back.
blank screen and cant open suddenly, it cant open. i just playing at a few hours ago and now it show a blank screen and back to my menu. please fix it as soon as possible. i've been addicting with this one
since last update i cannot open this damn game black screen and it won't load wish i hadn't updated it. been restarting my phone for million times and still it won't work. fix it
Ice Age Village Have played this game for a long time and now it will not let me play.  Makes me go to collections and then freezescrashes every time I go there. Problem started after autoupdate.  Please fix this problem. Uninstalled and reinstalled  and still not working. Have been waiting almost a month and still NO FIX. '
My game just started over again to start i spent alot of money now its gone cant access ice age at all Enjoy the game the game alot I wish you could win acorns it would help things happen faster, but I enjoy the game very much
Been playing for a little while now it won't open, I can't give it no better then the two stars, u fix problem and I will change rating the game  suxs do not waste time u work hard to build u get so far in game then u can't log in its all about money do not waste your time e dlthis game unless u have lots of money.    Crapcrap crap
The game is good I'm a VIP. I PLAY THIS GAME A LOT.  NOW THEY ARE HAVE MADE IT SO IF YOU ACCIDENTALLY HIT A BUTTON YOU CAN SPEND 100 acorns. It's dishonest and they don't repay you. THEY steal your hard earned money
Help, at level 90 something, screen black  Am I the only one today, sunday Oct 11, that has a black screen, taking another star away, you haven't responded to my last question,   yet panda pop works, card games work, Google works, HELP    And I had a baby ready to hatch,,,   Yet again a week later, u won't answer all of us, my user name, nutzville mo.   
Please fix this problem, I can't get into my app,I've got very far and can't get back in for some reason, its four stars until this just happened.
New update I now know that it really sucks only get circle on a blue screen on my rca tablet and my next book no more of this game that I really loved playing tks for your update
LAG Lost my daily award, had to pay acorns to retrieve, and it lags, it takes me to the store and freezes there, can't click on anything else... please fix quickly..    EDIT  still no fixes, can't do anything, very disappointing I will uninstall for good.... EDIT 2 Seriously After more than one month and a half still no updates to fix this Uninstalling... disappointing.
DON'T UPDATE Can't even get the game to open Black screen force close and reboot. I could play it at first and it wiped out my acorns and reset my daily bonus. Resetting the daily bonus cost me an acorn. Not fair that because your game sucks it cost me. Fix the rotten update and give 100 acorns to people. You screwed the pooch on this. I don't have data or internet, I rely on free wifi.
