Disconnects when my daughter tries to put the ice in the cup. It sucks. It's OK til that point for a child who knows to not click the adds.
I never got to play the game it kept freezing as soon as I would turn it on it would freeze ill never purchase a game this company makes ever again.
STUPID  AND  THE  WORST GAME  OF ALL TIME SO SHUT UP PEOPLE  WHO  SAY IT'S  GOOD 
Hate it I never gonna play one of yall games again every time I go to put the ice on the snow cone it says the game has stopped fix the issue and I might try to play it again but for now 1 star I would give you 0 stars if I could make it where people can play fix I would give this game a rate negative 100 fix the bugs with this stupid game  who ever read this far don't download this it is horrible This game should never be heard of it is so dome stupid lmao.
Disgusting.... What a BeKaR game. Its the worst game ever played. Heads up GuYs let's do not install this worst game
It won't work. I've tried clicking, dragging, and tilting and I t still won't work. The farthest I can get is to the ice pack part. Uninstalling.
I hate this game so stupid it don't allow me to go after the decoration of the cone it says the game unfortunately  stoped. I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate this stupid game
Wow. So many fake accounts are being made just so they can argue about this game and pretend to be kids. I installed this just so I can say Stop. You are all ruining google play with your pointless arguing and whining about how good or bad this game is. It's an app made by the developer so they can make money off of advertising. Why waste time even posting your useless jibberish about stupid shutup and idiot related topics Anyways, you people need to stop. It's moronic.
2 year old daughter wanted to play so bad But there were so many ads that popped up, she just cried bc she couldn't play. Not kid friendly. Stupid.
Worst game ever When i looked at this game it looked really good but it was rubish too many adds and when it pointed an arrow to the snow cone maker i t just froze now i understand why people are doing bad reveiws do not install this app
Shut up jasmine sharma Stop saying idiot to people your the idiot bully girl gosh this girl is a bully and by the way I hate this game I hated hated hated
This game is stupeddddd it is the wost  so yea Brus I HAT how it frezez what if elsa done thiso dose eny one agre did you hear what it says at the top  iTS AWESOME and it is not how ever sed shut your moth you shut your moth
Rubbish I couldn't lift the lid of the snow cone for ten minute's and when I did lift the lid the ice pack wouldn't go in so don't download it.
There are so many adds. This game won't let me play. It freezes up on me. This game is dumb and stupid.
BORING  I have just installed the game , but there isn't much to do . It is quite a silly and idiotic game . I am uninstalling it right now .
Boo If you like lots of adds download it. But I'm uninstalling it. When I was playing it went straight back to my home screen. 
PROBLEM FIX IT NOW I HATE THIS THING JUST FIX THIS THING RIGHT NOW Bella.. After we put the color of the cone and turned and it says the appgame stopped fix it bianca
Not bad When I play all time the ice cream have black ohhh so fix it and i give 5 star
I HATE this game I Haaaaaaaaaaaaate it I like it and all but... a bunch of adds all ways pop up. And it will NOT work I try to do what it says. It doesn't work uninstalling
RUBBISH This game is so rubbish I hate hate hate hate the game so so so sooooooooooooo much I'll never get it ever ever ever again
Stupid This game is STUPID they don't let me go to the part after the decorated cones 
Crap Its rubbish not child friendly never download this rubbish game
