Not loading Was a great game to play and had a blast, but since last update it tries to download files then stops and kicks me out saying I may not have purchased the game. If this is fixed it's an excellent game. But the fact I cannot open it now means it's a waste of money.
Unacceptable This going to be at rant. Cause I'm furious After spending what seemed like an eternity downloading the app it started a download verifier. After a brief 15 sec check though it hangs and tells me it failed because I might have not bought the game My bank statement clearly states different. This is extremely sad I very much looked forward to playing this, even recommended it to others Given how good the PC version was, this seems like dirty business
Flawless, yet useless Every time I closed and reopened the game, all items in my inventory not equipped to a character disappeared. Gameplay was fine, everything I love and remember, but that one glitch makes this game unplayable, fix it Please
Space minigame ruins it I was really enjoying the game until I left Taris. Then spent 2 hours in the worst minigame ever devised. Gave up. Kept getting killed because of the deformed controls. Ruined.
Love this game, wanted to try it out for my Asus tablet. Installed up to 98 then told me it can't be downloaded.. with...
Big Issue Spoiler  after my first battle with Malak, my game breaks during the conversation after the fighting off the other ships to get away. The game prevents me from moving forward and once I do, some of my characters are unavailable and replaced with an anology or something. How can I get past this and avoid losing the characters in my party
Finally works but I've run into a certain point in the game after u fight dark Malak for the first time and u return to the ship and it glitches and u are stuck in the ship and you can't exit or travel anywhere eles. Please fix
Controller issues Update though the game loads and runs fine, the lack of use of my Dpad makes doing anything advanced impossible. That includes force powers, grenades, mines, etc..  Dpad controls do not work on Sony dual shock 4 synced with Sony Android TV XBR55X850C. it's really unplayable at this point. Surprised I even got off Taris.  Easily a 5 stars if this issue is fixed
