Video ads Not only are there more ads than ever, I had a video ad popup and ignore me setting the game to no sounds. Uninstalled
Use to be my favorite game I use to enjoy this game in free moments until they changed how ads work. I understand the need for ads but having ads every other level shoved in your face is not fun or even makes me consider wanting to look at the ads.
GREAT GAME TERRIBLE ADS It wasn't always like this,  I've had this game 3 years now and played it on everything but now the ads make the game barely playable and pop up during a level.  It's stupid and they ruined the game.  They never respond to feedback because they don't care so they can have all their annoying ads back since I'm uninstalling it.
Stupid Playing arcade, after so many levels you can't win. Let's say you're down yo a blue a green and a purple. It will only give you red yellow and orange. Uninstalling.
This used to be awesome... until adverts This app was amazing. Timeless and everlasting. Then they changed how the ads are displayed and made it superannoying. If i wanted ads stuffed down my throat I'd join a freakshow as a paperswallower.
Sucks It shows a different color and it won't let you switch and it will give you different colors for you can't pass the level quickly
Very bad Worse than all other similar games. Balls are large. They never reach the point desired. N useless balls keep on coming in turns.
Ads It was a nice game. Now ads everytime  you finish  a board. And no new levels   DELETE 
No control I have played Deluxe version and as you know accuracy and timing is key,but this version seems to take the accuracy away from player and speeds up when it wants especially when it realises that you may win on next shot 
Auto play  uninstall I accept the fact that with free games I will have to see ads. I can deal with ads, even occasional obtrusive ones. But any app or game that auto plays a movie with loud audio is immediately uninstalled.  For me that's a dealbreaker.  Too bad because I've had this game a long time and really enjoyed it. But no more I guess.
Kept going back to level one.  Have wasted about 500 attempts to get to level 60. Love the game but its time to give up.
