Can't stop easily Ok, but I can't stop it Mostly stupid graphics, could be so much better. Kind of a waste of money in my opinion.
Geemaol.com The duck duck moose does not come on just goes right into  Wheels on the Bus song. My Grandsons wait to hear duck duck moose does anyone know how to fix this as I have this app from iTunes and works perfect
TV GGG BH ee
Just OK This ap isn't nearly as fun as the Itsy Bitsy Spider one by Duck Duck Moose. It's very simple, as others have said, and there isn't much to do on each page. My 2 year old got bored with it in a few minutes. The song is also sung to fast for her to sing along. Not worth 2.
White boxes instead of bus graphics Like the previous reviewer, I am disappointed and frustrated that the app displays white boxes where important graphics should be. Bought this for Android because my child enjoyed it on the iPad but this turned out to be  completely unusable and a waste of money
This app sucks. This app is no good for a young kid. You have to press little arows on corner of the screen to go to the next page there is smooth no transition. If you had their Itsy Bitsy spider app first, you will hate this one. Its just no good for babytoddler unless your gonna be holding and playing the app for them. Now on the other hand, their app called Itsy Bitsy Spider is AMAZING It makes my daughter laugh and is very detailed, unlike this one.
Fix please My kids love this app but lately it doesn't work.
Very basic, no depth, won't close Not impressed by this app,  animations are basic,  not much happens on each screen compared to other paid kids apps. The lyrics to the song are not the usual ones.  App has no way to close or exit,  have to force it to close from the task manager. Too short. Not even a swipe function to turn the page. Poor.
Unhappy Very unhappy. Downloaded the app and opened it and instead of graphics i got white boxes. Uninstalled and reinstalled  the app and still the same. Not good for a paid app.
Well designed but poorly implemented This now after months of use keeps on quiting with the message the android market cannot verify the license of this application. Contacted the developer, no support, no workarounds so far. Unusable.
Didn't work. But they refunded my money
Paid for and no download Says cannot download due to error...
DOA.  Won't launch. Bought and downloaded on my Droid tab.  Froze on first screen.  Hoping for refund.
Garbage Lame low quality garbage.
