It just crashes Not working on the Nexus 5, keeps crashing as soon as I start the tutorial mission. Running stock android 5.0.1
Great Game, artifacts on G4 The game itself is great, I love the XCOM series. However, the game has distinct visual artifacts all over the screens resembling blackbrown stripes which prevent you from seeing half your view.
Updated Was 5 stars This was five stars cause the port was great, however it no longer works at all. It can't get past the start screen video without crashing, so I can no longer play at all, which sucks as I was like 3 missions from the final assault. UPDATE Several months later and there is still no way to play the game. I can't play at all. If you download it, be prepared to never be able to play it.
To a 5 stars all the way to one.. Love it now hate it I spend 12.99 for just to be able to play to the second level after the first tutorial. Because the touch controller is very very poor...And ever time I right a comments or something never gets fix why is that We all received update for this app but just for android l or minor bug fixes anyway  can you guy fix this or my money would be in vine yours truly once again HTC ONE M8 ANDROID 4.4.4 
Fun when it works. Probably one of he best mobile games out there right now   and RTS period,  but it just can't seem to play for more than 2 minutes without needing to crash. A shame,  I was really liking this game.
Just love it Great game. Spent countless hours playing it on my phone 2nd gen moto x. Since the small screen was hurting my eyes, I decided to get a tablet for this sort of entertainment. App crashing on my tablet all the time. Annoying as hell... LG G Pad 8.3
I want to love this game I would happily love this game with five stars if I could get past the tutorial. I get to a point where no matter what I do, the game will not advance. So many turns into the second mission, it will note advance past my squaddie's action. I cannot move, act, or switch to another soldier. This is unacceptable in any game, never mind an expensive game from a major developer.
Great game But after the intro clip it closes itself, please fix this thanks or refund me as the game took longer than 15 mins to download and it don't even work..... 1 star
Fantastic game, but doesn't work for Galaxy Edge Titles says it all. They just don't make games like xcom anymore. This version is blissful. But if you have an edge  stay away. Game locks up on you.
Crash What I have seen looks beautiful. It crashes after I try to do anything after the tutorial. Because its supposedly not compatible with my device, despite the fact that I purchased it and downloaded it. Why would you let me purchase an app or game that's not compatible with my device Never again. As my first purchased game experience goes this has been terrible and I won't do it again.
Broken navigation makes it unplayable A missing return arrow prevents me from progressing past a mandatory barracks chore near the beginning, with no way to avoid the situation. I get stuck in the barracks. Discovered it too late to get a refund After reading other commenters, I suspect this game is SEVERELY DEVICEDEPENDENT.  Throw the dice if you feel lucky. I wasn't. Galaxy Note 5. Android 5.1.1
Keeps crashingnexus 5 Won't work for my nexus its shut down every time I've tried to play the first mission
