Sigh Ok for credit it works. Buuuuut my whole android completely froze up when playing the game. Small hit box for backspace and no options to lengthen the amount of tries for each guess. You need to sort out your bugs Mr. Developer . Any way for others reviewing this  it's just basic hang man.
Boring I personally have an above average vocabulary. Mostly due to my understanding of how words are put together. However, thus game is decent enough for practice on expanding your vocabulary. Other than that.....well it doesn't even seem to have the option for finding a random opponent. So unless you know others that play your stuck playing by yourself.
What No don't for the food categories why are the food so long and the animals aren't well known animals. Plus when their two player, if a player 1 get the word wrong player 2 should get a point. Why would you make if player 1 guessed incorrect the get that point. Does that make sense. You lose but you still get the point. I love hangman but this app makes me HATE it. Ughhh... on holiday don't describe the holidays say the holidays...
Not worth the trouble You can't even see the words.  How are we supposed to play if we can't see the words.   Not to mention it drew the body  saying I lost when there were no letters to choose from wacko
Awful Words are way too hard on the easy level. Most words I have never even heard of before
Always resets Pls fix..always resets to 0 wen u leave the app. Its tiring to start ur game all over again.. uninstall..
Learn how to spell before you make a word game  Indulgent not indolgent
Portrait mode only Entertaining, but having to hold in portrait mode to play, when my Nexus 10 stand is landscape, gets old fast. Would rate higher if it had landscape mode.
Racist game I hate to even give you a rating since the game is call hangman and the word niggling was used. And yes I understand one definition as being petty, especially when arguing, and  the other one as reference to a black person. Even you the creator knew this was wrong, because when you win it gives you a star and hooraying kid's and show the word, but it didn't when it came to this word....smh. This game sucks. Uninstalling
