Don't  work at all for samsung s5 Since I purchase itApp start but when I click any button, it's automatically shut down. Please fix itIf not..give my money back.
Do NOT buy for HTC One M8 As others have reported you cannot place towers on the bottom row of the screen which makes the game unplayable. Sadly the developer has known about this issue since at least March but chosen not to fix it
Fun Game, need hirez fix Fun game on a phone, but on the awesome Nexus 10 screen all touches map to the top half of the screen, and resizing the view fixes the map to the bottom right corner. Really disappointing.
I think I could dig it, but... Like a few others mentioned I have a hard time putting towers on the second to bottom row, and it's impossible on the very bottom row. I really love tower defense games and I can tell I'd like this one, but it's a real bummer to have that kind of inhibitor.  When this is fixed I'll change my rating.
Nexus 10 issues with calibration When playing on the N10 the touch is off. Placing towers they are inches above the touch. You cannot place them on the two bottom rows. Fix this to go back to 5 stars.
Is not playable I have note 3. I can not put any thing onto bottom row. Maybe screen is to big for it. Only app I have with this issue.  Pease fix as this is a paid app.
Wont start up Have a hard time getting the game to start up.  Have to go to app management and force stop and then go back and start it for it to work.  Plz fix for 5 stars
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Can't place towers on the very bottom of the map, because after I touch the tower it appears way to high above my finger on the screen and it is impossible to place it on the bottom.... Please fix it and if possible add a zoom in and zoom out option with 2 fingers...
Don't waste your money Tried the app on a friend's iPad, loved it. Went home to download it for my own personal use, app doesn't even work. I tried to reinstall, reboot, and last but not least contact customer service  all of which have had no response. Don't waste your money, it's not worth it.
Good game Bad bugs Good underlying game but bugs on my nexus 7 FHD making it very hard to play. Can't place towers on the bottom row and broken zoom. If this is fixed I will re rate.
Do not buy for LG STYLO Does not open the menue shows up but when you press play the screen goes black then it sent me back to the home screen
NEED HELP ASAP I have played this game for years since I first got an iPod touch. I have never had any issues with the app itself on any device, but now that I try to play in on my Samsung Galaxy S5, every time I hit Play it crashes and says Unfortunately, Fieldrunners has stopped working. Please get a fix to me asap so I can play, it worked on an iPod touch, iPhone 4, iPhone 4s, and other devices, but not the Galaxy S5.
Kicks me out Ive played this game before for other devices and i really like it... but for some reason, every time I'm in the home menu and press on any command button it kicks me out
Doesn't work anymore App starts but when I click any button automatically shuts down This happens since Lollipop
It's been a few month now and still  can't fix the zoom tower issues on the new smartphones I want my money backhow complicated can it be.....  Going from 5 to 1 star AND I WANT A REFUND
Sucks Game shuts down when I hit any button. Has been happening to all Samsung users. Maybe you should start refunding if your not going to fix the problem.
Game deletion So, I loved this game. Yet, it failed me. The engine crashed on my phone, and forced a reinstall. Upon reinstalling.. All saved data was deleted. Royally irritating me
Don't download App won't let you put towers on the bottom row. Makes two of the levels impossible to beat and the others more difficult. Please fix this. If not I want my 2 back
Row issues Can't place towers on bottom row which makes setting up a meaningful maze to stop the enemy impossible and basically makes the game impossible to beat. Used to be a great game when that worked but now is unplayable basically.
Note 4 beware Just downloaded on my note 4, press the play button and the app crashes every time, unistalled it then reinstalled it and it does the same, had the game on other phones and my ipad it's great, but unfortunately just wasted money buying this. Wonder if I will get my money back Hope so, but not holding my breath
Can't drag off screen When you play and try to drag the weapons on the screen it will not allow you to place weapons on the very bottom, making it impossible to create a maze for the field runners.
Epic fail on NOTE2....Once loved on iOS Don't buy if using Note2. I bought original FR and FR2 on iOS and purchased now on Android. I am a huge supporter but the rating reflects how poorly the android version is.   1. Cannot insert in the lowest row. This makes it unplayable.  2. Double speed animation isn't fluid. Really an eyesore  Fix and will rerate.
Fatal issue on nexus 10 On my nexus 10 the game screen shrinks to 14 size when I move a piece to the bottom of the screen. The game still runs. But placing pieces is difficult from then on.
