Lag Needs performance improvements. Too much lag, and it does make the game difficultpractically unplayable
Difficult to play There is a 2 second delay of you singing, not just for the phone but also for the camera and a headset.
Feedback with two mics makes this unusable What a waste of money buying songs on PSN to sing using this app. If you have two mics the feedback is horrendous because of the sensitivity. If you have one mic, it still picks up the TV unless you are a fair way away. No troubleshooting or acknowledgement of this issue. Very poor form from Sony.
Dont work Both fone and ps4 on the same network but will not find it but works on my tab which is not ideal z3 compact
It doesn't work if your ps4 is connected via ethernet. Maybe that should be fixed because you get a hell of a lot better connection that way. I shouldn't have to connect it to wifi to make one game work.
FIX YOUR SHIET First downloaded and it connected in seconds. Now it keeps saying no games found when both tablet and system connected to same network. This is a load of crap and this BS needs to be fixed already because its been f'n months since this bull has been happening
There is a very noticable lag. The ps3 and the phone are on the same network and the ps3 is plugged into the router through ethernet, and all other wifi devices have been switched off.   I use an iphone 6  an Oneplus One and have 100 mbps internet. I would like to knwo where I can buy the actual mics from. This is a horrible experience and we do not enjoy the game at all.
Not working when downloaded My sister plays this game not me. I just came from downloading it now and it says singstar mic has stopped.                                    It makes her ANGRY
Did not work OnePlus One. WiFi on, ps3 on same network, game running. App could not locate game. Android 5.0.2, Cyanogen 12.0
Just doesn't work Followed instructions to the tea Just didn't work....deleted and bought the proper thing.
Crashes Crashes a lot on every phone I've tried after updating to Android 5. Currently trying on a nexus 5 and on a nexus 4 that used to run it smoothly on Android 4
Doesn't work on my Samsung
Atrocious app to go with a bad game Loads of lag make the microphones terrible in use. The actual singstar game is disappointing, not playing as well as lips and a poor music catalogue.  Singstar for ps3 looks like it has a far bigger selection.
Crashed very frequently, several times per song on Nexus 5.
Crashes The app crashes constantly. Having to pause and reconnect the app half a dozen times per song is extremely frustrating.
Sucks When you sing the words reach the tv like hours after you have sung themWaste of time don't downloadIt will need A LOT of improvement before it will satisfy people
Mic feedback is terrible. Add mic volume control please. Im gonna have to return game now cause its useless
IDK It takes for ever my connection is connected but iy says its NOTSO
Is this q mic to talk to other peiple when you are pkaying a game on the ps3
Feedback and lags The mic idea for the phone is great but with the feedback and lagging of voice recognition makes the game unplayable
Lag Fix fken delay even im stick to the router still fken delay
Too much delay Way too much delay and echos. Not impressed.
