Won't work on my phone Recently stopped working on my phone. For some reason  it says it cant reach the server... Not just the app.  Even when I go out of my way to just go to the website on chrome. Nice to know I'm paying for nothing... Time to switch services I guess
I'm sorry I was forced to remove the Netflix app because TV showsmovies were no longer playing because of error codes. I am sad to say I will not down load this app until improvements are made. PS thanks for the work so far.
Constantly getting error message I've done everything I can possibly do to get it to play and it will not work anymore I was in the middle of watching something. please fix this asap or I will have to cancel my account.
Galaxy S4 I can log in and see the profiles to choose from but as soon as I choose my profile it goes black for about a minute and then exits and returns to my phones he screen. I watch Netflix from my phone a lot so please fix it When you do I'll bump it to a 5 star
Not working Was using the app just fine last week but this week, nothing. It appears even their website might be down. What's going on
ERROR Won't play anything, saying I should restart my device and try again, it's not the first time this has happened I won't be bothered with it so I'll delete it and use my computer instead. Currently using a Samsung Galaxy s5.
Not Working, I am not happy I have a galaxy note 5 keep get a error about connection but on my galaxy 5 it worked. REALLY
Frozen on nexus 7 2013 with marshmellow Issues on android 6, fix them, until then 1 score. Still have issues on new version
Doesn't work Used to work great... but out of nowhere it crashes everytime from my tablet and phone. I open it just to have it immediately close. Very frustrated customer,  I am paying for a service that I am not getting. False advertising and they will lose my membership if Netflix does not fix.
Can't Load Data It keeps repeatedly stating that it cannot load data. Why is it doing that Can you fix it Can you help trouble shoot
What is going on My netflix keeps signing me out. I try to log in and just loads forever it's been a week. So I uninstalled it and it worked. Went to watch again and doing the same thing I'm not going to reinstall everytime
Since latest update, app has slowed down tremendously. It used to open up automatically, now it takes approximately 5 minutes before it finishes loading and I can actually browse.
Must Read Yall need to put more shows and movies on. Some that everyone likes. Add ... One piece into it , it's not fking letting me on, not working
Stopped working Not working on galaxy s6. Video just continues to load, but nothing ever comes up.
Can't watch at all I work three nites a week for 12 hours each. I love watching Netflix but the past few days the app is not working at all. Keeps getting an account error code. Reset my phone and uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times and still nothing. Now the site online isn't working. Please fix this.
When you first open the app everything loads perfectly, but when you press on the show you would like to watch it will absolutely not load maybe it's just my phone but every other app on my phone is working perfectly fine
Suddenly not working I had a Samsung mega and netflix worked fine got a galaxy s4 and now it's not working showing netflix error 12 connected to megas hotspot and it worked so read that since I have android 4.3 it's not connecting...I upgraded my account with netflix so my family can watch in 4 different devices and I myself can't enjoy the service on my cell phone is netflix going to refund me on the time I'm missing or will I have to cancel my account figure it out please
Stuck on loading screen. After I select and episode to watch, it never gets past the loading screen. Please fix
Not working s6 For the past 4 days i havent been able to watch anything on netflix on my phone. Have waited patiently but hey why wait more I pay my monthly fees for the past 2 years none stop are you going to refund me these days i havent been able to watch movies Dont think so Fix this asap or ill just have to cancel sub. Popcorn time has all your shows anyways and more. Plus its free Its been 1 month now and Netflix has done crap Wth
I haven't been able to use Netflix on my droid maxx for over a week now... The app doesn't even start, it just closes and says it has stopped working Very disappointed, please fix, otherwise I'm wasting my money...
What happened So I love the service of Netflix, but what I dont like is that all of a sudden the app decides that it doesn't want to work anymore. So its getting frustrating.                                                   Updated This app now does not work at all, and when i finally got it to work, it logs me out and ive been sitting with a Signing in symbol for 20 dang minutes and nothing happens still. Im tired of this.
