Warning Do Not Update Update makes game awful.  I loved the game and gave it 5 stars but now would give it 0 if possible.   Used to have options for game determine if you want game harder or easier, etc. No longer worth it
Don't update game I loved the old skipbo with the leader board.  This is almost the same but definitely do not enjoy it as much as I did the old one.  Wish they would undo the update
Update 1 Skipbo isn't as fun as it used to be. I used to play against my husband and friends on the leaderboard and they took that option away. I wish they would take it back to the way it was Update updated my Google pad last night with the newest 5.02 version and now my Skipbo won't work. I hope they will update the app so it will work with the newest version soon Love playing against my Facebook friends Great application
Great game but had to pay twice I purchased this game over a year ago but recently after an update the game would freeze and shut down every time I tried to open it so I had to uninstall it. I was finally able to find it in the play store again and the free version had way too many ads so I had to pay for the app again. Not impressed.
Blah Updated before I had the chance to enjoy any of the features like changing the level of difficulty. It's pretty boring to win all the time with the larger stacks and near impossible to win with only 5 or 10 cards. Two bucks. Guess I got what I paid for.
Game in solo is good. In multi player, it is wretched Cannot play live feeds against anyone. You have to exit to the lobby every time you end a turn and it still will not let you know if it is your turn. You have to exit the application a lot to see if it is your turn yet. These bugs are very annoying and make you want to crush your phone over the developer s head s. FIX THE BUGS
Crashes Multiplayer mode crashes as soon as you go to play. Installed on my S6 Edge. Disappointed as I love the card game. I need a refund
Don't like update I don't like update since it does not keep score any longer. When I paid for it it kept score. Also it does not have difficulty levels as clear as before the update . Please bring back the original game I paid for
Too many screens The user interface just got way worse. In order to start a game it is necessary to navigate five screens Every time
It's kind of boring... As a paid app I was hoping I'd be able to challenge myself by changing the difficulty. I see in the comments that you used to be able to do that... I'm disappointed to know I missed out on that... please bring it back it's killing your rating.
Horrible horrible update A few days ago this would have been a 5 star review,  now I'm going to uninstall. Not worth my time now. Used to spend hours playing this,  now i can't stand 1 game in solo mode. Great work at ruining the app
Terrible update I sent numerous emails for help and support and never got a response. I paid for the app but after the update it's back to the original free version. Very disappointed
Update sucks I loved the fact that we had a high score board and could choose a difficulty. Now there is no score, or score board which makes it feel like im just wasting time rather than trying to beat my old score. Please change it back to what i paid for
I paid for it but haven't been able to use it I've asked them to fix it and now several months later I'm giving up and uninstalling it. I like the paid version over the free version,but not if I cannot play the dang game due to glitches I'll never buy it again
Solo plays good but when you against someone in a host game it stops working multiple times during the game which makes it very annoying...fix that I'll give a better rating
Much better before update I used to love this game. Now it's so watered down it's barely worth playing .
FuIn awful crashes Crashes every time it's open when it's open..acts like it's going to work then it crashes again tricked u Get this fixxxxxxxxxxed horrible one thing about Apple their paid apps they make sure they are up to par unlike Google apps people pay to play let's make sure they are able to play so frikin frustrating
