Lost my Character Spent over 50 dollars on this game had to Uninstall and Reinstall my game bc it would not load and now my character is not their when I start up. Please help.
Cant enter the game Game wont load, froze on the start screen. It say request fails or something. Booo....
Connecting Google play account Ever since this new update I can't link my Google account to the game, which is extremely irritating since I have a lvl 83 paladin with orange gear and decent lvl fae. I'm not going to regrind for everything again. Shouldn't have a massive problem like this.
Game is fine but has issues The game startup times became unbearable after some update about half a year ago, now it's getting worse every single time even on note 3... Manages to crash at startup too and now even worse it just says Request fails at startup screen. Also had isues with memory leaks, sometimes starts to lag horribly after 10 minutes of gameplay, only restart helps...
Update fail Ever since this new update i keep getting request fails  fix this asap i have given over 2 grand to you guys make my money count
Cant play with my old account to another device...help pls.. character name....Rayleigh... server 32 . Paladin 800k battle power.. help me pls..get back my character
complex server choice issue good game, but confusing server choice. servers will be integrated once in a while, and your avatar can be lost in the integration process. also, this is not explained when you start this game. i couldn't find any info about this in help. i recommend players not to spend too much money in this game since you may lose all of your progress
Constant lag Constant lag and game has issues acknowledging commands. Pretty weak.
IGG lost acount I try to find my acount at al sever but did have any of it pls fix this i spend money on this game.
To many problems after updates. Every other update I would lose my character and have to go through a lot of crap to get it back or create a new character and lose any money used on the other characters.
Request fail What make this thing fails at something at starting screen
1 star because the switch account does not working kindly fix it please
Couldn't sign in Why my google account is bound overwhy always that
Request failed Now the game sucks even more
Wtf Lvl 30 back 2 lvl 0 ill i will rate 5 if u back my lvl .m zzzz games
