Suck why do you have to use your finger to go the direction that you wanna go and what's up with the money thing not every one is rich and level 16 at a 250 game with a elcrtic ball you suck to go agasint a level 7 and blow the out what the hell
WHERES MY MONEY FOR LIKING ON FACEBOOK Also just to play online I woulda had to buy mp once I ran out of achievements to accomplish besides win a game at the park nighttime. That's why I uninstalled this app. I was basically stuck playing offline if I didn't pay cash. Offer more ways to win mp offline and I would consider reinstalling.
Big time bug Need to fix having real issue. Eveytime I exit comes back and my mp decreased and my name would be someone else. Also everything would be unlocked but no mp to play wtf. Need to fix this bss
I know you're striving to improve.. So how about making a fair game where you can actually succeed without paying  Clearly, the more money you spend, the better your results.  Make a paid version and I'd pay, because the game is otherwise decent, but not if you care about improving or winning without paying extra.  Spare me the strive for higher ratings response please.
So disappointed At first I almost want to give the highest star to your app but as I play the online section wtf is going on Even the other opponent not shooting the ring or even the ball just pass through or touch the ring still have a score A high score  Damn Its not good... Very disappointed... Its not fair... Impossible to win in this game... Better to uninstall this...
BUNK This game sucks...it lags and half of the mtherfckers CHEAT...I don't care what any of these lames say about it being a good game...Do Not waste your time on this bush league crap
I like the graphics and everything but for one,you cannot get any mp once you cant unlock the trophies.like in my problem it says trophies unlock when you get 30 caps.how am I suppose to open it when I need 5 baskets in night court to open the 30th capthinking that I dont have any mp left.so there's no other choice but to buy mp.haha
BS You should fix this game. I play people with a way higher level and even when they miss they're still getting points. This is stupid Why is their no female characters
