Joanne Well did all the trainning.dont want to kep doing the same stuff all over again. waiting  for the comming soon now for over a month .If it does get here soon I guess it will be time to trash the game. So it was a 4 at first now I rate it a 1.
Huh First I like it and then I told my sister to download it an she cannot see his ninjacharacter only his eyes pls fix....
No ninja I can't see the ninja only his eyes please help I've played it before on a older tablet and it worked just fine. I'll rate 5 stars when fixed
laggy i played this game with 2 devices.. when i play it in my xiaomi redmi 1s it doesn't lag att all. but when i play it with my other phone xiaomi redmi note 2,the game is laggy. so confuse coz my redmi note 2 have a higher spec if compare with the redmi 1s. any idea
Cute but..... I don't have a twitter account,  that social media is for dumb twits who ain't got nothing better to do. SO FIX THIS BULLCRAP...IT'S VERY DUMB TO FORCE PEOPLE TO HAVE SOCIAL MEDIA ACCOUNTS
Rubish This so called brill game won't even let me play its when I tap the app it says unfortunately this game won't work. I've tried all that I can but it still won't work,I've even seen if it needs an update but it doesn't. So the game is finish. I really want to play this as well. I hope you help me,tell me what to do.
REALLY I WAIST 5 freakin hours and the dumb app won't work,it's a WAIST of time and energy,it's just rediculous,in till u people fix this app I'll give 5 stars other than that ur done
Very bad game The game has bugs achievements do not work properly, the ninja is so clumsy sometimes that it becomes annoying not fun... and it is not finished. After spending a lot of time mastering all training items and getting all worked up to see what happens and the storyline advance you get a very irritating message saying coming soon...
Server error Just tried to submit a review. Now it's 1 star, was 2. Since the ghost upgrade my ninja moves so quickly it's like playing a different game  This needs to be fixed  I love this game but it's unplayable right now. When this problem is corrected I'll rate it 5 stars.
WHAT THE HECK IT STILL DOES NOT LET ME PLAY UGH I HATE THIS GAME I WILL RATE 5  IF THIS GAME IS FIXED
SLOW, SLOW, SLOW Undo update adding the Halloween crap It took a fast game to a game played at the speed of molasses I'm on level 46, but unless a fix is made soon, it will be my last level I so loved to play with this cute clumsy ninja Pease have your clumsy programmers speed up this app
