Too many stops Every time I play it it stops 5 seconds after I start the game. I even reinstalled it 5 times. I have a galaxy tab a I think. Works on computer but not tablet  and BTW seif elwhatever the elemental masters is a season 4 thing and it's a Fricking season 3 game and seif 6 words. BUY. THE. FREAKING. LEGO. NINJA GO.  DVDS. IT'LL MAKE SENSE
Would not open After I down loaded this app.  I pressed the Lego app and it wouldn't open.  I have Galaxy III phone.  Very sad.  I'm a big fan of Lego.  Uninstalled
It was supposed to be compatible but it never worked, screen went dark and ... nothing After a few tries it was clear that it would not work, so I cleared everything and uninstalled it.
This 'bugs' me Ninjago Rebooted Yeah, right More like reBOOted I loved the game until th stupid thing wouldn't open anymore Needs more season 3 characters like P.I.X.A.L., Sensei Garmadon, and TechWu. Also more levels please. PLEASE FUX THE BUG
Borin Needs more levels characters and is alright if you want to waist time
Stops working The game stops working every time, about 2 minutes after launching. Doesn't matter what mode, it just freezes and crashes with rebooted has stopped working.  My son really wanted to play this.
Not  very good Every time I play on this game it allways  froze even if I install it again.
Im a fan of ninjago but I hate this game I could load it up but it did not let me  play it and I've got a sansome galexy tabelt 3
This is the worst game I have ever played every time I go init I press the app  and I go in but it kicks me out.
It's good but makes u rage This game is very addicting but when ur near the end u suddenly just fall and have to restart
Hhjhhfcd cbhhbfvfv v vvf fbh b. Tbg vggnnvf fvhmk,kkih. N nhnumk,i9bj ,ol9lmb gvf gnc k8 hbg the hybbybbg yyuh6uu hhyy6yh77g yh7 the same time. I have a 7 the same time. I have a parent or a loved one 7 the 7 the same 6 66 the same. I am not a 3rd 3 333gyhytgbgbyqh a
Do not make this game Always HANGS whenever my son opens this GAME. SOOOOOOOOOO  bad game.I  have motorola 2nd generation.
DOESNT WORK every time i open it it just goes dark then like 1 second later it closes
Same same as him I have a galaxy Samsung lll it did not work if you can fix it I might give it a 5
I not really into it because there's not that much fighting bad guys
