Fake I want my money back. The game does not open and give me massage  not licensed game
Wedding dash deluxe Game freezes all the time please fix it. I bought the deluxe and can't even play
I want all my money back I tried to play this game today in a message pop up and said it was an unlicense wedding dash error. Wth
Wanting a refund I have left reviews and complaints. I paid for every revenue but all I can play is the first one over and over again. Its ridiculous. This USED to be one of my favorite games. I DEMAND A REFUND RIP OFF ARTISTS.
Wedding Dash Deluxe I want my money back.  The game froze on the first level
NEED A REFUND OR FIX IT. IT KEEPS SAYING UNLICENSE VERSION OF WEdDING DASH DELUX PLEASE FIX OR GIVE ME A REFUND
Why i can't play I have already paid and it's asking more money that's not rite i have downloaded this game alot still tha same thing and hotel dash to .good game but a ripe off on goole play.Now dnt get me wrong it's a good game have these games on everything else and they are great.
Unlicensed error My daughters favourite game but all day we have been getting the unlicensed error message everytime we turn it on why  Really want to keep this game as it is her absolute fav we have had it for nearly a year so I don't understand the issue. Also having the same issue with cooking dash. Is this just a playfirst problem as other apps are working fine. Please help
I should have stuck with the free version I can't even get past the first stage. I uninstalled and reinstalled this game and restarted my phone but the game still freezes. If I have the option to give 5 stars, I will. I've checked the other negative reviews left by other players and most of their issue is about the game freezing one comment was posted almost a year ago. It's surprising  that the developer has not addressed this.
Freezes all the time I love the whole Dash series. So much in fact, that Wedding Dash Deluxe is the only game I've ever paid for. Unfortuantely, I haven't been able to get past level 2 because every time I try to play, the game freezes. Please fix this issue and I will happily change to five stars Love your games 
Freezes up When you pay money for a game, it should work Free games work better than games you spend your hard working money on Plus you only get a few stages and they want more money to keep on playing. I finally reached expert scoring, on a stage I was having a hard time on, and it freezes up Which I have to close the app completely and start over. Waste of money Stick to free games
This game is crap. 2 dollars for one level. I'm not gonna pay between 2 and 6 dollars to play another freaking level. Are you kidding me
Crap crap crap Played the demo and liked it so I bought the delux.. uhm no the delux freezes like no tomorrow I keep having to redo levels because ethereal game freezes half way through the game It's crap. I want my money back The freezing needs to stop You don't pay for a game you can't play do you I recommend not buying this it's a super fun game when it works... but to get it to work you will end up throwing your phone and costing you more then 1.99... bad bad bad
If I Could Get My Money, Please I paid for this game, but I can't play past the first venue. I want my money back, and I want it back now And if you haven't noticed, I'm not the only one revolted by this lack of consumer service. Give us all our money back
Want my money back I have paid for it and it keeps crashing and freezing in middle of the game.... And I have to start from the first level all over again 
Eh Glitchy and to repetitive it gets boring after awhile. Now emilys taste of fame and sequels are great. Never gets boring.
Buyer beware Game will NOT work and there will be no resolution offered from the company. Refund would be great since game will not work.
