Will not save Since the last update every time I play then leave the app when I come back I'm at the exact same spot loosing all points, tokens and companions I've won. HAVE STOPPED PLAYING IT FOR AROUND 3 MONTHS NOW
Not good I would give half a star  since the updated it never loads when it gets to the second loading it just freezes then says it isn't respondin please fix
I would have given this rven 1 star but thats the only way i can text any way this new version is total crap cant even play one game because it not loadin what the hell please fix this
Uno and  friends Even with the update...I'm still stuck on daily rewards on day 15. This has been doing that for over two weeks.
Doesn't start. I have internet connection. game doesn't starts and shows error that TRY AGAIN and if i try to quit game show error You cannot go back at this stage. WTF is this
IS THIS GAME FOR RICH PEOPLE ONLY you cant even play this game if u don't have tokens and u have to be V.I.P member to unlock many features.So dear Gameloft next time just mention this things so we won't even bother downloading this games
Stupid I love uno, but this game is so stupid. If I can't keep playing then why even bother getting this game. I want to play again, but I don't have enough tokens. So to anyone that's reading this, save yourself some trouble and don't download this app.
Game is not starting When I start the game it shows having trouble  connecting,please be patient. I have stable internet connection but from past one week I am facing this problem. I even tried reinstalling but still the problem persist. Requesting UNO team to help me out. Otherwise game deserves 5 star.
I'm loosing plays without even playing, freezing in the middle of a game just to name a few. Needs to be fixed majorly
You Have To Be Kidding Me This game has done this 3 time It tells me the game has disconnected when I have perfect WiFi The worse part is that it doesn't give you pack the tokens I hate this game sometimes
It worked fine at first when I downloaded it. Now, ads constantly pop up and the game freezes. I don't get the frequent scratches anymore for the tokens. Also, my progress doesn't save any more. I am so close to getting rid of the app if this doesn't get fix. I constantly get stuck on the same screen and have to force it close.
Damn Frustrating With a game costing 20 tokens there should be no glitches at all. Instead of being able to discard a card it gives me a card that I don't need. How can a person win Please fix as 20 tokens is a lot to lose because of stupid glitches.
Can't use my official account I was so addicted at UNO and gained my level. But I was so busy and and uninstall it. But when I reinstall it my accountlevel  was back to zero. Pls fix my account. My account is link at my Facebook account
I don't like as much any more I agree with Various bring a can of raid for bugs This game cheats and now can't give or receive gifts. Don't care for your upgrade its a down grade I'll never put money on this game Its not fun really upset And above Gary not various bring a can of raid really fits  Wel its a little bit better still got some bugs but its getting better thank you I hope it stays OK I really like playing this game
Unable to connect to the server for the last couple of days All my other apps work perfectly. Wasted 5 in this game and I'm unable to play it. Never again will I waste my money in games done by this publisher.
This used to be my fabourite game It still hoes back to level 7 even after i have reached level 30...this new update is a disaster...itcsux
Upset. I just won a tournament and won 36 tokens. I cut the game off afterwards and decided to play again about an hour later and realized all my coins was taken Why This is the second time this has happened.
Why Why are my bats not adding up, this is ridiculous I'm seriously losing the will to play this hame and my advice is to go and get the cards from the shop people coz this game is really not worth playing 
This app used to be so much better. You could change the rules you played by. It was a lot simpler too now it's them just trying to make more money. You could play as much as you wanted without having to use the tokens or whatever they call it. Also way to slow the actions and all are way too slow way easier to just play a game irl.
I just installed the game It doesn't stop suggesting me to rate the game. For that reason I rate 1 star. Probably this will change if they let me play without showing stupid messages.
Pathetic Suddenly after reaching level 64 it's again restarting from level 1 sad...... Can u help  I so effin hate u all I reach at level 18 and here u go again throw me at level 5 sorry boss u need to seriously do something about it. Uninstalling it folks beware heads up to u
Sometimes it doesn't give you the reward for winning a tournament game and it always slows down and then you get kicked out. I've had to uninstall and reinstall this game so many times its not even funny
