This game cheats so freaking much. This game got 9 Blackjack's in a row, the continued to bet me 40 hands in a row. Even in real life the odds of this happening are unheardof. If I could give it less stars I would
Fixed game. Rip off Don't waste your money buying chips. After playing for a while I discovered you will only win 13 of the time. The dealer gets more blackjacks than possible. 80 of your double downs on 91011 you will get a low card. Its fun to play with free chips. You have a better chance of hitting the lotto twice in a month then winning on this game. It is totally fixed.
Slots I sooo prefer the last version. I'm no longer receiving my big bonus every 5 times. Ugh
Wayy too many ads I was getting ads every 3 hands... also, no statistics. I wanted to know my winloss ratio. Overal meh app but the ads made me hate it
Cheating game Marco Chavez said it correctly, this is a cheating game. I played more than 30 hands on 50 or below bet won roughly 2022 hands. As soon as I went up to a 500 bet the dealer got blackjack or 21 five times in a row while either beating my hand or pushing around 9 of 13 hands
Spammy... I like the game but the spam constantly popping up is placed in such a way that you will link to it when you try to deal after a hand.  I really don't appreciate that.  Constant annoying messages offering in app purchases are also unprofessional.   I'm removing it for now.
Do not play, waste of time unless on an Apple device One of the worst games I've played on an Android device.  Nothing has gotten better with support.  House is pulling 19, 20, 21 at impossible rate.  To the point it's questionable if it's truly random.  Bonus is awful, pulling 200 every 4 hours.   When on Apple device it's close to 1000.   Also stuck in a club with no option to change, very terrible when it's a club that only 12 people play.
Steals credits,  not enough credits ever won, biggest waste of time, plus way to many adds TITLE SAYS IT ALL, JUST A WASTE OF MONEY,  TIME NO ONE SHOULD EVER, HAVE TO WASTE THERE HARD EARNED MONEY ON ANY GAME FOR ANY ANDROID, OR LAPTOP, ETC THERES TO MANY FREE GAMES WITH FREE CREDITS, THAT YOU NEVER HAVE TO PAY FOR, DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE, SAVE YOUR MONEY, BUY A CAR OR A HOUSE, GET A CLUE PEACE
Horrible game This game is a cheat. Never thought it was possible for the dealer to get 14 black Jacks in a row. I feel like they're trying to wheel me into buying chips to continue gaming with these scammers. Sorry, but I'm not falling for tricks Devil
Took my money I was saving money to play and when I went to play balance was at 0.  I'm uninstalling this game.  Just glad I didn't buy credits.
Turner New update is horrible  The sign on bonus disappears and does not stay in the bank. Next log on it is back where it started.  I have lost over 20k in sign on bonuses  Use to be a great game. Now the tap limit is ridiculous
Don't waste your time Doesn't even give enough credits to play  how could you ever win
I wrote before that I liked this game but hated the popup advertisements every ten to twelve hands and there was no excuse for this many advertisements. I read many other reviews with the same complaints. Since my negative review now the popups are every 4 hands. Thanks for the easy decision to delete this game. I wish you would listen to your customers.
Update  Garbage You decide to take out the tapping feature, but not update what needs updating.. alliances... gameplay.. slots.. many things need updating.. except the only thing u did do is break the login.. so that u can only get 1 login tap option once every 8 HOURSunlimited tap for money is the only reason this beats other apps now this app is garbage I don't recommend wasting your time..
Clearly Cheating I'll win big, then lose big. Then that pattern will repeat. Perfect example is I have hit Blackjack 2 or three times in a row then later in the same game the same will happen to the dealer. The odds of that in real life are nearly impossible. And this has happened several times.
Adds Was good BJ game.now adds,videos pop ,drives player crazy..thanks for your reply the same day.
Hate the update It doesn't let me keep the bonuses anymore. I hit collect but it doesn't add it to my chips 
i love to play this game but since you updated it , we could just tap it for every 8 hrs. we cant have a free chips. and now i hate this .
