It crashes since update You cannot play anymore, it says no internet connection and then it just closes. 
NOT WORKING Is was working and now it is telling me no Internet connection when I have it for other apps. Grr very upsetting cause I wanted to play it with my son.
Can't open this app It  says I don't have a network available. I was hoping to play this game with my family after our  Thanksgiving dinner. Very disappointed. Please fix
Love Game I have tried to install this game twice and it doesn't work. Somebody need to fix it. It let you pick a category then you place it on your forehead and nothing happen.
Can't play anymore Used to play with the kids and now it tells me to find a data connection.  It's connected to WiFi and I've tried to reinstall and it still won't let me play.  Hopefully it will work with a tablet
Won't rotate When it works it's fun. Rotation sensing the only way to start a round doesn't work 80 of the time and is more frustrating than it's worth. Why not just allow the user to click to start playing the round
No network I just downloaded the app and it keeps saying that i have no network connection. I can have my WiFi and my data on and it still says I have no network. I can't even get past the heads up logo after opening the app. I even tried to just use WiFi and just use data and it still didn't work. Please fix
Game Does not work The game no longer works. I have paid for several games. If it does not work within a week, I want a full refund.
Doesn't work When I get the answer right it won't change if tried turning the phone all ways Pls help and fix
Won't work Games says that it can't find a network and closes ever since updating it.
Horrible I downloaded it and I have full bar Internet and it won't let me play cause it claims that I have no internet
Crashes I loved the game and now cannot get on it, it says no network and closes it sucks
Can't get data I just downloaded it for the second time hoping that it well work, but it keeps saying that its not connected to the internet, even though it is clearly connected online
LG G4 Doesn't work It won't update.
It keeps crashing I just downloaded this, and I'm just browsing through the decks and it keeps crashing. It consistently keeps crashing about every 20 seconds
crashes Game won't open. It has only worked once. Issues updating game data check internet connection. I'm connected. Deleted and re installed. Still doesn't work. Was looking forward to playing the game with my family....
Wont work Does not work for me. Keeps saying no network found and i have service and wifi on top of that. And I've uninstalled it and reinstalled it a few times and nothing.
Never got to use Just installed for first time but says no internet connection. All reviews have same problem. Never got to try it
Love this game but..... Older versions worked fine when I first got this phone but the last couple updates I did now it just crashes and goes back to home screen. Please fix this because I miss playing this game
I loved this The new update makes it so I can't play
Crashes I swear this is a 5  game when it works. I love it it's so much fun when you have a gathering of people playing. But after the update it keeps saying my Internet is messed up. I've reinstalled and restarted my phone. . Please fix ASAP so I can give it back the 5 stars
