New dpad sucks I've loved this game since I was a boy with a nintendo and a 10 inch black and white tv. I am now showing my older daughter the game, and we're having a terrible time with the controls Please, Square, change the dpad back, make it like FF III
Wtf update D pad is wayyyyy too big why change it, square Enix has no idea what they're customers want
Final fantasy Do not buy any final fatasy games. Believe me I have bought them all. They all have stickable controls when you buy them but once you buy them they take the stick controls of with the first update then the games are unplayable. You have been warned
New controls suck I am a huge ff fan and love all the games. I download this game a while ago and it was fine. I started playing it again today and I cannot control the player. The directional buttons are difficult to use and don't always respond. It takes a lot of effort to just walk into a building. I will no longer play this game until it is fixed.
New update ruins controls I love this game, but the new controls are obtrusive and difficult to use.  I would have much preferred they would update with the soul of chaos dungeon like the IOS version.
Horrible D pad Played a lot of hours on this so far and it was great.  Now with the new directional pad, it's very hard to continue playing.  I want to complete the game, but about to give up because the new pad is so awful to play with.  please change back.
Quick and dirty... Sqenix has brought nothing but shoddy ports to Android as of late... I honestly PREFER to play the games through buggy emulator's, how sad is that Huge black boarders, cant adjust control position or transparency... 5, 7, 10. I know its just greed that brings them here, otherwise I would beg Square Enix to stop ABUSING classics with crappy ports... also, new DPad controls SUCK so bad its unplayable back to emulators.
DONT UPDATE New update removes the fixed dpad and introduces a new dpad thats hidden and only shows up when touching the bottom left of the screen. Its laggy, HUGE, and really glitchy... Why Why why Why would you FORCE people to use different controls all of a sudden Add an option, great, but dont FORCE us to use different controls Awful   Overall, awesome game, but a mediocre appport unfortunately... I recommend a psp emulator and the anniversary edition for psp
Love it Hate the new Dpad As a very old school FF fan, I've beaten this game plenty of times across numerous consoles and I have to say I am very surprised with how well this port was done.  I've always had actual controllers to play this game with and was worried about just having the touchscreen to utilize but it has been implemented perfectly  No glitches or any problems.  Love it EDIT The new Dpad is horrendous.  Will not be playing until it is changed back.
The new dpad is aweful It is so hard to control with the new pad, so much that making the game feel unbearable to play. I hope that it will be fox one day
Fix the world map bug Just downloaded and the dpad is difficult to use, yes, but worse than that, the world map will not come up. I can't get to it at all, resulting in pointless time wandering around trying to figure out where my party needs to go. This is ridiculous and a waste of time and money. Thanks for the severe lack of effort, guys. Get this crap updated or you're going to lose a lot of fans.
