It wont let me onto my rovio account please fix this glitch , P.S. now whenever i try to get on the game crashes
Not working since the last update, black screen during battles, otherwise the game is nice, balanced and you can do everything in the game without paying for those who want to know
No set items I am trying to get set item when golden pig is in riot mode for 5 times higher chances, and I keep on getting same set item again and again. I have waisted thousand's of golden coin and never got set items apart from one or two and those are repeating.
Relly This 2 stars are for the update for the old game i give 5 stars.if i want to go to the cinema or at a fightnot all fightsthe screen is black
Sucks This game was awesome. Loved playing. My kids enjoyed it. But after recent update game is horrible. It's unplayable. Freezes all the time. 7 times in one 10 minutes is unacceptable. Eveytime it freezes it I have to force close it and restart the app. I will be Uninstalling this and all Rovio products. There are millions of apps avalible and with the competition on the market it's unheard of to keep an app that doesn't work sufficiently
The game was great before, after this new updates, its crap. It chrashes, at least in player vs player arena, also you need to fix players you are playing against  its always 150300 points higher players. There is no point any more. Uninstall.
Keep Crashing my game In the Update why does it say bux fixing andWhenever i go somewhere elea and back to the app it says unfortunately epic has stopped and its bothering me and this didnt even happen when i downloaded it in the first place
Epic Rebooted  after latest update.  Now arena creates impossible matches.  Im done.   If you like yoyo algorithms,  this game is great.  The prize wheel is also rigged.
Kicks you during important battles When you recieve a phone call, you lose any fight you were in. During events this is frustrating due to the loss of stamina. You have to wait until it refills to try the same fight, and if you get a phone call you will lose your progress again.
crash all the time. now this is nothing more than ask money because only the richest would win PvP. very close to uninstall. anther huge problem with this you better pray no one calls your phone well you are in doesn't matter what you are doing. 'cos phone rings crash the game 100. means you lost what ever battle or rewards at the moment of crash. also you have to deal with cheaters. you can see someone win 6 digit points in one day. how is that possible
Crashes constantly Crashes everytime I'm finishing a daily battle super frustrating after using all my options and pepper pies
There is a glitch, when I was playing in  the arena, there was an objective to ' win 2 arena battles in the enemies' turn '. I won 3 of them in enemies' turn yet it showed none. It has happened more than once.
My Daily Rewards for November reset itself back to day 1. I have done it every day this month and now I have to start over and miss out on everything from day 18 on up. I got screwed out of 50 gold coins because of this. This game is too glitchy. You owe me the rest of this months prizes Rovio...
Crush Birds Epic I am playing it since a few months. It has crashed many times. It is more likely to crash when you fight long waves. It wastes lots of potions for nothing. There is no save on battles. Crash always mean losing the battle. It is very disturbing. I waited better than this from Rovio.
Unfair Why is this new update cheating keep freezin when i get close to beating the Raiding Party. How they gone use the pepper twice in one turn and why they always gotta be stronger than me my birds level 9 they level 11 12. Why Every time I spend the wheel I get the lowest thing on there.
New Update SUCKS I cant even get on the game now, it keeps saying I have no internet. Any times it doesnt, it just freezes. If your going to make a game, make it to where everyone can play it...
Too Many Bugs Use to be fun Now every time I go in to battle, especially in the Caves It stops. Then you have to wait to try again until your friends time out. I don't think we should have to borrow friends in the Cave section. Just let us play
