Rip off So at first I paid for extra features and then they made these free. I then stupidly paid again for the uprated version. Now the want more money again. No excuses, simply greed. Uninstalling.
Not Happy With App I have owned this app for a while and loved it Paid for this app and everything was working great. Now it doesn't work properly, Troubleshooting does not work, neither does synching it. I point it right at the moon and it shows me Pluto and when I move my device the screen does not even move. On top of this when I hold the device still the programs screen just shakes all over the place. Fix these issues please The program used to be awesome now regretting wasting my money.
Graphical bugs and broken AR with galaxy note 5 This app is showing the moon shifted about 45 degrees north of where it actually is, but the phone's compass is accurate when checked with another app. AR calibration is broken in the Note 5 and just makes everything worse.
Still a very good Star Chart Update, this paid app now comes with in app purchase. How low people can go now a days.  Sure beats having a free version with in app purchasing system. The last thing anybody doing stargazing is to worry about in app purchasing. It not what stargazing all about. If your hobby or profession to do with stargazing then it worth going for the full monty. Now if only we can have a clear sky tonight for... o wait....
Wow Look where is the sun in 3D discovery and AR on  Another phenomena when I switch to different geographical location.... They got the same time I do  ... hmmm. One more, don't be surprised when you find our son way way below horizon during the day hours when you go back in time and different location.Xperia z ultra. Nothing like well educating app.
Annoying Labels There needs to be different option to toggle the labels for asteroids and planets
Disappoint it is not good as iOS version, less description, stars and functions.
In app purchases Really
Got to mess with it screw it up Since the update it won't automatically scroll anymore
Stars look like squares When I'm using the app the stars look like squares but when I zoom in it shows its shape It shouldn't be like that. Please fix and also update the moons of planets that how they really look.
Incredibile L'ho comprata e ho pensato subitoquesta  la migliore app mai fatta. Poi per ho dubitato di alcune cose... Controprova l'ho istallata su altro telefono e mi dava un'altra mappaturanonostante coordinate gps identiche. ho l'impressione che faccia a cazo la mappatura.  una gran fregatura che pu passare inosservata ai pi.
Bull Worked great on my old galaxy s3 and it is garbage on my note 4. Ar mode is so bad it doesn't work as good as it used to work on my s3. Please optimize
Give me my money back Crashes guaranteed every single time after a few minutes even on a Note 4.
