Always something Not receiving friends questions even though I'm receiving the requests. Also not receiving challenges Also I have answered correctly aline NUMEROUS times yet I have no KO achievement WTF
Do the work This is a fun game, but incredibly frustrating when the answers are either wrong or more than one is correct. For example, a vocabulary question that includes two tenses of the same verb  know and knew  and asks which answer means 'informed about'. Another instance asks which sport does not use a court and includes hockey, but indicates that basketball is the correct answer. Stop being lazy and make sure the answers are correct and registered correctly in the app.
Stupid I tried 2 log in and it kept telling me if you work as a guest then it will ...your gameplay. It kept telling me I needed my Facebook account. I'm just a kid I don't have a Facebook account
Annoying This would b a great game but when u try to earn the free credits by completing specifided offers they don't give them to u. I completed 3 survey's one for cereal one for burger king and one for McDonald's and never got my free credits. It's stupid especially cuz they take 30 minutes or more to complete.
My achievement s are screwed up. I keep getting close circle when it should be operation ko. When this is fixed I will give 5 stars
WON'T PLAY I can't even tell if it's a good game or not because it's ALWAYS GLITCHING additionally, it depletes my coins every time the game decides it wants to glitch. I will HIGHLY recommend no one get this game until this glitch Is at LEAST resolved.
The only reason your getting one is because you probably wouldn't submit without it. I don't play games that don't let me stop or get out when I want without it leaving something running in the background. Too bad for you because I'm going on FB to recant to all friends I invited. I'm 61 and this WOULD have been a good way for my friends and I to keep our minds fresh,because 5th grade questions these are not
Would love it.....but..... My husband and I got the app to challenge each other, yet I can see him on mine, sent him a challenge, but he can't see me and can't see so he can't accept the challenge. Why
Cheating you out of stars and login error I was loving playing this everyday Then when I tried to get the free stars they are a lie you give all of your personal information and then I went back and researched and they share it with other people This game owes me approximately 1100 stars which they would not give me and now will not let me log back into the game It was fun but do not download it will take all of your personal information and give it to people that you do not want contacting you
