Lost Boosters On previous update, between 30 and 70 of each booster just disappeared. Been waiting patiently for restoration of boosters . No joy.
I lost my progress i was level 337 tried to sync with my facebook account now i am at level 240. Restore my progress i will give you 5 star... love the game but this is insane.
Game is junk I played this game all the time. Since I last updated it will not allow me to play. I can get to the load screen and just before the game loads I'm kicked out. I've uninstalled and reinstalled but still the same, take my life and kick me out. Soooo dumb
Waste Time Really waste of time, funNo, difficultNo, all depends on what it was given on the game. Uninstall...
Update erased progress Wow. Nearly level 400 and all wiped out with latest update. Just like everyone else posting 
Worst game ever I updated on level 350 it was not start ing after update. I removed it  download again.now I am at level 1.my whole progress lost.
Not liking this game Some many time come close but then it thief me why make a game what seem to want you to spend money when you do not reach the end and go in to the person bank account who made this game
Crash I tried to start a level and when it's loading the app crashed and i go back to my home screen EVERYTIME. Please fix.
You stole my hammers Where the Hell did they go I had them before I updated and now they are gone Don't you guys check your work before you release it
Have began enjoying it. Need bonus points. Never did get my BONUS HAMMER and Hand flips back after last updates.  Took away a star.
Level 595 is impossible to clear with only 30 moves, only with using boosters.   Try it out yourself Candy Crush Soda developers 
Lives New update has stopped other people from giving me lives. Also coming up with an incomplete code for the names.
Game was fun but not now It just shuts down every time
Uses battry too much Heats up the phone very fast nd uses a lot battry in HTC desire 820
Complaint Level 28 is impossible so could you please make it less harder...                     thank you
