Stopped working All I get is the hourglass icon and it boots me back to  original screen. They stopped supportingupdating this version, they have a new free  version that has ads and you buy upgrades.  I just reloaded the original one from Amazon, no ads and no zen garden or minigames version 1.2
Won't open for OnePlus One running CM 12.0 I paid for the full version of the game  there were no warnings of incompatibility before download or payment. When opening the app, I see an hourglass and then a notice about the game not being compatible with my device.
Agitation Will not let me buy coins.. every time I try it says unable to connect to network, I've tried this multiple times even on different wifi networks and still nothing.. please fix I have a galaxy S4 Active
Having a problem opening it Every time I try to open it, the game just brings me back to my home screen. In order to actually play the game, I have to restart my phone. Please fix
Coin purchase does not work Purchased biggest coin pack and nothing was added to my coin balance. Tried restarting the app, and balance is still the same. If you're going to charge me four dollars for added content, either give me what I paid for, or give me my money back.
Plants vs Zombie I purchased this game for .99 and I Can't Even play it I go to tap the app icon to start the game and it don't even open and it crashes right away....
Won't download Every time I try to download it, it tells me google play has crashed and makes me force close it, if anyone knows how to fix please help.
Not working It won't let me in. Every time I try to play the game it keeps exiting me out. On and never delete the game. You will have to buy it again. WHAT A RIPOFF
Paid for it...... I paid for this game and have been playing it off and on for 3 years now and now it doesn't work Thanks You're welcome for the money, I guess...... still bites the big one
Just reinstalled in after I upgraded my phone An hour glass pops up then the game closes. I've been playing it for quite a while,  please fix it
Will not open. Usually if an app doesn't work I'll just move on, bit I hold paid apps from big companies to a higher standard.  I'm on a Samsung Galaxy s5 and every time I go to open the app it shows an hourglass then crashes.
Smh Guys really I liked this game a lot when I had it long ago on my itouch. But what happened I bought this game and it has advertisments Not right. No screen rotation, even worse. And when I get out of the game to do something else I have to load it up all again to have a serious amount of lag to just keep playing. Not right guys. You're company is better than this. Polish this up.
Stopped working I loved this game with a passion but its not working anymore. Whenever i open it, it just shows the hourglass icon then kicks me out of the app. Will change it back to 5 stars if u fix.  I have a galaxy prime btw
Won't work It shows an hourglass then a black screen. It wont go any further. It just takes me back to the home screen. What do I need to do Please fix
Not working since phone upgraded to lollipop Game crashes on load screen now since my nexus 5 upgraded to the new version of Android. Please fix
Doesn't open I was really looking forward to playing this game only to find out that it won't allow me to open it on my device.... I have tried reinstalling it and I get the same thing. Waste of my time and money
PvZ I have bought this game, and it just quits working. No replies to messages about what is going on. Is this really how you treat loyal customers Come on That isn't good business at all guys
Not working Just bought this game for my daughter and it doesn't even work. This is not acceptable. Please fix and it looks like others are having the same issue.
Fix it. I love this game Whatever update or bug is causing this problem needs to be addressed. When launching the app, I see an hour glass for about 3 seconds before my screen goes black and a dialogue box pops up to alert me that PvZ has crashed. Helppppp I wanna playoriginally posted in July 2015 It's November now and it's still not working. I have a Samsung Galaxy S5. Please fix this issue.
Plants vs zombies Love the game but have got bored with it. When will PvZ be the same on android as iphone Last update did nothing. Still fc's all the time and u can only play all the levels so many times.
Won't work A black screen followed by an hour glass and then nothing.. I was looking forward to playing, hope it gets fixed soon.
Functionality issues. As it has been brought to attention by several of the people who have bought this game, there appears to be a problem where all that is shown is an hourglass, then the game completely shuts down and exits. It needs to be fixed before plants vs zombies is but a mere memory of what it used to be.
Epic Fail When the game freezes just laying the phone down to do something it's terrible. God forbid I have something incoming on my phone i.e. text message or anything else interrupt the game Fix it It won't work right at all and I used to Love it Samsung Galaxy Note2
WTF I bought this back in 2013,First game ive ever bought on mobile.I fell in love with the game.I bought this for 3 dollars.But i downloaded it and tried it out again but it just shot me out of the hour glass screen.I want a refund or no ads on the free version.I will not purchace anything from EA untill they fix this.
