Add one more cable provider I would give it a higher rating but I am kinda disappointed because my cable provider isn't there but if you add TWC then I will give it a higher one
Plz Fix and I rate higher Won't let me watch the shows yet I can watch TV and its always the wat the huh crap and I can put my stuff on it and everything and it still won't work
All adds, no shows Pretty awful excuse for an app. It had no issues loading high quality, HD resolution, full fledged TV commercials, but when it came time to load the video I actually wanted to see, it gives up after 15 seconds and times out. This app is virtually useless.
LG Optimus kit kat EPICFAIL I cannot believe how absolutely stupid the CN Dev's must be Another update and still, over 6 months later, still white screen is all we get. It is obvious by now they do not care about LG KitKat phone users, period.
Unlock more episodes LOOK I just want to say that YOU REALLY NEED TO ADD MORE UNLOCKED EPISODES COME ON DON'T YOU THINK IT WILL BE MORE FAIR THAT WE GET TO WATCH MORE Also if you do that I will give it a FIVE YES FIVE STAR RATING so do it and you will see I will also tell my friends to install and give it a FIVE STAR rating as well so just make it better I will be so proud of you. Congratulations you just made  for now  THE APP THAT IS NOT THAT INTERESTING
 I was really looking forward to this because I don't have cable and I like some of these shows, but all that popped up was just a white screen. Please help
It's just awful  On multiple  machines I tried it out and man just has sooo many problems stuttering, flash problems, does not on older android machines and constantly plays the back ground stream while you trying to load the live stream. This is not a paid for review like the others you see, just believe me if your tablet or phone is more than 6 months  old then you'll see problems. Good luck to the rest of you guys. The older app was a lot better.
Doesn't work just seeing a white screen on my phone when i open app.
Crash and burn Loads up and shows the commercial but won't actually loaf any episodes...just crashes and closes.
Seriously This game is the worst. Update fast alot people know this is bad 2 much
Simply does not work The ads work, but the shows fail to load, with an annoying error message.  Login to ATT Uverse fails every time.  It would be a paper weight if it weren't virtual.
Boo Ever since the new update, you can not see the entire thing of new episodes, only the first few minutes of it. If you change that back, I would rate it 5 stars or 4 stars
Fix iT Goes To Each Show Like iTs Gone To Play But Only Shows A Black Screen iCan Hear iT Playing But Cant See iT
Does not work any more This app is the worst it used to work and have all shows but now when you hit a episode it only has a plank screen and freezes for 20 min
Hated it so much When I downloaded this game it would only let me watch videos. I thought that you can play games to 
Why do you false advertise I can watch ads but can't watch shows wth the huh Over video is seriously old. Would like to watch shows. At least understand on what the app requires for it to work.
Doesn't work When I open the app it makes the start up noise but all I get is a white or black screen. Please fix it.
CRAP whats up with all of this crap when I start the app all it does is play a song.WHAT IS UP WITH ALL THIS CRAPI WILL GIVE YOU FIVE STARS ONCE IT WORKS
Horrible I tried to watch one episode of Amazing World of Gumball it just crash and then showed me like 3 minutes of the episode
Please fix Every time I open it the screen goes vertical and it keeps giving me the what the huh message please fix it. Pretty please
Sad excuse for an app.  Ad, ad, ad, ad I was really looking forward to this. It turns out there's only 8 shows to choose from and the videos are completely random. I'll try it out anyway I told myself. I just wanted to watch cartoons and instead I found myself watching ad after ad. I understand that ads are revenue but this app tries to take advantage of my patience. deleting. Maybe years down the road I'll try again.
IF I CAN RATE IT ZERO I WOULD It keeps saying its not responding please fix and I will rate five cause I love cartoon network
Needs work Great interface doest play videos. Loads commercials no problem
More like Ad Network I think you should move your shows to the same server as your ads. So far I've seen about 4 minutes of ads, and not a single show has played. Error every time.
