Won't Load Have been playing this for over 2yrs now, I'm already level 100, since yesterday I wasn't been able to run the game tried to reinstall the game twice turn my phone on and off a couple of times already still the same I just see the tap4fun logo and thats it black screen no more loading could you please fix this I'm running on android kitkat
Great game but getting mad it keeps knocking me off back to the title screen and my phone is new and works great so idk just aggravating but all in all alsome game
So much scam First off, its a 100 pay to win.  Not that people don't  understand that with these games. But this one is majorly expensive, and a very high chance you'll never even gain anything worthwhile when spending any credits in the stores or in treasure hunts for DNA pieces. Dexters spin is a total scam too. You'll get red x's over and over again before you land on anything more than a few tech points. Been playing for over a month. Not worth it.
Commercial Product 1. Nonpaying players gonna have hard time...paying players have great advantage 2. Even after payingI have tried 7 times in a rowonly R3 drawn from laboratory R6 dream on 3. Hundredth of credits to draw Dna Chip totally rigged and need at least 2 Dna to open a hero 4. Conclusion not spending any more my hard earned cash on this game
LOL This game really exist Awesome marketing on Facebook guys. Footage of a military RTS. Perhaps you should pay a legitimate company for marketing instead of outsourcing Yes, I know they can give you lots of 5 stars by copying fake reviews, but if you want to be taken seriously, then stop this ridiculous practice. Appalling.
Really Okay people, let's look at just how corrupt this game is... I dropped my comments to two stars was five stating how awful the hacks have gotten, and how nothing is being done. I come back to check for a reply, and my words were deleted and my rating was set to five stars... Guess I will just start using the hack then  Especially since I spent a total of 200.00 from April to now and NEVER got one chip while those using the hack have a full fleet.
Have been playing this game for over a year now. The folks playing in my region have dwindled to about 25 people, and it's starting to get stale. Can you start merging Also, most the people I play with don't even build up their flagship, perhaps you can make the chips a little easier to obtain
Hate it I hate this game it's very bad nothing good there in this game there is on special
Unplayable I have been unable to play this title for 3 days now. I miss being able to play what was a worthwhile game. If the game stops after you login though, you really can't play it.
I want to change my name Am old player i cant change the role name  i need name change card like new player this is not fare
R Jackson Games don't need bad language to be fun Uninstalled.
