Cable Subscription Required Disney, please please get with the times.  By requiring a cable subscription and avoiding services like Netflix or Hulu all you're doing is driving potentially paying customers to piracy.
BUGS Every time I watch my show in the middle it said can't connect to server even on a very strong connection and it's like a cliff hang I don't like it I would give you a 5 star if you fix it
still got bugs WHEN EVR I TRY TO WATCH A SHOW IT KICKS ME OUT OF THE APP NO MATTER WHAT I DO FIX THIS AND ILL GIVE 5 STARS
Cable Please  get rid of the cable thing I put  the right password and user id I'd but it won't accept fix this and I'll give 5 stars
I cant log in to my tv provider Everytime I try to log in it says ERROR 4011, IT IS SO ANNOYING I HATE THIS APP Im goimg on nick, Nick is love, Nick is life
I just want to watch I don't have a tv provider so now I'm behind in my favorite show where will you watch no where I don't have a tv providor
Terrible encoding.  Color banding, artifacts, bad color all around.  Video files come through looking just awful even on very strong internet connections.  Someone at Disney needs to learn a thing or two about proper use of H264.
TAKING AWAY JOY AND HAPPINESS TV provider not support. I would watch gravity falls here but no longer free. Disney takes away the joy from kids
Glitches Very difficult to watch shows because the app constantly crashes. 5 stars once this issue is fixed
2020126 Ok I like watching my shows but hate that I can't watch them all
Disney XD App It's not a good app. It kicks me out every time I try to open it. Definitely not my phone because every other applications work fine. Needs some work.
Not listed Come on I am so behind in my shows  Still I keep on checking but guess what T.v provider still not there Ugh Please put more on. Then I will rate 5  
What the what Every time I tried to watch a show it   stopped and kicking back to home and and keeps on saying cannot connect to server and I have a strong connection
Cable... You must like losing millions in ad revenue to pirate sites that wouldn't even exist if you guys didn't require a cable subscription.
 I am a big fan and I want to watch the new episodes that I miss but I'm being positive but this app suckplease update
Fix it I can't even get in the app because of network problem's and am standing right next to the WiFi hot spot in my House.
OK I was hopping you guys had my provider but you don't just like Disney channel You put some providers that I'm pretty sure very low people have it can't you just put time Warner cable there too  I will rate 5  when you add my provider everything else is good
This app is killing me Every time i watch a show it either trys to connect to a nearby device, kick me out, or freezes. When it freezes it will play the video but then an error pops up, and then i can't keep watching because if i close the the show closes. This is getting on my nerves
Marshmallow Support Every time a new Android update arrives, your app doesn't work with it.  Fix it
I cut the cord and Disney XD doesn't like it. I don't have a cable provider and I won't ever have one again.  I know it's just their business model, I'm not really upset.  But the numbers of us refusing to pay for cable ever month is growing.  I hope they figure this aspect it.  Otherwise the interface looks great.
Network error 4001 Every show except one or two comes up with this internal server error.  There isn't enough other things on the app to warrant having it if you can't catch up on shows.
I never post one star, but Disney is not listening I now have three Android devices that will not play any videos using the Disney XD app. We have a nexus 7 2013, a nexus 6p, and an Asus zenpad 8. Two have marshmallow, the other has Android 5.0. Tech support gave me an automated response listing the devices they do support. These are current high end devices, if these aren't supported I don't know what your taking the time to support.
Why does this need my phone number and caller id information  Why is it monitoring who I call  Why doesn't it work on the tablet
No live TV Any time I do LIVE TV IT KICKS ME OUT PLZ FIX
Tv provider I have time warner cable and this app is useless if you can't have access to your cable provider
Bugs Once it gets to the first set of commercials a error code always pops up and can't finish
Really disappointed. I used to have att and this app used to let me watch shows, but now my family switched to time warner cable and they don't have it as an option to sign in to
Bugs Or Sum Its Not Opening The App It Keeps Saying It Won't Connect To Display So  PleaseFix It 
Always works... One time and only one time Very poorly implemented login code. Always fails the second time we use the app.
