All I get every single time is unfortunately Google sync has stopped and all my appointments are gone And my life is in my calendar and unfortunately I trusted Google to help me keep track of it.  Now I'm lost I've read all the forums and tried every option that's been suggested and nothing has worked. I am going back to pen and paper. Thanks alot Google
Lacking Meetings and events are not always added properly so i have to go in and double check each time. Sync is flaky.     There's no snooze for notifications and reminders  this is no good
 Needs better Zooming options  Taks PLEASE addintegrate TASKS into the Google Calendar, so I can cross them out.when done. AND PLEASE add a better ZOOMING OPTIONS so I can zoom in only the hours I am awake and hide the hours I sleep. A lot of space is wasted on the screen. 
Time setting faulty Latest update this morning now prevents me from selecting PM for my entries.  Only AM.  Prior I would have rated 5 star.  Please correct.  I only get around this by using another calendar application and syncing both  as this is my preferred calender.  Now in the PM it's preventing me from accessing AM times.  Will try unistall and reinstall
Missing functionality Subscribed to calendars online, but you cannot see them in the app
Really disappointing Love almost every other Google app, but the calendar layout makes it very difficult to use. Lack of a weekly view and the inability to adjust see a whole day at once are huge problems.
Cant see any events Nd birthday... I can see all my events Nd birthdays in desktop but can't able to see in Google calender applicatio... Please fix it... Even cant see holidays...  Improve ND fix it...
Was good now crashes With latest update I cannot add a new entry without the app crashing sorry Google Calendar has suddenly stopped working please fix. HTC M8
Constant force close My life is also on my Calendar, and this one sucks I'm on a nexus and If I was able to dump all google apps I would,Your apps are invasive and worse than the NSA,  I will continue to use the apps that work not these crap google apps
What happened Looks so pretty now. The widget removed end times for events Can't make schedule view show overlapping events Can't make widget show schedule view Can't change Exchange calendar colours Makes no sense.
Calendar Your last update really ruined a great ap.  No more color coding Why  It was very useful.  Also no space for notes.  Return to previous format which was great.
After update it STILL crashes constantly Pretty much every time I try to add an event it crashes. Until a few months ago I was quite happy with it.. HTC one m8 running 5.0.2. Please fix
What Can not add monthly widget I must click the widget for the monthly calendar to appear Please google....make your gapps more useful
Like for something scheduled weekly. However for upcoming appointments it loses them every time. Great idea just if don't work unfortunately.
