Please fix Extremely slow and stops in the middle of the song.
Constantly stops playing
WHY IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SONG It keeps skipping
Horrible Doesn't work
What's going on Will not let me register, it keeps saying  thank you for your interest in Pandora, unfortunately we are not able to accept your register at this time.  what's going on guys I need music in my life and this has everything and its not working I keep thinking it's my phone but reading the comments it's all on your end. Please fix ASAP
It stopped opening It usually opens and plays the music but lately every time I go to open it, it says Unfortunately, Pandora has stopped with 2 buttons below it asking report and ok. I would love if it would actually start to play
Skips songs Keeps skipping all the songs I actually want to listen to and plays which ever ones it feels like playing all the way through. I thought it was just my phone so tried my music player and iHeart and didn't have a single problem. Use to like this app, not anymore.
Started working again, then stopped The new version worked for a few days. I can't get it to stream unless I have perfect 4G for more than 24 hours. Restarting my phone seems to delay 4g streaming another  24 hours.
Stopped working this week I usually use this app every day while getting ready for work but this past week Pandora just hasn't been playing any songs, I open the app and nothing but ads will pop up, songs just won't play. Samsung galaxy note 4.
Have Pandora one but can't skip for Days at a time and stations run out of music I have pandora but when I run out of skips I can't use it again until 3 days later and not only that all of my stations have no music to play on any of them even if I make a new one or if I close the app and reopen it.
Thanks for nothing with this new update. App doesn't work at all now Droid turbo on Verizon. Never had an issue before now. Cannot back date to before update either. Please fix asap or I will be looking for a different streaming service.  UPDATE 11515 No change in app function. Won't even open just says had a problem and closes. Tried reporting multiple times with no response. App has now been deleted from all my devices. Might reinstall if issues are fixed.
WHAT IS GOING ON I haven't been able to finish a song all day I've tried on my television app, and here. Every single song stops somewhere in the middle, and either starts a new song, or goes to an ad. What the heck
normally 5 star BUT it hasnt been working. its only working on wifi during the past couple days. no, theres nothing wrong with my phone lol. i even reinstalled pandora just a few minutes ago and it still doesnt work outside of wifi.
WT I have Pandora that i pay monthly for installed on 2 of my devices with 0 issues. I installed it on 2 tablets I use for my business and no matter what station I'm on it just repeats the same song over and over again No advancing Would someone please explain,otherwise I'm going to Spotify. There you can make an actual playlist as well.  It's not like I have Pandora playing from all devices at one time so it doesn't make any sense. Please fix this ASAP
What happened After an update, I could not listen to music. I would press play, it would load, but in a split second it would revert to being paused again. My phone is a Sony Xperia Z1. I'm a big Pandora fan so please fix.
No I would not recommend. It skips randomly to the middle of the song and goes back and forth and ends it within 5 seconds
Used to be great... Used to love using Pandora, mixing stations for variety. Now, it shuts Bluetooth off randomly it doesn't play songs at times, just silence although it shows the song is playing it freezes and then force closes it will play commercials constantly just fine but music doesn't always want to play right... And all the updates aren't making anything better I'm done
Pandora What is going on  Today Pandora will not play music  It opens, goes to the station I pick, I even hit the play arrow   nothing. The line doesn't move, just silence. Even the ads are silent   Please fix  Ps the ads can remain silent
