New scrabble update sucks It just keeps saying it is updating games, tiles turn round and round and games won't open. Does not auto connect to origin, only FB. Totally drains power from Samsung galaxy  in 5 minutes. Cannot play at all.
Impossible I can't believe you have ruined this game on purpose.I'm leaving it after 3 years of play.
For those freaking out over the new Scrabble update yes it sucks see my post on EA Scrabble Forums entitled What everyone needs to know about the new Scrabble update, you may find some help there, for some of your players however if you already got the update it may be too late.
WTF I can only log in through Facebook and not origin.  All my current games are gone, all my stats have been reset as if I am a new player  Why is this  I don't get it and uninstallreinstall doesn't fix the issue. VERY disappointed and probably won't play much now.  One should be given a choice if they want to upgrade
Reduced rating So with latest update I am now seeing LAST NAMES of my FB opponents...I am fairly certain people I don't know do not want me to see that as I am extremely certain I don't want others seeing mine...definitely sounds like a lawsuit in the making. Not to mention the latest update is clunky and unappealing. I was always taught if it ain't broke don't fix it, guess EA hasn't figured that out.
New update awful I used to love this app. But now since updating, I have lost the ability to chat with my opponents. My opponents no longer have names, just Guest followed by numbers. I miss the old look and more social feel.
Every time this game is updated, some new problem emerges. Now a McDonald's ad won't go away, and I cannot even see the board. Who writes the code for these apps, and why put them up when they aren't ready. I would be happy to pay to avoid all of these problems. Ugh.
New Update Sucks I used to play Scrabble all the time, until this latest update.  Most times, I  can't sign in to play as it is forever refreshing games and then freezes. I am also not a big fan of the new look, but would be able to get past that IF the game wasn't so glitchy.  Really annoying now.
Update horrors I love, love, love Scrabble and this new update sucks. It keeps shutting off with n error message indicating that scrabble has suddenly stopped working.. As well, while playing the game the display is breaking up which appears to be another glitch.. Un installed 
Pubs Does not open since today's update.... I hate it that you don't reply to all of your customers. Bcp trop de publicits  Donez nous la possibilit d'acheter le jeu  Vos publicits sont franchement abus  Une pub  chaque tour jou  Je ne le conseille pas     CAN WE BUY THE APP TO STOP THE ADDS EVERY TURN WE PLAY 
BRING BACK LAST VERSION. Took away chat feature, that really blows. All players listed as guest, that really blows. Been playing for 3 years and met really cool people, now I dont even know who is who. Please FIX
Sucks Why do they mess wth it Every time they update, they screw it up worse. First time they took away words you can't play anymore. Now the app freezes and when I rematch,  I get random player...leave alone
Broken since update I noticed that their was an update to the game. Since the last update on the game I have experienced the screen scrambling and messing up the game,. It was my favorite game, not now. The interruptions while trying to play the game is to anoying to enjoy the game.
EA SUCKS is FU a word Avoiding new update so far.  How many TIMES do I gave to say NO, I don't want to play freakin' single player mode   We've been asking EA for years for a paid noads version of this game, but they continue to ignore us and force ads on us which are becoming more obtrusive with each version.  I WILL NEVER watch an ad in this game, EA.  I kill the app every time one plays I cant X out of right away, even if it takes more time that way than watching the ad, just on principle
Game play much better, horrible video ads The update seems to have repaired the game play issues that made this game nearly useless in the past. If it weren't for the obnoxiously loud video ads between plays, I might actually like scrabble again. I can't play this game at night or in public due to ads suddenly blaring out, disturbing those around me. So once again I can't use this game 90 of the time, just now for a different reason than before. Boo.
Recent update is terrible Scrabble now hangs upfreezes all the time on my 2 Samsung devices.   Have to stop and start game. When I try to rematch, it doesn't recognize my opponent...  I don't like the huge font and it now includes your opponents last name  I love scrabble but it is too frustrating  to play now.
Great game I started out writing down allowable words until I collected hundreds I'd never heard of in just a few days. Once I got rid of my hang ups about the vocabulary and its strange likes and dislikes I really enjoyed the game and I love the teacher function. Don't much like the new  version
Why is this always so difficult No games will load. Every time there an update it takes a couple of weeks to start playing again.  It is so incredibly painful
Can't play with Orgin friends anymore. The new update is not allowing me to  sign into Origin and play those friends anymore.  It says you can play with Origin friends, but there is no way to sign into it.  The new gameboard looks childish.
Bad design keeps getting worse. I love scrabble, but would rather have a knockoff version than this atrocity. Too bad the makers can't get their act together. I would have paid for even an average app. Origin is the worst.
Terrible new update This new update is awful it works  really slow. An error message comes up and says unfortunately scrabble has stopped working and it completely shuts down. I never had this problem before the update. Please just put the old version back. Very frustrating
Electronic Arts  garbage maker Electronic Arts sure know how to screw things up.  Once again they have effed up.  Aside from the data rape and the ads, they also manage to screw up the gui and engineering....again  Simply amazing
Ad City Good job guys Didn't think it was possible to make this app any worse but you did it How many manhours did it take to completely ruin the game experience Must have been expensive but then again I'm sure the truck load of ads cover the cost. I wish I could take away stars but I can't. So I suggest that we all boycott EA and all other ad mongering companies.
Scrabble This new update SUCKS I have been playing this application with my wife for 3 years and now we can't Please fix this problem My wife played me back on 5 games that we have and I can't play her back WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM OR I'M DONE WITH THIS GAME WERE BOTH VERY UNHAPPY 
Keeps getting worse. Too bad one of the best board games has one of the worst developers.
Here's 3 letters  WTF Give us our chat and matchups back.  I am not a Fbook user nor will ever be.   You really ought to think of your end users, not merely your bottom line.  You do not deserve the revenues you seek if this disregard for the users is standard protocol.
Scrabble This last update deleted my desktop icon and now i have to open facebook, find it and open it in order to play.  I am tempted to just chuck the whole thing.  Update   Deleted the application and reinstalled it twice.  Now my icon is back and it all seems to work.
Samsung You took a nice game and messed it up.  It does not load properly, takes forever, the play area is too bright, the pieces are hard to move.  It is no longer fun, just a pain
Takes so long to get to my next player. The S tile just spins and spins. Plus can't open the game from the icon  I've been playing the same 30 players for 4 years now and Wham You update it and I lose half my games Not Impressed
How do you spell U  G  L  Y Do not update This version is slower, clunkier, and poorly designed. Prior version was soooo much better even better than original.  New designer needs to revert back.
