Error 403 Downloaded but never installed and charged me 6.99. I hope google refunds my money.
Paw patrol rescue run hd Cannot enter my child's name ...a complete waste of money. Read the reviews and it appears that plenty of people are having the same problem but nothing has been done about. At least fix the problem and offer an update or refund the purchase price...surely it's not too much to ask. Until this is done, my advice to anyone wanting it is 'STEER CLEAR' . Dont say you went warned
Compared to the price of xbox  games this is cheap but very budget quality. Kids seem to like it, i would be good if minor bug were fixed ie typing in your name doesn't work and making people pay for more levels
Bought it with the new dog,  installed on my son's new tablet now it wants me to pay for the new dog again. No way am I paying 2 more dollars after paying 7 already.
I downloaded  this  game  for  my  son  without  looking  at  the  reviews  because  he  loves  the  show  I  figured  he  would  love  the  game  but  it  doesn't  load  up  when  I  click  on  the  app  I am very disappointed  that it is not working
Constence Won't let my s son enter his name I paid for it and downloaded it but now it won't let him put in his name so he can't play it please fix this cuz my son really loves Paw patrol
Well it won't let you type anything So yeah I can't type my son's name and voice entry was no help a waste of 6.99 and a let down for the kids don't buy it and yes i ahve now checked the new version and it still does not allow name entry on my device im sure it works on ios....
WTF Paid 6.99 for a game my daughter can't even play,because I can't even enter her name. Fix it or give me my money back.
Error Paid the money, downloaded but wont install. I want a refund Kids are very disappointed after seeing it on tv and asking for it
Can't play Just spent 7 on an app that we can't play because I can't enter his name. Overpriced and broken
Epic Failure Please contact me. I can't get past the enter your name on any of my android devices. Considering this issues goes back to August in the comments thread. I'm shock that my children are victim to your failure to resolve this. I would appreciate either guidance to satisfy my children and make this EXPENSIVE app work, or a FULL REFUND.
Unfair My mother got me a google card and i downloaded this game now it wont let me enter my name or play the game please fix this or refund my account. As with not being able to play means my credit has likely been wasted not happy
Sucks.... Can't even play. Name wont enter Very dissatisfied. Fix or  back.
DECEIVES YOU IN SPENDING MORE MONEY I PAYED TOP DOLLAR FOR THIS GAME AND WITHIN 3HRS OF PLAY MY SON COULDNT GO ANY FURTHER UNLESS I PAYED ANOTHER 2.50 DON'T BUY UNLESS YOU WANT TO CONTINUE PAYING BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY SPEND ON PLAYSTORE EVER NOT HAPPY
Paw Patrol Rescue Run Could not even enter my child's name Very upset to pay 6.99 and not even get to play it 
Please update.  Can't enter name cannot play.  Please fix
READ THE REVIEWS AND FIX THE PROBLEMS Just paid for this and now I have a very upset little girl because we can't even start the game as it won't let us enter her name Please fix your game or return everyone's money
I want my fuckin money back it does not let me type a name Jasmine
Ripped off After having to pay for the game then having to pay to add Everest was not bad enough, now that I did that and psid, it says the billing is unavailable.  So I was charged but we are still unable to ply with Whereat.
Got to pay for Everest My son was so excited once I told him Everest was on the new update. Then to find out that it cost more for one more level. That's just ridiculous.
Can't understand why they don't just charge 8.99 and include everything at once...
Not happy No i regred buying  this game pay so much and didn't get the hall games i have to pay extra for one more game no this is just waste of money i would not recommend this game at all.
