Lame  just a pass time game and u get so frustrated with it when u cant get thr water to mickey sorry but i just dont like it i  dont hate it stupid rating phrases
An ad after every level It's annoying and takes away from the fun of the game. I expected more from Disney.
Really annoying This is really Annoying because after level 4 it only shows black screen.please fix that, it didn't do that on my old tablet
Doesn't work I have seen the same commercial 5 times in ten minutes and have never even made it to the first level. After five seconds the screen goes blank and I have to restart the game.
Boo dumb, stupid and easy I thought Disne ould do better than tat I mean come onI HATE THIS GAME
Pay to play I would give this game more stars if the free version offered more but instead it gives you only like 15 total levels to play and after that you have to buy the full version. Now I've beaten it and it is getting uninstalled
Don't Hate the Game, Just What Disney is doing. Don't bother. It is a fun game, but you only get to play 3 games 1st is a pretty good length, 2nd is 9 screens,  last is 3 screens.  THEN they want . It is only 0.99 but to me,  it is the idea that of all the companies in the world,  Disney wants any amount for this  game. The good will alone would net them more than what this game could make.
Ripofff Your wasting  your time dwnloading this game  i have better things to do  than play a half of  a game. Next  time make a game that is worth  people s time
Horrible I just installed the app, and when I went to play, I got an advertisrment. When the ad was done, my screen went black.
Really thirteen levels Disney you can do better. If this is all you can give for the free version then I won't be buying the full
Not really FREE  the VIDEO ads You only get about 10 rounds, that's not even half of the game. You have to buy full version to play it.  And then there's the ads. I understand that's how they make their money. But between every level lost, won or replayed.. you have to let a 15 second video ad load. Not cool for people like us with satellite internet with a cap limit 
HATE THIS GAME I beat the game in one day I think u are better off buying the the full  version. It may  coast money but it will be worth it There are only 10 levels and they are not challenging at all GET THE BETTER ONE
Doesn't work The ads work, but all I got was a black screen when it was time to play the game... Oh well... Looked like it would've been fun
Why Disney Why would you make us pay for a full version You only get to play 10 of the levels What a stupid thing Kids just wanna play a free awesome DISNEY game This would be awesome if you didn't have to pay for all of the levels It says Where's My Water FREE SERIOUSLY DISNEY
