Error No me deja hacer sign in  me aparece un codigo de error en la app en mi telefono  y en xbox no puedo ver ningun episodio...aun cuando ya puse el codigo en pagina de internet y es satisfactorio..... de ningun modo obtengo wAtch on live 
Sofia the first game My daughter is trying to play the secret library game and cant get past the 3rd part, all she says is maybe the fishnet will help, she tries using it on the fish, and it does  nothing. Very frustrating for a 5 year old. Advise
This app is not compatible with either my lg tablet or my samsung galaxy note 4, yet they've told me 3 times that my issue has been deem solved and that i can use it on my note 4.
Having trouble My daughter loves Mickey Mouse so I put this app on my galaxy s5. It worked for a while but now NONE of the episodes will play on my phone and it says there's been some type of error. It's about to get deleted since Mickey is the reason I got the app in the first place.
Disappointment I have been waiting a long time for Direct TV to be one of the providers on this app. I was so excited to finally see it on here, I signed in picked an episode only to find out that the only thing that works is the audio... horrible
Needs fixing I went to get on the app for my 2 year old. And i was no longer signed in. So i went to sign in and it wont even let me select my provider even tho it is right under the video showing you how. Please fix this. Its horrible.
Serious dissapointment I see the commercials on the TV for it and so I download it thinking cool when my brother hogs the TV I can still watch want. I opened the app and sadly my TV provider wasn't listed so I was sad but then saw I could watch non live TV shows so I tried, was able to watch part of one then accidentally hit done tried to finish watching and couldn't. Uninstalled and reinstalled but same thing happened. Seriously frustrating.  fix that problem and I'll give it a 5 star rating.
My kids love this app so I got them their own tablets to watch it on. Very disappointed that the app isn't compatible with the Samsung galaxy tab 4 7. It would definitely be 5 stars if they were able to use it on their tablets and not my phone
Poor device support This app is incompatible with the Nexus 9, and installs but crashes on video start on the Dell Venue 8 7840. Basically, there is no support for Intel or nVidia 64 bit devices.
Use to enjoy it Recently upgraded to the galaxy s6 from the s4 and now getting a error 1002 saying I'm outside of the country. Never had a problem with my s4
Error 4001 My 2 year old daughter loves this app. Everything was working just fine until about 3 weeks ago. Every time she wants to watch the Mickey Mouse Clubhouse there is an error message. Please fix this issue.
Doesn't work I downloaded this app for my daughter. She was able to watch some of an episode, but accidentally hit the done button which closed out the episode. After that nothing will play. Complete disappointment.
My Son loves this app on his Ipad but can't watch on the go on my android phone Nexus 6 because it isn't compatible. wish they would update the app
This app used to work on my Nexus Tablet but hasn't for some time. Very disappointed that they removed tablet support.
Crash, crash, crash Loved it when it first worked, now it crashes 100 of the time, every time I try to open it. Has all of my daughter's favorite shows.
I expected that and application that is related to a TV show would be available in the nexus player Google's official Android TV but for my surprise this was not the case... very disappointed, I hope Disney will support Nexus Player soon, so I can change my rate .
Force close This app force closes every time I try to watch an episode.  Really frustrating when my child wants to watch something  I'm on Android marshmallow
Not for galaxy This app has never worked on my Samsung Galaxy s5. It works on my huband's iPhone. Very disappointed
I works when it wants to My toddler loves the app, but the app doesn't like him. it only works part of the time
Very disappointed with this app. None of the video episodes work, which is the whole reason I downloaded it to begin with.
Episodes freeze I would rate this app 5 stars because my daughter loves watching Mickey Mouse Clubhouse on my Samsung Galaxy Note 5 but every time she tries to watch an episode it freezes into like the first 5 minutes. And then the app just crashes and it tells me unfortunately the app is not working right now. Please fix this Thanks
Advertising really We use this app everyday on our ipad. The new update is okay but now it has added in advertising...really We see enough during commercials when we watch TV and pay enough extra to have Disney Jr that it is very off putting. Pbs kids app has no commercials in between episodes so we may be using that more. Smh...take the ads away Pronto. My toddler doesn't understand them anyways and it is annoying.
Will not let my son watch videos... keeps saying unexpected internal error
USED to be great  saved me in the grocery many times but now doesn't work.
Does NOT Work The app only plays the theme song from Sofia the First while displaying the intro scene. Uninstalling now.
Poor quality App seems ok but it plays the shows in poor quality. Everything is pixelated and freezes.
Crashes Even on the newest of phones Nexus this crap app crashes
Unsupported and Disappointed Upon reporting error on display I was told by customer support my issue was resolved because I have a phone they didn't test the app on. Anyone with the new ZTE Axon Pro don't bother installing. The new technology is not worth the time of Disney to make sure anyone besides the top of the line phones were supported.
