Game isn't saving my progress I'm trying to complete the mclaren p1 gtr event but even though I've completed day one twice now it still starts me off at day 1. I won't be able to win the even since I don't start from where I ended but the amount of days left is decreasing. Fix this issue and give me some kind of compensation and then you can have your 5 stars.
Great graphics but needs to place you with similar skilled drivers and ranking and quit placing you at the back every race. Also it keeps kicking you out of the bonus racing and when you do complete you don't get your earnings. Also get rid of Paradise Bay add never gives Gold Coin. Fix this or I like so many will uninstall.
Not getting my gold When j am racing it's popping up the gold that I have one but when I go to collect it it's not there please fix I have like 30 gold just sitting some where I play the game a lot and compete in the challenges often please fix or will Uninstall
Money hungry developer Won't go far unless you spend a lot a real money cars cost just a ridiculous amounts to finish parts and open new cost real cash did upgrades on cars to finish challenges and did nothing to help speed of car would not tell friends to down load this game stop being so money hungry
New update This would be 5 stars if it was not for  having to complete the stage where before it was on trophys and I was 1 trophy from unlocking pro and now I can't get pro unlocked VERY disappointed I'm not doing the career until it's fixed
WILL NO LONGER OPEN  Ever since I last updated the app, it will not open. After months of play  progress, it is now unusable. When working, this was a 5 Star game. Sent in multiple reports, no fix and no responses. Disappointing 
Freemium Ruined Gaming Now, its no longer fun. Its just another job and stress, constantly worrying about paying for stuff, what to buy, when to buy it. I already do that, its called life and this is supposed to be an escape. Charge me for the app then got the F out of my face you panhandlers.
Sweet game but  for rich people This is for the current version And every other version I've Never seen such a game that is solely made to take your money It's a fun game but 30 gold for the very first engine upgrade on NASCAR Toyota And they go up to what 200300 gold coins for the top upgrade I will NEVER find out cuz that is ridiculous You guys are way out of line So you want me to pay 100 to upgrade a NASCAR C'mon
I think this game would be 5 stars if it didn't want me to spend 100 dollars just for one car. Racing games on consoles only cost 60 and that gives you everything. This is only until nascar comes out next year then I will never play this again.
What a fuking rip off These people put out a free game that will cost you thousands of real dollars to complete. They set it up to suck you in by putting up completion percentages to keep you enticed. This game is a scam. Don't fall for the gold they sell, it's a total rip off. If you like to finish a game and don't have thousands of dollars to spend the don't even download it.
Free play is good. Races and cars are too expensive requiring gold coins. Big rip off with unwinnable challenges without upgrading. New car challenges unwinnable. Challenges do not have clear directions
