Great app, but... I have always loved this app, but new update has changed the widget and you can't seem to change the 4 quick options on it anymore, I like having certain ones in it, put this back and 5 stars from me.
Widget sucks, pointless now Used to use the widget w customized buttons for quick action, cant customize anymore and clear process button opens the app instead of performing the action, so widget is waste of time now. Dumb update, fix it for next time and rating will go up
Widget text too small on Nexus 5. Unfortunately the new widget has shrunk all the useful information to increase the size of the AVG logo making it more difficult to read. Not ideal.
Avg pro I've got this pro version which I paid for. I still have a virus on my phone. Not impressed at all.
Hate the new Widget Make the widget customizable. Don't be silly and think customers don't have a voice. I am expressing mine right now.  I have cancelled my subscription too. Your customers are the persons you should be taking a lead from not the other way around. Not happy with the new change. Contacted customer service and was told you would do nothing about it. Too bad. So now I will give you 1 star. Because I used to love your program. But now I do not.
Why oh why Ridiculous widget with no instant function without opening app, no ability to change icons and a third of widget taken up with logo, no instant access to settings either. Well done for turning a brilliant user experience into a clunky money grab  you don't need to thank me for details and to advise you will take my comments into consideration for future development as you won't
Widget now sucks The widget with this new update can not have its buttons changed... There is no little cog in the top right corner. Would not recommend the update all based on this. Please fix avg.
Widget Unable to change widget, and my one tap button to optimize my processes is gone. On top of that, when I go into the task killer and kill tasks, it has the nerve to ask me to rate five stars. I Don't understand, as developers of software, where it would be deemed a great feature to get rid of user customization capability. It is a slap in the face. Unable to find any previous versions to revert back to either. Uninstalling app.
I have had this app on my phone since I got it and like it enough. BUT NOW The new update has changed the widget my favorite part and makes me keep options I dont want.  Bring back the  4 quick options and I will install it again. As for now, it is usless for me. There is better protection without making me download a bunch of seperate apps.
Please fix Since the last update when I scan for viruses or any thing the icon in the upper corner is white not the 4 colored blocks like before and it won't scan my apps after I install them please bring the old version back thank you
I hate this too many ads coming after install this one And asking money every time. I want delet this antivirus now..tell me procdure please
Ken T. I order the upgrade but yet everything I use asks me to upgrade. Since subscribed I have not noticed a difference and don't like not knowing if my phone is truly protected.
