Very poorly done Nothing like Beat Beat Vocaloid Plus. The art of the interface is low quality. The buttons that show up have a terrible frame rate it doesn't have a smooth movement. Interface is bad and not as cuteappealing.
Um is there really only five songs because I've beaten all of them on all difficulties and still no more songs
The Old Ver. is MUCH BETTER 1. You got to paid 2. You can only play 6 songs 3. You have to play the easy mode first to unlock the others 3. NOT as GOOD as the old one
Bring it back On the easy and normal difficulties the buttons made no sense can't go into settings to change buttons to make them easier to see and you have to work your way through all the difficulties to unlock more songs just bring back the old one was 100X better
Beat beat vocaloid plus I can't find beat beat vocaloid plus,, why
Weird The game won't let me download it all it says is try again later and I wait when I try it again it says the same thing please help me and I will rate it 5 stars I like the game when it was free
Wont download When i start the game it attepts to download but fails immidiately. I havent even played the game yet and ive already been let down. Either you fix this problem or give me a refund.
Kokoro... I used to love this game but now....  not only do I have to pay to play this but I can't even PLAY it anymore. I want a refund
cant play this video pleas help. everytime i try to play can't play this video always pops up... please fix this.
Tried to download Beat Beat Vocaloid Plus on my Kindle Fire HD I tried downloading another version of this game on my Kindle Fire HD, but it kept saying there was a download error. I decided to see if I can download it on my phone but I still get the error. Make sure the game can actually download properly before putting it on the market and taking our money for a dysfunctional game
Down load fail Not worth the 2 bucks you have to pay to download the game, you can't even play it because the game will not download. I'd like a refund.
Won't download Can't get the start screen download. Please fix
Can't play I see others are the same way, it starts to download but then it says try again later
you suck your really gonna make me pay for a game that doesnt even let me play it without it failing. you guys are disappointing. i want a refund
Meh It's hard to see on coming dots, the videos kinda hurts my eye with all the colors ,waste of my dollar I'll just stick with cytus
Small screens I wish it was compatible with my phone to
Wont let me download the 2 time but plus is good
Wont download files Using galaxy s3 and song and fike downloading wont work always says 'try again later' please fix this I love vocaloid and really want to play  A
Doesn't load at beginning Game says failed download try again later please fix I paid money for this game and I would like to play it. I was using a galaxy tab to play this so could you make it work on this please.
Don't download. This app doesn't work. Sucks because Vocaloid is awesome
Hachi I can't get it to work At the beginning where it says that its downloading, when it gets to 30 on 56 it just stops
Videos can't be played I can't play the games at all Everytime i clicked on a song, a 'this video cannot be played' will pop out. The phne i m using is LG andriod, maybe it is because its not updated on my phne, but anyway pls fix this. I do not wish that i paid for this game for nothing.
Ugh It still won't work. Like, Da fuq man
Help It wont load all the way for me and I have a samsung galaxy tab, but it still doesnt work can you tell me a way I can fix it
Stops loading This game is no good. It always get stucked on 30. Uninstall
Download failed Always download failed when checking files please fix that
hung the game just hung at the dl song... pls fix it.. i am usin s2
