Sucks Sound quality is bad, some games don't work. App really needs to be worked on. I pay for this on computer and love it Was really hoping app was better
Fun games, broken app The new update means the game won't open on either my phone or tablet. Previously it would freeze periodically on both devices. This is why i won't pay for upgrade, i don't trust that I'm not wasting my money on an app that doesn't work. And the email listed here for EA won't go through. Does EA even read these reviews because we all say the same thing Still doesn't work on new phone
Don't like the fact I can only get 5 free games. It's bs you have to join club to play more free games. If they are free than do away with the logo club
Stopped working Tried playing games like sweet tooth  and keeps saying time ran out after i just loaded game and when i tried playing word whomp after I spelled  one word stated time ran out need to fix this timer
What The game will not load any more. Need more games ,4 gets boring. It was ok to pass time. More games, more stars.
Bummed I installed game on my Samsung Galaxy s4 tablet and it won't go any further than main pogo screen.
Sucks I can't even get to open. It crashes on startup. I was looking forward to playing pogo games on my phone. Instead I got a very poor experience.
Can't play Just installed , and when I open app the logo screen comes up and then the app closes. I see others have same issue for a while now, are you fixing it or do you just not even care I mean u have no responses so nobody knows.
No sound upon reinstalling, only this horrible screeching noise Ah, now it won't open at all. Loved this app, but what gives Please fix, so I can give you a high rating
Was nice It's just the poppit game on the cpu, however it has frozen and will not open at all.  Word womp works fine, but poppit has completely stop working,  if not fixed soon I will uninstall.
I actually love it, but it is unplayable I'm on a galaxy s6 and there is a weird static buzz.  I like to have the sound on when i play, but the buzzing is so annoying.  The music doesn't play, just replaced by static, too.
Sign in The app will not allow me to sign in to my pogo account.  When I click on the sign in to account button all it does is say loading and it doesn't ever go to Anything but that so that I am able to sign in. I'm very frustrated and extremely disappointed in the app so far. I think it needs a lot of work done to it to make it better and more efficient. If Eventing gets fixed I will gladly give a better rating
Will no longer open I used to say 5 stars but since the update i have yet to get it to open.
Big bug No longer works. Pick a game is as far as it goes. Lollipop 5.0.2. Galaxy S6. Will change rating when game is fixed. Club Pogo member. Update  able to play one game of sweet tooth and then crashed. Now crashes on launch. Filed crash report. Uninstall for now. Update  Still no effort seen to fix this app. Uninstall again. Also fails to work on older Galaxy Jelly Bean. Update  10215, this app has been abandoned by EA. Guess there's much more money elsewhere.
NO RISK IF YOU ADD SOME MORE GAMES I MIGHT LIKE IT BUT NO RISK THE HECK PLZ , PLZ ADD RISK TO IT.
Not working Haven't had a problem playing everyday but now when I try to open the app it force closes after the logo screen 
Where's all the games Ive been with pogo for long time and was stoked to see the app but where is all the games I only see few games, i even paid the 2.12 for no ads...this really bites if thats all there is.
Stops after each play After each round, the game stops.  It worked then suddenly quit working.  I tried reinstalling 3x, but still does not work
You suck I paid for thw world solitaire and now you take it away. Don't waste your time on this app. BRETT IS JUST LIKE EVERYONE ELSE TAKE MONEY AND RUN. Too bad pogo USED to be fun. Sellout to corporate.
Why is it not working I would give this 5 stars but it just suddenly stopped working on my G4. What's up with it
Pogo games Have been playing all along but as of 42215 only get pogo logo then goes back to main screen. Im addicted to word whomp also please fix asap
As a club pogo player I'm not happy Tap the icon to launch app and get to the EA load screen then I get a error message and pogo has stopped working.  I've reported it several times with no response and no resolution to the problem.
Ridiculous I won't be playing this game anymore till its fixed.  You all seem to not care  And you think people want to buy the full version,  and this version don't work  I wish there was a way to not give any stars
Will not work Went from being my most used app to not working. If it doesn't start back soon going to delete.
Love the game,  hate the errors I purchased the upgrade so I wouldn't have to see the ads.   It was working great.   All of a sudden is back to ads and then dumping me out of the app.   I feel ripped off.   It was a great game.   Now it sucks.
