Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Nerfed You encourage players to spend months farming for creatures for guild maps and then nerf it. Congrats on killing your own game with one update in an obvious move to get paid  players to buy more attempts. I can't wait to watch your daily player count drop off a cliff
Was enjoying the game It was fun but once u advance so far the the game wont let u win it will play all its cards in first couple rounds while u can only put out mabye 2 to 3 cards its very one sided and pay to play oriented cause they want u to spend money to advance and get better cards how sad this game had potential
disapointed for new update... if you want more money do a normal change, now your team make a mass quit player with your new system at guild
WTF new update Now I can't even log into game I tried to uninstall it and reinstall yet this method had not worked out. Game is now broken. Wtf Was fun even though its be trying to get 5 cards from casino wheel and with gems. In game support is a joke as well. Smdh fix this app. It was once great.
Igg just killed the game with update 8.0 Not worth playing anymore. They decided to nerf a guild system I was working for since a year.
guild map after update..i can't decrease atk on enemy creature. Im really not like it.
New update is awful Way to kill months of work of building a guild map deck and using gems to do so.  You also reduced the daily gem rewards by a large amount.  Greedy much  I agree with others saying IGG stands for I Got Greed. Fix the ridiculous advantage of no attack reduction in guild map opponent encounters or your loss of players will grow exponentially
In the future, this day will go down as the start of many a small guilds downfall. Really poor update and one that makes you want to quit regardless of how much time you've invested.  Edit day 2 of update  lost 5 members. Sadly easy to predict.
Bad update. You wanna kill your game Good move. Refund me or fix this update. Its plain bad and makes you seem money hungry and here i am hey i like the game lets spend and one would think their money goes to making the game better but instead they make it worse. Good move IGG. GOOD MOVE. NOT. Make this game glorious once again or drive yourselves into the forgotten real of the game that were once good. OR refund me all my money.
Update Destroyed the Game for me. Been a original day one player. Update made me uninstall. Ruined it completely. Took away revenge making it outrageous expensive, guild swaps, guild map fatigue, ect... What a shame, such a act of greed and only playable to rich kids. I loved this game and put so much time and effort into it just to be taken away by IGG obvious greed and it sickens me. Stay away from this new money pit.
Was flawless game But now they nerfed the guild map making impossible to beat it fast, cripple ability is useless now, please guys rate the game low so they can hear us and change it back coz they are making no more f2p.
This game is getting worse Nerf daily log in, lol at the 4 star creature heist event, and to top it off Patch 8.0 omg everything is bad. 1 week guild cool down. The nerf on fatigue and cripple.. my poor fatigue horned beast... Everything was already difficult enough and u guys made it even harder by messing that skill up rather than fixing it or actually try to nerf it. Not happy and so goes to the community
Incompetence Igg is quite possibly the poorest development team I've seen to date. The whole premise of this game is to expend energy to see how much you can screw the system. Igg just watches it happen and makes late hasty quick fixes that don't actually solve any problems
UPDATE do not play this game. New patch update. ... total DISAPPOINTMENT.  Cripple and fatigue totally useless in guild maps.  Spent hundreds of dollars and hours on farming and melding creatures specifically for guild maps.  Now is completely useless. Don't waste your time here.  Every time players figure a way to play and beat things they figure a way to destroy your hard work.  I'm sure a lot I mean a lot of players will stop playing this game.  I'm expecting a refund on this game.
Was a 5 game. Gave the new update some time. 8.0 has killed the game. Even star status doesn't help guild map nerf. All the melds you work toward will be null and void when they become F2P popular . First stabthrough and now cripple  fatigue worthless on guild maps. No reason to play if igg just punishes strategyF2P players. Was excited for oceanous in the 145 days it will take to get. Now I expect he  will just get nerfed  next when F2P catches up.
Here comes the , hrere comes the      Look guys IGG, doesnt care about your whine, as long as there is some spoil kid with his father credit card...they will keep om doing these sht, i already switch to taiwan server and minimize my time in playing DH...cause it pointless, and its my sign of protest. Well its up to you guys, there are still more strategic card games out there, who value their player more.
Mass Quit They completely screwed the game with new update they are trying to kill off the f2p game if you got a bunch of money to spend go find another game this one is rigged and you'll just be wasting it
Unhelpful Lost 3,500 gems And DH STILL DENIES I EVER LOST THEM, WAY TO NERF A GOOD GAME YOU GREEDY A.Z.Z M.O.FO.S
