Fake app, Don't use Log in not possible, all time showing error without any suggestions  solutions. Even not eligible for 1star,
The only thing this app is good for is checking the total and daily amounts of data consumed on a Tata Photon Internet connection. Can't change plans, add additional data, or anything  useful.  Update Now there is an option to change to a best fit plan. The best fit is presumably one that Tata Docomo recommends based on past usage. But if that is an option, then why can't we be given a menu of all the plans available and choose one ourself
I don't think it will be useful to anyone who has been using this app.. it shows data left is zero when I have 600mb left..  Recharge window opens in other browser..  No quality network,  3G is poor than AIRTEL's 2G.. poor Customer care executives and the way they speak.. and the latest one is this app to add feather on the cap of Poor Tata DoCoMo..
I wanted to give negative stars but its not possible Useless app cannot register my mobile no. Plus the useless oyps are sent ...please dnt download it , there much better recharge app available ...
Miles to go Still a lot of bug fixing has to be done. Every now and then an error pops up We can't make this available at the moment please try again after some time. Also all Recharge denominations are not displayed.
Need a fix This app is impossible ... Unable to register a mobile number show error while register... But creates OTP which is of no use.. I thought it would be easier to recharge my number before downloading it Very disappointing
Buggy It keeps saying we can't make it available... and sdk not initialized properly. Sort it out
Not able to add my number If i am able to add my number to to this app I will change my ratings.
I wish I have never downloaded the app These app dose nothing, I can't even register my tata Docomo number on the pathetic app, it's such a waist but what you can aspect from tata docom.
Useless app I have been using this app for a while but  after new update I cannot get my special offers. Sometimes is says no mobile registered...and even normal top cannot be processed...seriously waste.....don't download.... Need a hell lot of improvement
Useless App I requested through App to activate Roaming pack on 28th Oct,,  no response.. Service not activated,  Request raised to port from Docomo To Docomo on 2nd Nov,  State porting  still not done..  Poor service.
Totally dispointed It showing special offers is different  activating offers are different this is 2nd time happen .... if offers change means change offers in website or in mobile don't fool the public
Worst app Shows fake rc amount, ex rc60 full talk time with 90 days validity.. But it applies normal recharge rs 49 TT only. I recommend to go through paytm app etc. Bcoz those apps has at list accurate information about rc amounts. I think, this app is created by someone who hates DOCOMO company deeply...
Worst 3g network of docomo Having very bad experience in tata docomo ...very poor network in 3g... 0 speed they provide....service is worst very bad network i really  recommend u all , not to prefer this network as its very bad and very poor network everywhere...
Poor Service I am receiving the dive in messages again and again to activate offers which i don't want. Inspite of complaining it to the Customer Care Department. My issue hasn't been resolved. Disappointed with the service.
Copied my name wrong. My name is PERVIN NOT PRAVIN. Pervin is a female name in Parsis. Pravin is a man's name in Hindu. Inspite of giving proofs of identity,  nothing has changed. If Tata docomo can't write my name right what more can l expect
No use of this app We can't find special offers. We can't even have specibl balance in this app. Every time we recharge we have to enter our card details evry time. Memory waste for this app
JUST LIKE U CHANGED THE ENTIRE TELECOM SECTOR BY INTRODUCING PER SEC TARRIF.IN THE SAME WAY REDUCE THE 3G TARRIF AND BE A GAME CHANGER..200 to 300 mb net for 89 to 90 rs is senseless bcz there is no need of 3g for whatsapp and other chats.It is exclusively used for downloading purpose and 300 200 mb net has no meaning...better provide cheap packs and become a monopoly in better 3g services
I cant got 100 minutes In message there is a offer that download the app and get 100 local T2T minutes but now i have Benn more than 2 weeks but still not got the talktime
Did a recharge of Rs 299.  Amount deducted frm the account but recharge was unsuccessful..  Where to contact  I need my money back
Not able to pay bill via app samsung galaxy s4 Today sep 20 2015, again i updated my app  tried paying my postpaid bill..'unfortunately app stops working' pls fix it
About Special Recharge I have recharged with wih Special recharge 499 from shmart application but i didnt got benifits of spl rchg i got bal only 444  So shame on Docomo
Bullshitt, hatted by all users. 100 free t2t local minutes not credited as per contract when installing this application in 72 hours, after registration of number you can't remove your number. Do not install this.
