Worst payment processing Even after entering all my card details correctly and having fast full speed internet the message of transaction failed popped up and the amount was deducted from my account but was showing as unpaid in my Vodafone accoung, this has happened thrice and it's really disappointing I would suggest u guyz to make payment from other sources rather than directly from Vodafone app
Worst App Haha.. Still no improvements after update same errors not able to login. Carry on Vodafone.. Vodafone team if you don't have good app developers screw existing one and remove this app. Last 34 days not able to complete recharge transaction. Always gives server error.  I replied to your message  will wait for your teams call or response.
My Best offer not showing properly This apps smoothly run but don't show all my best offer. on dialling 121, I have rs.70 rs.70 TT but your apps not show it. Also  add options for checking 121 offer for any Vodafone number which is not resister.
Not good Check once UI Provided by airtel money app.
Boring app                            121     
Redirection for activating plans don't work. If the offers aren't active, take it off the list. After updates and minor bug fixes, still facing the same problem is bugging the user. Despite having written to you and you offering your regrets at the inconvenience caused, nothing else has happened. Disappointing. Very. Also, it takes ages to load.
Worst app by Vodafone. Even after i paid my bills, app showing last two months bill as unpaid. Reported same in call centre, dude replied reinstall app. Still showing last two months payment not paid.
Amount deducted What to do if amount is deducted from bank account but didn't recharge...its the second time that this is happening to me. Very disappointed
Not good Very slow...most of the time takes lot of time to fetch information or even don't respond properly very often. Needs to improvise...
Guy's this app  getting slower after every update Bakwas.... This is what I can say...  Everyone works on betterment of their app but Vodafone is going exactly other way...  Hope they're listening
Not a good Very slow 1 already try,Xolo lt2000,samsung j7 ,samsung on5  Nokia lumia 925 ,and I use wifi full slow this application..
No Data balance How to check data balance  validity  Not showing.
Can't select the best fit plan for me This app does nothing much than the information I can get via sms only with an ability to pay the bill. For instance I wanted to analyze my bill .. the app said sorry.. for instance I wanted to view my past bill .. oops again sorry.. let's name this as my sorry app..
Hated it Need more options..  I am trying to activate a local calling pack.   But can't find any option..  
Worst update The old version was fast but this new update is worse. Crashing the app after opening
Lousy app First of all takes forever to install. Then when you try to open it for the first time  error Unable to process your request right now Ridiculous 
Very slow app server processing App performance is very poor. Also the design of the app is not good. User has to clicktap too many items to see desired data. Vodadone website is also like that just too many clicks. Why can't they see competitor's app like Airtel. Airtel app is very fast and shows important info without too many clickstaps.
Very very slow app Very slow in loading even on 4g network n sometimes it does not load the options of the data balance remaining. Sorry but m not happy
Not Satisfied Not able to see bills all the time. Also why i am not getting the soft copy of the bill on my registered email id.
The Worst App One payment issue solved till now.. Another payment issue not yet resolved..of amount Rs 678.34..
20nov15   no improvement at all.. Still worst app.  5  Vodafone should hire good developers for app as well as website. What a terrible service       I wish I could give 5.
Worst app It shows that this is ur offker but when i m gonaa buy the offer it seems unavailable always. Totally waste of time.non of the option is works. Worst app.
