I wish I could give it 0 stars. I can't find real help on this game. I've been wanting to know how to get the longterm investments in the game.  You know where you pick a number. And every time you land on it. You get the money.
Will not work I have had this downloaded on this phone before, and now it is saying its not authorized on my device. What does this mean. I have never went through this with this game on this phone. I have also purchased this so please fix asap
Doesn't work Says that it is not authorized for my device. I am doing this on a Motorola Atrix. I spent money on this, hope to somehow get feedback.
I want my 99 cents back I downloaded this app and it cost me 99 cents, when it ended i try to open it and it says, that is not support it bye this android mobile and blah blah i have a Samsung galaxy note 3, how that can even be posible .....
Doesn't work The app, legitimately doesn't work, don't buy it. I read the reviews, figured id be difficult, im no different. This app is not authorized for use on this android device uh okay. Thanks, refund.
I would rate 0 if I could I want my money back I paid for this app on my old phone it was the same phone I have now Droid ultra but it got broke so I got a replacement of the same phone running the same version of android and now it tells me my device is not supported yet my phone is one of the newest on the market I'm highly upset and if this keeps happening Google I will use legal action for not telling g me my device is not supported before spending non refundable money on an app
Used to work fine It used to work fine and dandy but recently it hasn't been able to open, just crashes. I'd  like a refund because if I can't play it anymore idk why I should pay for it. I've already tried reinstalling. plus its never updated so there's no point
VERY DISAPPOINTED So glad I only paid 0.50cents for this game. Not what I thought. I like board game where you get to move pieces around. This one is so lame. The app does everything for you ....well you get to chose whatever the question on the card ask for...but then again the computer moves all.  The graphics are poor. I was so disappointed in this game. Loved playing it growing up.
I wish I would have read further I'm also one of the many who bought this app only to discover my phone won't play. I feel like such a fool Don't waste your time or money.
It's okay After awhile it gets repetitive.  Not much fun.. Very limited.  I perfected better game play.  Really boring
Not even up to date The ios version has WAY more content than this version, and i question why. Update the game please EA and i will give it 911 stars
Cant believe i paid for this Cheap and crappy. I liked the board game but this is bad. I played twice and never again. Boring
Feels neglected It seems that EA concentrated more on iOS more than Android. Once you compare the two, the Android version seems like a ripoff. The font looks ugly, and it simply lacks the same touch as they put into the iOS version.
Not working Says that it is compatible with my phone and I can't even play this game. . I paid for something that I can't play this is messed up. I would like my money back
Paid for NOTHING I loved this game when it was on my iPhone. I wanted to get it on my tablet, and it didn't work I wish I could get my money back. PLEASE FIX this and I will rate it 5 stars...
Wasn't impressed You should be able name your character at least Would like to name my kids too Playing against other players who bought the game would be fun Would be better if you could customize your character too
plz refund Game is slow evn when fast forwarded should be free not worth much does not liv up too ea standards.
Getting so frustrated with this game Starting to get very irritated with the ingame play while playing against the computer. The computer players get more card options than the human counterpart does..why is that The computer players get an exemption card and a pay card but I don't Wtf Please tell me why this is. Maybe then it will get a better rating because right now, I'd rather play the board game.
Doesn't work Says it is not authorized to use on my device. I have a Samsung Galaxy, and this is a paid game. I hope to have some kind of update, or refund
I had originally rated this a 4 star, but now I've changed it to a 1 star rating. I have a Lenovo tablet and was told that this was compatible. It used to work on it, but now when  I try to play, it says that it isn't authorized for my device. Not cool EA, not cool at all. Especially since I used real money to purchase this. Hope it gets fixed
Not happy The game starts and then stops. I am getting tired of it kicking me off. Fix it and i will give it 5 stars
Rip off This game a rip off you only get to choose 4 people and only 4 jobs but on ios you get all the people and jobs so either but everyone and everyjob on or I'm just leave this game 1 star and delete it not play no of your games again
