Doesn't work Just seeing a load of Java script. And dev doesn't get back to you. So there's only one word for it. Theft.
It still doesn't work I had this app installed previously and it started malfunctioning. I tried reinstalling in today and now it won't even open. I paid for an app that works, not one that doesn't.
Used to work and loved it. Hasn't worked in over a month. Payed for a working app Please fix or refund everyone. Used to work. Now it doesn't. Fix is needed. This app should be monitored.
Doesn't work All I can get is the screensaver. Just enough to remind how good it was, and enough to make me mad that I paid for it.
App need to be fixed Now it doesn't work anymore, the app needs to be updated.  Hopes the developer has some time to fix it, has been no response from developer for months
It quit. Sad Calvin an Hobbs Quit working again 10152015
Not happy Jan All i get is a screen with programing gibberish. Paid for working app. Mind you it is an improvement from not opening at all.
Haven't been able to open My phone and App is all up to date and every time I try to open it it automatically closes
Would be great...if it worked. Great idea for an app, however It hasn't worked since I downloaded it. Nothing but stacking errors.
Doesn't work. Does not open.
Wont open I just bought the app but it crashes on start up.
Doesn't work Paid for this app am very upset it stopped working. I hope you enjoyed my money...
Doesn't even open can I get a refund or what
...It won't even open for me
Doesn't show any images.  Only computer code. Money back please
Was great... Doesn't load, and crashes. Alot
Doesn't work
Doesn't work on galaxy s4 Crashes on start up
Bought this, does not open Waste of my money
Crashes The app crashes on startup, I have sent the report several times, please fix it...
Invisible comic strip Spent money on viewing a blank comic strip.
Keeps crashing Will give 5 stars once fixedopens to load screen then crash
App fails to open Every time I start the app it immediately crashes. I have reported the issue and it continues to be ignored.
Love Calvin  Hobbes App doesn't work. Requesting a refund. All I get is a blank page.
Doesn't work Screen is just blank. Changing dates comic has no effect. App is busted. Getting refund.
Wtf  The resolution sucks 
Poorly designed This app worked once but now shows only a blank page.
Didn't work on my note 4. Kept crashinh
Inky It wouldn't even open fix this know 
Don't buy Paid for nothing, would like a refund. App stops as soon as try to open
Doesn't work Nothing but javascript
Crashing during startup I really wanted this app, sounds like just the thing I would want. But I cannot open the app  it just crashes. I am still interested if it starts working on a Nexus 5.
