Keep crashing to home screen Believe me people dont download this until they get it patched its a huge dissapointment always crash to homescreen after load screen,please fix this i trust my money on you ,you should protect that trust i gave you sony
Controls not fluid. Can't exit app Controls either too slow or too fast. No happy medium. Changed sensitivity but doesn't help. Feels like mouse accel. And no way to exit app, have to go to homescreen. Feels like iOS port. Wasted 1.
Crashy Game crashes to desktop while loading first level Please fix Game looks fun I would love to try it...
Crashing on Samsung Grand Duos GT19082 Keep crashing after loading screen. I can hear the game start, but it freeze on loading screen. Few seconds later, the game show me the score and retry button. Please fix this. The trailer looks cool even though i don't have the original game or the ps4 itself. I want to play it so much.
I want my money back This game hasn't worked once since I purchased it. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it a few times, and still only get to the Sony computer entertainment screen before getting kicked back to the app drawer. Hasn't worked a single time. Not worth a dime.
Not working Game looks promising but can't get through the sony entertainment screen, the game keeps crashing. Took me more than 2 hours to download so i can't get a refund. Please fix and I will rate this 5 star.
Something is wrong Tried started the app with already bluetooth connected headphones, specifically a Sony MDRXB950BT.. but sound is stuttering Sounds like a glitch... A Sony promoted game that doesn't works on Sony headphones.. Bad luck, many apps and games tried, and this is the first one with an issue with audio over BT.
Bugsmad The game was really good but..there are too many bugs like the game will crash if you touch the screen when a level is loading and this game seems not fully optimizedlaaag. I wish i still can refund
No off button How on earth can you make an app but forget to include a quit button.  Unless I'm massively missing something it requires a task manager or restart to close the game.  And no Google play achievements.. It's not a PlayStation, Sony.  Could have easily been a 5 as well
