DO NOT LIKE NEW VERSION Bring back the feature of watching videos for free coins. This new format really sucks. I will be uninstalling this app and going with another crossword game. I spend a lot of money buying coins, but I will leave if this is not fixed. I also have tried doing surveys and downloading apps and do not receive my coins and that sucks. Get it fixed.
Too many coins Please bring back the option to watch videos to earn coins. I've tried doing it by downloading apps or doing surveys but I never get my coins from them. It sucks because now I can only really do one crossword a day. Please fix
No coins anymore Can't get coins to play old puzzles anymore so I'm uninstalling it. Used to be able to watch game trailers. Now they want you to download and try but you never get the coins promised
Bring back video for coins Hate it will delete if videos don't come back one more week and its gone
Super shady loser developer. I get that free apps entice people to spend and but this app is a downright sham. Constantly TRICKING you into spending coins through mistaps and obscure options. For ex, there's a confirm if you want to spend coins... Great...EXCEPT on the button next to the back button... Gee why is that Get more mistaps Heck, there is even a need for a FAQ to explain why you're losing coins every game... Guess I wasn't the only one who couldn't figure it out...
Still Dissapointed The app is still taking coins for the daily puzzles, I thought they were free You need ro add back watching apps for free coins. This use to be a great daily activity app for me, now it's not Fix the problems
Sucks Used to be able to watch videos to get free coins and now the option is gone. I contacted the developer to find out why this happened and got no response. If I am forced to  pay for additional coins or complete offers to get them I will uninstall the game when the coins I currently have are gone.
Use to love it now can't get free coins without installing other games Should let its get free coins n not charge for missed puzzles or make it less coins for the puzzle
I don't like that you can no longer watch ads to get coins. Used to be able to watch them collect coins and play old puzzles. I think I'm going to be uninstalling this app.
Enough with the coins. With other apps you get coins or lives after so many minutes and can request livescoins from friends. This should do the same.  Also, you shouldn't have to pay coins to finish a puzzle that you started for free the day before.  I used to really like this app but now don't care for it.
