Can't enter name to continue to the next screen i see this a ongoing problem possibility it could be fix working on switching my key board thanks hope to hear back from a tech soon
Used to be great My son loved to play but now won't let us past name screen like a lot of these reviews. 2 months for that issue to be left unresolved Please fix or give refund.
Did not work My son was so excited to play it yet it wouldn't even let him type his name
Rip off Nick is a waste of money there are so many free games or even 1.00 games that offer twice as much as this and now u hafta pay even more money what a joke
Game won't work This is bad I hate this game because I try to put my name in and it go's off then back on bull crap I think these people need to have more brains then this GRRRRR  
Won't let my son enter his name When it asks to enter name the keyboard comes up but as soon as a button is pressed it disappears and asks you too enter your name again.
Already purchased app, now they want more money with the update. My kids like playing this game and were excited when they were going to be able to use Everest.  When they went to play we realized the app developers wanted more money.  That is not the right way to do business.  We already paid for the app, now you want to milk more money out of us
Doesn't work Just like everyone else's negative reviews say, it won't let you enter a name so you can't even play the game. I emailed them for a fix or refund. We'll see if they respond.......
Can't get past the name screen I want my money back can't even okay it disappointed how do you get a refund this should be band their just trying to get your money I have the newest phone even.
Could be great for kids... ..if you kept it updated with new content every once in a while. To keep up with the show..
doesn't even work Can't type in my daughters name, so in other words she can't play it..... I WANT MY MONEY BACK
Can't type sons name in keyboard keeps disappearing  tried reinstalling and same thing over and over
Paw patrol It doesn't work I can't login. I want my money back
Game doesn't work Can't get past the name screen. Keyboard keeps disappearing when I try to put in my sons name in. Very disappointing. Please fix or I will be asking for a refund.
Problem not fixed This is the first app I've downloaded for my son because he absolutely loves Paw Patrol. However, the problem with logging in is still not working. My son is so disappointed. I expected more from a Nick app
Poor pricing Have to keep paying for extra levels. I have crying kids demanding I buy new levels.
Can't play it Every time I go to type my sons name the keyboard disappears and now I can't get my money back. Very disappointing
I can not get past the name screen. Now I have a very upset toddler. 
log in issues... don't go past name.. please fix asap my daughter so disappointed...
Waste of money It doesn't let you past the name screen. When you try to enter a name it goes back and tells you to try again. Refund now please.
It won't work. I'm having the same issue as everyone else. It won't let me get past the name screen. I'm using stock android on a nexus 5.
Make's me mad Got this game for my 5 year old and it don't work can't put his name can someone tell me what I can do to fix it
Sucks Doesn't work Won't let my daughter type in her name to start playing waste of money
Doesn't work on nexus 5 Does not work on nexus 5
Non responsive keyboard Can't get past enter your name  keyboard closes when trying to type  refunding
Boo Please fix the issue. Or give money back.
Doesn't work Cant even get past the loading screen pos. Fix it
Don't work The game won't go past the name screen.  I want a refund Now please You would think that since this is from Nickelodeon they would fix the problem or actually give you a refund. Ridiculous
Login issues Can't get past login screen, tried switching my keyboard but I'm on the stock keyboard already... Waste of time downloading this app. My daughter loved this game on another friends phone but I can't get into it for her.
Frustrating After buying the game and using all my data downloading it, my son can't even play it. It will NOT let us enter his name on the screen. I would like it fixed and once we can actually play the game I will adjust my rating.
Double charged I was charged 2x for this app and would like  to be refunded on at least one
