Won't load I was looking forward to playing this game but it won't load. Keeps kicking me out so I'm installing the game.
What the hell I had it loaded and played it for 15 minutes and logged out. Now it won't load up at all. What is wrong with it Please fix it so my daughter can play it again.
Really This is the first time I downloaded this app and will be the last if you won't fix it.It's too big to load and keeps crashing out every time I open the app please fix this
doesn't work downloaded for my kiddo, but can do the dress up thing it doesn't load.
Mad as hell This won't load at all and I really wanted to play and my Step Daughter wanted to play too now we can't downloaded it for nothing it will open but won't load
Won't Load It's gets one star because I have to give it a star in order to leave a review. I can't get past the load screen and when I do, it glitches out. I haven't actually played or used the app.
99.99 for 5 extra moves if you don't beat a level I understand that you'd have to confirm a purchase and a five year old most likely couldn't do that on their own..but it has to be illegal or something for them to even have an in app purchase that costs such an obseen amount 99.99 for 5 extra freaking moves You cannot be serious Really just gives MATTEL an even worse name then it already had..good job scheming..
Won't load I don't know why it won't load, it just goes to the loading page, tries to load, and then exits. Plz fix, I will give better rating if I CAN ACTUALLY PLAY IT
Disappointed I was so looking forward to getting this app and it won't let me play. I can't even get in the app. Please Mattel fix this.
Angering and Crashing I got this game excited to play it with my daughter and for what Everytime we go to play it, it quits on us. Do something about this. You are losing a lot of consumers.
Doesn't work at all I've tried everything but the app won't even load. I really want to play this game but without it loading that's a big problem. Please fix ASAP for a higher review
I HATE THIS I love monster high that is why I got this game and you guys ruined ityou rained on my day
Doesn't Work at All I got a brand new top of the line phone this week and this won't even load just shuts off after a few seconds. Why make an app so heavy even the newest tech can't run it
Glitchy Game looks fun had to restart the gsme a few times to get it to work. When it does work you're lucky if it'll let you clear one level.
Wtf Program wouldn't run, froze my phone. Now my phone won't reboot, have to use the old one until I can get it fixed.
HATEd IT I can't even work a Cant play it .no one get this game it's horrible cause it won't work. I'm sorry I have to say this Mattel. fix I will give it a five star rating .
Wont load It wont load and it seems to be taking up all my storage... I really love this game and its sad that I have to uninstall it...
Won't load Just installed this game and was so looking forward to playing it... But won't load... So dissapointed 
Stupid Doesent even load up cuz the screen go's pink   and switches off. PEOPLE FIX IT CUZ I WANT TO PLAY
I was very disappointed I downloaded the game just fine and went to open it up and wouldn't even fully load up for me to play the game. I am very disappointed in this and I know Matell is one of the best games out there. This problem needs to be fixed A.S.A.P.
Doesn't even works, ME WANNA PLAY Love this game but when its loading it shuts... Please fix this I  Monster High Please fix it
Won't load Installed twice and won't  open. . My daughter  is upset. Please  fix
Would like to play but... It will not load during the loading screen. It will back out, please fix this thank you. I'd give you a better review
bugged. ASUS Zenfone2 Wasting my time downloading this app. Better fix the bug Also glitching 
Was good but not now Could open it and play well with fun but now it stuck all the time. I try to enter and the phone dies
Appserlutly  discusted I appserlutly hate this game after the new update it wont even let me in. I expected a lot from you mattel
Does it even open It won't finish loading and crashes right before it finishes. I would love to use this app if it actually worked and would load past the Mattel logo.
I cannot play this game When i tap the game it londs fine. But wheb it done it sends back Fix it now ficks 
Blocks me from playing It has black screen and I would not allow the behavior of the app. It wouldn't let me connect with Facebook. It also logs me out every time I play. Mattel makes such bad games and they should know that. For the next update, they should improve the game.
Please fix it Cannot play the jewel match at all it keeps saying loading and then screen stays the same forever until the game freezes
It stops They have a huge bug problem. I can't even play the game they need to fix it now
Worst app in the world is right here The app won't even load when I try to get on it and I just like really download it at 310am
Some features still work I can still facebook connect and dress up my ghoul but I can't actually play the game. Please fix
NOT HAPPY I wouldn't even give it one star. It doesn't work like everyone else said and if you spend money on it, you will not get it. Really hope someone fixes it VERY soon or I'm sure you will be losing alot of customers.
Kept crashing Fantastic design, kid friendly concept, easy game flow and story line to follow. Kept crashing after every level and resetting my phone. Please fix and I will redownload. 11715 Tried redownloading, the app wouldn't even open after getting installed. This is getting insane Mattel Fix your ever after high and monster high apps or you will lose gamer kids and families.
