Ugh not working on sprout tablet, and old app has not been updated in over a year Why are the children's apps mostly crap 
No Chromecast Support  I would love to be able to cast shows to my entertainment area  but I can't. Can we please get Chromecast support  please 
Videos are not working Logged on to the cable provider component  videos will not play on nabi 2. Works on apple devices. Disappointed.
Doesn't always work For some reason, the videos load only half of the time.
Disappointed Logged into our tv acct and now videos won't play.
Just wanted to see my daughter's birthday shout out   '
Not able to use Can't use if you don't have sprout channel in your cable. Would be great if having the sprout tablet counted.  Sprout tablet should have all Sprout app's
 My LORD It sucks so bad I originally intended it for my nephew who is coming to visit soon and now I have to sign i n to my Xfinty account but I don't even know my password or user name They never told me
Not working Nothing works.  Videos do not load
No U caun use it unless u have it on your tv
Videos play but no sound Please fix this
The videos play but there isn't any audio. Why is that
Shows wont start playing Videos won't play after logging in.
Sprout Videos wont play
Won't play video
Cant watch sprout live Wont let me watch live tv even after logging into my cable provider despite the fact that the website says you can with this app.
Can't login to cable provider That functionality has been broken for some time on a couple different tablets.
This is horrible smh
Good old backwards Comcast Badly put together app that is a bare minimum of functionality to keep us watching exclusively through their boxes. Chromecast Live streaming I understand it's part of a pay service but let me sign in to my account.
Nothing loads My 5 yr old was so excited to watch full episodes than click to watch comes to screen and nothing closes out R u not working on this any more Pleez fix for new rating
Won't work with uverse States I'm not authorize for the videos.... Tried logging in and provider not available. What gives
What Why does playback not work  Click play and it jumps off. Please fix before my 2 year old finds you... Thanks in advance.
 why do I need to log into my tv account stuff just to watch videos thats so lame
Doesn't play Successfully logged in to provider but videos won't play
