Underworld empire I this it is crappy the the way any lvl can hit any lvl. Even in the event. You don't do a good job of helping new comers. You should set boundaries. Make the game fun people obviously wanna play. Who wants to get killed 25 times by a person 700 lvl higher. You should fix this. Seriously. There is no reason the game play should be like this. But who an I. Just another fool playing the game. Don't say we'll get back to you cause you never do
Screwed if you have galaxy 6 edge Update still doesn't fix the problem with galaxy 6 edge.
S6 galaxy edge Yeh so true what the other guy said since the update the app chooses when it wants to work and that only 25 of the time so sad .
Lazy programmers  keep clear I spent many months playing this game and they reward new players over old and every update has brought fresh problems, customer service is a joke, although Kiernan's jokes are funnier and prettier.
Lagging is unacceptable Only Android gets Lag, connection errors  forever loading screens no matter which network or wifi. Ppl are getting ripped off spending tons of cash should report these scamming money hungry assholes. We're always behind ios on everything but pay the same if not more. PPL THE FORUMS SAID FOR MONTHS WHICH PHONES WOULDN'T BE COMPATIBLE WHICH INCLUDED MANY SAMSUNG NEW  OLD DEVICES
I actually love this game, but doesn't work for certain phones I love this game on my samsung tablet, but it won't open at all on my samsung note 5. Keeps saying that underworld encountered an error and leaves me with an ok or report button. It doesn't even really start to open, just hits a white screen for a second. Fix and I will give 5 stars. Even though it works on my tab, I put the 1 star to get attention to this post and because honestly, this game shouls function for new phones by now.
Issue on S6 Edge Developer has yet to fix, or even acknowledge the fact there is an issue on the S6 Edge phone and this game, but I guess that group of players don't mean squat to this company
Doesn't work on any of the new Samsung phones I had liked this game and played it for a long time. Just got the note 5 and doesn't load anymore.
Not woking on galaxy note 5 Well the update came out note 5 still not working went on there fourms and they said that this phone is not a priority right now and they put it on the back burner and said it will be a while till they get to it same with the edge  also
Doesn't even work lol Keep trying the game but it won't even work. Try to login and netdb error 8 every time. Pretty bad that it won't even get started on the phone. Worthless if it never starts
Poor port.. Constant lag Nice game, but not made for android, rather a poor port from ios. Also looks like glorified flash game. Also too much loading time even if it's a simple number.. Bad server Or badly written game for android... Works only on good connection.. Too bad
Note5 Guys the game wont open on my Samsung note 5 but its working right on 4   PLEASE  FIX THIS PROBLEM ASAP
Been playing for 2 years. Haven't been able to play in months since I got a Note 5. Game just crashes. No response from support.
New device Help App doesn't work on Galaxy Note 5.
Do not pay real money for anything in this game Don't spend money on purchases in this game, you'll feel ripped off. There will always be someone who has paid more hitting you, and it is basically paytowin.
New phone and can't play Doesn't work on my new note 5. I played this game for almost 2 years on my last phone and now my progress is screwed. Thanks
