Take it or Leave it The game is okay, it's just that it takes entirely too long to get coins and not to mention entirely too many to play a round.Let's not even mention the free spin ripoff that only gives you 30 coins. Plus tap joy cheated me out of 56 coins when I downloaded I think solataire it didn't even give me coins even after I played it a few times
Okay game Take to long to get coins.  You will have the right answers and they will say no it not. It will say it's going to give you back your coins and don't. Since the last update has not been the same a lot of bugs
Needs update, or something There are a lot of answers that are either worded weird, or the answers I've never heard of...and sometimes I will give another form of the answer and it won't count it...very unrealistic..fix it please..
RIP OFF If You  Another Player Get The Same Amount Of Points Without Any Strikes, How In The Hell.Do.You Lose All Your Coins.
Losing all my coins This happened twice today alone where I'd be full up on coins, play ONE game costing 30 coins and when the game was over I'd only have 12 coins Where are they going I've never had this problem. I expected to play 3 rounds but only get one play each time
Stupid game Biggest problem is I play my Round then hit Next but my opponent never receives the invite to play.  I can receive invites but not invite others.  Their is no Help to troubleshoot this....and at least 75 of the questionssurveys are the DUMBESTVAGUE question.  Writers must have been drunk when creating this game
Family feud sucks You have to pay 30coins not worth it and I have to keep installing it and down load it again and if you connect to face book it keep saying internet required
Family feud 2 When doing tap joy for coins, I don't receive my coins. I am almost ready to uninstall this app.
It says update error when i get on It sucks they need to fix it when i get on the app it says connect to facebook and i do then it says updating but never finishes because it says error
Coin system is ridiculous  I play til I'm out of coins, if you think that I am going to spend a real dollar for an extra row on the coin spin that doesn't give you any thing ever except 30 coins then you are sadly mistaken. And then every 6 minutes you get 1 coin even though it cost 30 coins to play one freaking game Would be a great game that I would play so much more and might even spend a little bit of my Google Play money if I weren't so aggravated with the coins system
WTF This app is retarded or jus a bunch of cheats. Half of these answers to these questions i dont believe r top answers cuz for example one question says wat animals do u feed at a petting zoo. The most popular animal i always see is a goat but of course i was exed. One of there answers was a dog... serious u can feed a dog on the street, i have never seen a dog at a petting zoo. Goats, rabbits, camels but never a freaking dog. Ive been cheated.
Not Worth It Takes up too much space. Takes too long to get coins. Game isn't fun.
Makes the phone too hot After playing for 5 minutes the phone gets too hot. Needs an option to turn off all 3d effects
Slow and aggravating I used to love this game so much but all of a sudden it can never connect and when I do connect if I'm in the middle of a game tournament or if it hasn't loaded yet, it takes my coins and I don't get to play. Has happened 4 times and I've lost over 250 coins because of this. NOT A CONNECTION PROBLEM AT MY HOUSE.
Family fued It always freezes during games and tournament so and always take your points and don't give your answers u choose  in a timely manner.
Family Feud 2 GREAT GAME at first, then after playing a few times, the game won't reload
Repeat I kept wondering how those with higher levels kept getting all the answers to each question statistically it's unlikely then I got my answer after so long the questions begin to repeat so anyone above a level 8 has an unfair advantage which makes the game a lot less fun
