Good app when it works. The app is good when it works. It has lots of content including at least 56 episodes of most shows. The only problem is it doesn't work a lot of the time. I constantly get a server error when I try to watch.
Please big favor PLEASEEE take out sigh in it is not fair some people dont even have cable and i try to log in  with Facebook and didnt work im paying u a huge favor just Please i want to watch show so bad and all of them are locked and its not fair
Idk why But it was going so well and in the middle of a show if went off and some of the games don't play well i was so looking forward to this app  every time a show goes off screen turns black then it exited out and it turned my home screen wallpaper black PLEASE FIX
Read It is a bad app. But it is also the only way to watch some shows so I still use it. When you are half way through a show and exit the app, then come back you have to watch the commercials all over again.
Horrible app  customer service Won't support my TV service provider, Sling TV, even though I get the Disney Channel at home. I've not had this problem with other apps, like ESPN. Customer service did not help. App also seems confusing to navigate  didn't show me the popular little kid shows. Uninstalling now.
Hate it  This app works so slow it doesn't show clearly sometimes the ads freeze I thought this app would be way more advance then what it is now I'm disappointed 
Stop saying bad request This is retarded crap it says now bad request on my tv provider and it dosnt have time Warner also so this app could do way better for disney how cheap can u be
Stupid app It wouldn't play shows I can't play games it says it stops and then it takes me back to home page its hirable
Add Time Wanner Cable Hi i really wanted to sign in and watch stuff but it does not have Time Wanner Cable wich is my tv provider. If you can add Time Wanner Cable i will rate 5 stars. Thank you for your service.
Can't watch more than 2 minutes Continuously stops running and have to start the show over for it to stop running 30 seconds after the last time it stopped
This is my first time using this app and I'm already having problems with it. I was watching a show next thing I know it stops in the beginning and doesn't continue. I will be taking this app off my phone because I don't want this messing it up.
Horible I could only watch 2 min. Into the show in then the show would start flickering I'm warning you don't down load
Hate it It's so horrible. You cant even whatch the videos You have to find a thing for it I don't know why I even downloaded the game horrible, horrible, horrible                                  
I wish I could have an actual opinion about this app but I can't because not all tv providers are listed which stinks because my daughter really loves this channel
It used to let me watch it but now if I try to watch something or even try to 're sign in  it says  error 4001 saying im not in the u.s
Was a great app Was awesome app now I get a notification that it isn't available in my country... I live in the USA this is very irratating I'll 'reinstall when it is taken care off
No TV Provider I was looking for time warner cable and they didn't have it I was really disappointed in this app honestly... Thanks a lot disney.
Would love it but.... Every time I try to watch something it dose not show video just sound.. I'm using an lg g3 BTW please fix
Hate it Takes too long and you can let hear the sound and not see the video. Would rate higher if you improve this app
