WTF WTF.I've had this game for ever. But since the update I can't even open the game don't understand what's going on but a lot of people are not happy I tried to contact ea mobile but no reply I have a samsung galaxy s3 operating system 4.1.2 can you fix this and if so when.Ty.James Duncan
Jam Ok I'm extremely upset. I got the Galaxy s6 edge, and downloaded nba jam. Every time I get the ball on offense all the player does is cross over moves. I can not play the game like I used to.  I am not the only one having this issue. I hope the creator of this app take a look into this and can help with this issue.
Wtf I want my money back because I just got the game and it doesn't even load for me keeps saying error.
Don't buy EA Android Games I'm updating all my reviews for all my EA Games to warn everyone, that unless your device fits a very specific set of resloutions, which aren't listed anywhere, or unless your device is rooted so you can change resolutions you'll get stuck at the countrygate error...
Worst game of the year and a waste of money Every time I try to play a game it says NBA jam is not responding look you need to update this game right now because this is the worst game of the year and I wasted 5.00 for this game and it better be worth to buy so get this game together
Old rosters.. update players  please there are better players on each team u can use. Still no roster updates what a shame. Redownloaded few months later and still garbage rosters, most of these guys ain't in the league anymore
Fix ASAP Won't work. I love this game and play often and it just stopped all of sudden. Deleted and redownloaded. Nothing. And just for good measure Steph Curry should be a 10 at 3 point shooting. Klay needs to be there too
Not Working I paid for his game and since update the game goes black and totally  freezes my samsung galaxy.  This needs to be fixed asap , please. I would like my money back if this can not be resolved in a timely fashion.
I just brought this game for my phone and I can't even play it. After I accept the terms of agreement the nba jam logo would pop up then after that it says download failed error 101.
Boring Easy to annhilate the CPU. Game is total crap in multiplayer mode. Jittery, slow, sometimes unresponsive. Whole game completely blows 
NBA Jam has stopped working Months and still no response or update with so many angry customers.It doesnt even load, just a not working popup. Please fix this as it is a paid app and my Note 2 isnt thaaaaat old to run it. Please fix it.
gotta say was excited but now it forecloses i can't get the dn thing to send feedback either sucks as of now
Isn't working I gave this game 5 stars but now it isn't working. Even reinstalling it doesn't work. Please fix
Too much LAG Wont work anymore on my phone. The updat destroyed all my saved players. I HAD SHAQ ON ORLANDO AND DREXLER ON PORTLAND. There was wyy tto mmuch LLAG on th away multiplayer sude. Oh well I gues I cant get a rwfund
Won't work I LOVE nba jam but sense that update I tap on the app it opens up for like 1 12 seconds with a black screen if I'm lucky I get the logo on it then it closes and I really don't want to delete and reinstall cause I'm so far in the game I have so many achievements and I'm not restarting
Don't update Updated and doesn't work anymore. Been having trouble for months. Tried to contact EA sports but no response or resolution. Big disappointment especially since this is a paid app
Can't get on Give me my money back please I beg of you I saved up my money just to play this game I thought it would be epic, but when I bought it and installed it I couldn't get on it says Unfortunately NBA Jam has stopped working..
Refund Please I can't open the game anymore it keeps on crashing I have tried on multiple devices  I've deleted it and reinstalled several times still won't work
Love it...I mean I used to. Now after the update, I can't play it at all Contacted the developer multiple times and no response.  Really disheartened. Great app...or used to be at least.
Download Error I bought this game and when I went to play it it stopped working and said Download Error, EA please fix this, I want to play something I paid for, I just updated it and still doesn't work, come on EA
Stuck and SUCKS EVEN AFTER SIX MONTHS and a FACTORY RESET Galaxy S6 EdgeMy player is STILL stuck doing constant spin moves whenever he has the ball Still no fix after about a month.....still waiting patiently.......
Can't open Bought this game and yet I can't even get it to open. Tried to download it on two different phones and my tablet, yet it won't open on not one of them. Wish I could get a refund. I don't recommend this game to anybody. You will lose your money....
Great game, just stopped letting me play. I cant get my money back.
