Horrible customer support Unless you don't mind throwing away money, don't bother. While the game play is good, the fun value counts for nothing if you have issues and have to engage with customer support. Rarely does one find a support help desk with not an smidgeon of actual support but that is what you get here. Good luck.
Not working  wtf t4f  The game stuck up when I entering. I can't play. I uninstalled it but nothing happen. Fixed it I can't play the game 
It's the best ever but I don't have guild event
Too much hacking Loved the game. Spent a lot of money. But when another player in another guild can tell me all my personal information,  it's clear to see a hack. Hacker most likely is t4f employee.  If you can't spend 1000 dollars a month, you won't keep up
Its all about making money for developers. Seems like the only objective of developers is to make money. You even need money to destroy your building here and to win 2000 diamonds in simulator event you need to use about 5000 diamonds for chips.
Diamond I was muted for no reason promise was given by tap to give me diamond still waiting. I'm vip 7 and into game for a grand please follow through with what u say
Freezes upon entering I just told you guys it was the entire zone smh....
Server error Since this new update for zone vs zone.. My chat freezes, i can't speak, and when i go to type anything it comes up with an error and forces me to restart the game... Considering i pay.. This is terrible service... Fix the issue. Thanks. Kiwii
Lots of errors Me and my partner downloaded this today and so far it has stopped us from getting into the game at least 3 times. Due to apparent service maintenance issues  then we had to download an update so we did and bow keeps coming up with error messages
Since Halloween update My game has stopped working,everything T4Fun has asked me to I have done it. An nothing.. the game won't let me go to any thing it kicks me out before I can do anything. This is some BS I love this game an now I can no longer play. No one seems to be able to Help me.
