I love the game but as long as it keeps cutting me off in the middle of fights and going back to my home screen I have to give it a low rating, fix the issue  and I'll give it a solid 5 for sure Game is really cool and good graphics but keeps crashing help please I wanna keep playing but will install  if it doesn't get fixed
Disgusting money grabber This latest update is the final nail in the coffin. You know EA is a money sucker when AI can land a special RIGHT after they walk in the octagon. I guess i should say thank you for finally making me uninstall UFC. Cant waste any more time on this crap
Potential. A few things hold this game back. 1. Can't connect to your account right away, you have to go through 10 fights to get to a login screen.  Who burries a login screen like that 2. Random force quits. Random server connection issues. Uninstalling for now. I may check it out again in several months.
Upsetting So I'm there getting threw all the way upgrading all my fighters getting really into the game and now it won't even let me play the game because it says user login errors when I didn't even create one I am very upset and would really like some help please.
Seriously Ain't it a little stupid that once yoy reach 180th fight or above every one you face is maxed out Basically a pay to win
Having  a problem The game is not opening and its really  annoying.. Plzz fix it otherwise i wuld  rate it 5star
Update sucks The latest update deleted my progress. I already have my favorite fighters, Luke Rockhold, Benson Henderson and Holly Holm plus 125000 silver 280 gold but after  the update I am going to start again and lost all of this Give me back my fighters silver and gold
Account got wiped out What the hell....... After an error server I restarted the game and now I start from zero.... All my previous unlocked players are gone... This game sucks.... Please rectify this issue immediately
Bullshit I have been playing this game for a ghetto min and I get on this morning and it starts me all over, both of my Bruce Lee's were built up right.  I2 doing good and now have to start over.. not the first time this has happened. VERY DISSAPOINTED
Wtf worst game ever It took 2 hours to download nd now it showing unable to connect to ea sever even when internet is on ......is it a joke Fix it as fast as possible plz
Could have been a 5 star game I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't so glitchy  it didn't cost 35 bucks to get a decent fighter. Would have been way more honest to charge for the game  some of the better fighters up front
Issue with first woden box,  click on open and an error message pops up, can't progress any further, good game but that's annoying, only got to play for a few minutes,please fix for a better rating
Crashing at the start up screen Worked great for weeks  changed nothing now it just boots me out after I press the continue button.  To bad I wasted all those hours playing
Servers suck frame rate sucks Idk what happen to this game but your trying to jip people out of their fighters i cant get into my account i cant even play the game, theres no excuse for this im pretty sure you have people that spent alot of money on this game so there should be no server issues step your game up, O by the way your madden sucks to you need to give a platform madden your slipping 2k is better then you guys which is disappointing i been a EA fan since 95... Disgusted
