My whole phone updated and the app stopped working. Are you guys doing maintenance on it right now or something Or is it something else
this was ok at first.. then i uninstalled and reinstalled but never received any daily bonus points. i then got a new phone, started fresh once again about a month or so ago it seemed to work great UNTIL this past week, i had banked about 115,00 dollarspoints the next morning i went to add my 1,000 well my total went down. it adds but when i return my points are now always up to 20,000 less without playing
G.s.n. grand casino Have won big jackpots, only to have chips disappear next time I play, also don't get chips credited when get a win, big rip off
I WANT MY CHIPS I just hit big on WOF  did NOT GET PAID OUT EVEN THOUGH IT REALLY NEEDED IT AFTER READING THE REVIEWS AND SEEING SIMILAR COMMENTS, I KNOW I WON'T EVER WIN BIG AND ACTUALLY COLLECT THE WHOLE POINT OF PLAYING IS TO BUILD UP AND EXPERIENCE BIG WINS THAT OTHERWISE DON'T HAPPEN IN REAL LIFE THANK GOD I SPENT ZERO DOLLARS ON THIS CHEATING, SCAMMING APP UNINSTALLING NOW
Used to be good... After last update, game doesn't load most of the time. I keep getting error message that game can't connect to the Internet, although all of my other apps can. Also, keeps making you log in. Thinking of uninstalling the game if problem isn't solved soon
Nice graphics but very hard to buildup a bank I lose more than I get credits. I suggest you try Double U Casino. There they give you 60 free spins several times a week. You wouldn't have to buy coins to play  the support is awesome too. Log in to Facebook we can share gifts too. Look  forward to seeing you. Paul Lockman on Facebook. Good luck
All my money is gone suddenly I switched from the original GSN to this one because the pay out was better and I could play longer I also like the interface better but I had a couple hundred thousand chips that suddenly disappeared. I was really looking forward to relaxing with this game tonight. Now I'm just bummed.
Should have challenges. Daily challengesm creates variety, which in turn, teaches token management. This can be done. Simply, motivate your tech employees to earn their pay.
Updated..... It got me againpic I won 20k chips on bingo and it gave me 20 chips......ridiculous Happened several times now took a picture this time and it won't let me post it but I saved it.
Fix the app please Ever since the last update the games wont load. Can still collect coins but the games cannot be played. Please fix this issue. Changed rating from 3 to 2. Still cant get games to load. If its not fixed soon will delete and not be playing again. Changed again from 2 to 1. Now deleting rhe app. Has been too long that game wont load.
Takes money I just bought a coin package and after the money was successfully removed from my Google play account a message was sent saying that purchasing is unavailable, needless to say I didn't get my coins, don't be crooks, fix it please........
Grand Casino Fun. Good selection of games. But it takes a long time to open new games and there are many glitches such as not addingtabulating winning coins periodically.
Grand casino Has great potential but it's very frustrating when you hit big and it doesn't give you your credits I'm done spending real money on this game.
Coin  Credit ripoff Enjoy the games but not worth the frustration. I have hit it big several times but not been given the credits I won. Even the hourly bonus doesn't always credit my account. Would have rated much higher if it wasn't for loosing a BUNCH of earned credits. The glitches suck too but loosing so many coins  credits is intolerable.
Great at first but after you get 1st game of the cases its a long time till you get another and winnings go south. Ive had enough of these stupid games
Ms. Tish Not enough return on slots. Games to tight for what I am paying to play. Will find game with higher pay outs
Keeps stealing chips from me I've been playing Mondo Bingo and 3 times now I've won a huge amount of chips and at the end of the game it did not give me those chips. Please fix your app so I don't have to delete it.  Latest game I had 16 bingos betting 5000 and won 55000 chips and did not get them.
Doesn't  payout enough or give u chances to get more coins by watching videos. Not sure I'm going to play anymore
lots of times chips get taken i try to restart to recovert them, but still lose some quite often, again today restart and lose 2,000 cbips average they give yoj free  but continue to take them
