Don't  Waste Your Time Tried playing on the Galaxy Tab S.  The game doesn't let you mortgage or unmortgage  property.   So forget the hard mode.   It is impossible to play.  Fix and I will change my rating.  Also not available for the Note 4.  Really does EA think the Note 3's will last forever  Uninstalled.
Update doesn't work I bought this game a year ago and it played just fine. Then I went to play it the other day after an update and now not authorized for this android. So now it stole my money.
It's October and it still does not work with the Nexus 9. Just updated to android 6 and still does not work on nexus 9. The only thing that's different from nexus 7 and nexus 5 where it does work is that nexus 9 has a 64 bit CPU. If you have a 64 bit CPU then probably won't work on your android device. I notice that it doesn't work on the newer devices like the newer galaxy phones that also have 64 bit CPU's.
Not worth my money It is a crock the gameplay is obviously rigged.  When you have property with houses or hotels the AI purposely lands around or in between.  No random feel at all
Hardly worth a dollar. The gameplay is mediocre at best. It doesn't remember your settings at all, for anything. Your house rules or anything, literally every game it asks if you want the tutorial. It takes forever to load the game, and I am on high end devices.  Really, it is only worth it if you have an urge to play Monopoly. Other than that it is a horribly written app.
Doesn't work s4 active Everytime i get pass the settings screen to play the actual game, it freezes everytime. Please fix this bug and the game will be normal.
Needs work. Too anthropomorphic. EA. First, realize this is an EA game, so it is only a matter of time before retires it for a version with ads. Now, the game itself is too anthropomorphic and too slow. I don't need to see dice bounce around.  Interface leaves a lot to be desired.  Monopoly app on my old Nokia flip phone was better.
Don't waste your time Was on sale for 10 cents, so I bought it. Playing on a Galaxy S5, I can't mortgage or unmortgage property. So disappointed.
Fix screen Screen is too big, I paid money for this app and I can't use parts of it because I can't see all of the screen. Fix it and my rate I g will go up. Also needs online play.
Wtf ea games Your a scam now.. I have monopoly life and millionaires monopoly and they all don't work but cost
7 inch and 10 inch Table top won't work on 10 inch only my 7in tablet.  Same version with update.  Don't understand
Don't even consider If you have a android don't get this it stole my money. After I bought it I went to play it and it said this app isn't authorized for use on an android. I got robbed
Cheats EA, please listen to your players,  and change the cheats   Even on very easy mode,  it is almost impossible to win against the computer.   In multiple games I've owned all but three properties, all developed, yet the computer has still won.  This is because the computer is so lucky as to only land in between properties,  every single roll.  Not fair at all   Please update so that the game will be fun again
Could be fun if fair No way AL dice rolls are random. You could own every property on the board and most times AL will land on something else. Too bad, would be fun if not so obvious. Can't unmortgage properties. Very very poor app
Mortgaging If i could unmorgage id rate 5 stars but i can't.  I hope the developers fix this. Its the only problem i have.
Bull crap rigged This game is such bull. Even on very easy the AI still lands on everything BUT your properties. Owned two whole consecutive sides and 4 times around the AI never landed on any properties while I landed on boardwalk 3 times in a row. Previously I had not landed on boardwalk the entire game but once it was developed with a hotel suddenly I land on it 3 times in a row This game is a rigged joke Don't get this game you will almost never win. Piece of junk....
Not worth the .10 cents Definitely agree with everyone else. The AI has a huge advantage. Even on very easy. Doesn't  even make it fun.  Don't waste the room on your device
DO NOT BUY THIS GAME Do not buy this game unless you want to waste your money. The cpu cheats and you get destroyed. I'm on the easiest difficulty and I own half the board but the cpu somehow doesn't land on any of my properties but I can land on his and pay thousands of dollars. You literally have a better chance of becoming the next pope than the computer landing on your hotels.
Assholes Read comments   Can't mortgage nor unmortgage, but your AI opponents can   Really, EA Not fixed after all this time  Will purchase nothing from you ever again.
I LOVE MONOPOLY BUT NOOO ONLINE PLAY Thats was the whole reason I PAID for it.. very disappointed... any help with online play would really b appreciated. MzLoyalty86gmail
Doesn't work with Nexus 9 I love this game So I was very disappointed to discover that it doesn't work with Google's new flagship tablet. Still not working as of.. 10202015 which is 1 month after Marshmallow has been out.  I've found another solution. Since EA hasn't released a version that works, I've been playing Monopoly Here  Now for Android. It's not nearly as graphically refined as the classic later version, but it does run
Fun if you like to lose I agree with what everyone else is saying. Somehow the AI never lands on your properties. I can have 2 full side bought and they miss them every time. But yet,  I land on their Boardwalk or Marvin Gardens every single time. Very stressing. Even on very easy there is basically no chance of winning.
Mathematically incorrect Out of 25 times around only 1 out of 3 ai units on the board landed on any of the 2 entire sides I had built on.  Statistically that's impossible
I love monopoly.. But this game seems rigged. The computer ends up with one monopoly the least landed on monopoly in the game statistical while owned half the board.. then suddenly all the players land on that one monopoly over and over again while missing everyone of my properties every single time around. Once it bankrupts the other computer players by cheating, you don't stand a chance. Glad I only paid 0.10 for this crap. No excuse for it to be rigged like that. None.
This game needs an exercism I somehow managed to get sent to jail 610 rolls of the dice..
Everytime I try and go into the game it kicks me out right away or lets me play for a but then kicks me out. Until this is fixed in giving 1 star. Its fun when I can actually play it
Rigged After blocking the AI from having a monopoly and myself having the entire yellow monopoly, the game decided to send me to jail 14 not exaggerating 14 times in a row so I'm dirt poor and can't buy houses. The AI has 3600 money though. Makes no sense.
The hell. I just bought this game, downloaded it and now it says it's not compatible with my phone. I can't even get my money back, what a rip off.
