Used to be great My girls loved this app until the access to the free episodes all but stopped. Hardly any now and I don't want to purchase a whole bunch of massive downloads that take up space on my device that they will get bored of quickly.
Loved it when we first had it but can't get it to load since we redownloaded it. Please fix this.
Expensive for repetitive cartoons This app is good since it collects great free movies at 1 place but 9.5 per month  And all those cartoons are available on YouTube  and with 9.5 I can subscribe bunch on CATV channels for my kid..
I eill give more stars when they add these shows I have had this app for a while and I going to try it out tomorrow brcausr i am goig to bed bt please add the following...... calliou rugrats sesame Street  play with me sesame max and ruby sid the science kid cloes closet kipper olivia yo gabba gabba the wiggles.
Pssht My three year old loves this, BUT, the first time we tried to use it, it didn't load up the activities and the second time just now in fact it has stated that it was a free TRIAL not an actual free app, and all of the games are locked Safe to say my daughter is very disappointed, and this shouldn't be bloody advertised as free when they then tell you to pay a sodding 5.99 a month after one week
Seriously After having the app for months it has locked my daughter's favorite cartoons. The new update is a joke.
Why can't I use this offline. So annoyed that I can't use this offline. Like u advertise. . Whats up with that. .
Disappointing Won't the application won't launch I don't even know what it does sad because it looks like it was going to be cute but I guess it's just not made well
I can't use it with a restricted profile account Since the last update I can't use this app with my daughter profile restricted on my nexus 7 2013
Won't play two Doesn't launch any of the free videos. Everytime I hit play the app crashes and resets. Only the play area is semi usable. Why are there two app icons
Never loaded. Downloaded this app about 2 weeks ago thinking it would be great for my lo but it never gets past 50 laying the tracks Fix please. Asus android tab
Doesn't Load You upset my kid... You stink
Hangs On quad core tablet,does not move past splash screen. Android 4.4
I HATED IT  IT IS NOT LOADING I DON'T LIKE IT
Not available offline..
