This is nothing like the original. There is no status bar to tell you what the levels are for everything like there should be. Glad I can get a refund
I think there's a bug The game is fun but I CONSISTENTLY get closed out with a message saying unfortunately, Tamagotchi Classic has stopped. At least 45 times per use. If they fixed that, this would be four stars.
Wtf man Wouldn't even start up. Just had a black screen with three white dots in the bottom right corner. I'll just get out my actual one I guess...
previously known as tamagotchi l.i.f.e. a FREE app tamagotchi l.i.f.e. used to be a FREE app. that sucked. funny how it disappeared and in its place was tamagotchi classic which you have to pay for.. I thought it'd be better because of this but it's the SAME EXACT app pathetic. if you're gonna start charging for an app at least make it better
Not exactly like the original. Its a neat app but the tamagotchi  won't tell you its hungry and went to the bathroom right before it goes to sleep thus ensuring its death in the morning. That's cheap. And I've actually had mine die 4 hours after it being full, clean and happy. Very buggy. Very different than the actual toy.
It's alright but... Two things I have found wrong with it. Sometimes I don't get alerts, or I will get them like crazy. Also, it says the pet won't go to sleep unless you turn off the light, but it falls asleep on me during the worst possible times and I can't do anything about it. Edit My pet was in great condition. Two hours later it was dead. Wtf Glitchy app. Don't bother
Won't even start. Fails every time I try to open. Stole 1.99 from me as far as I'm concerned.
It is not nearly as fun as I thought it would be. A total waist of my money
Won't even start. Paid for an app that won't even open. Startup fails 100 of the time. Not impressed. I mean really.
Can i get a refund My pet dies without notice. I can never get it to wake when it needs to eat. This app isn't good.
Needs a bit of work The beeping sound from the minigame will keep going even when you finish or exit the game. Please fix
Works 110 times. Had this app for less than an hour before getting too frustrated to want to use it.
