Was doing good until today's so called update was up nearly around 400 and have been sent back to beginning so going to uninstall the game
Jimmy Same again, after upgrade sent back to the start. Not happy. Uninstalling the game and telling my friends to do it too.just put it on Facebook too. There lucky I can't do  stars lot of time wasted on this crap. Had over 350 stars.
Can someone explain to me how when u need the shields u never get them and when u don't need them u can't get enough if them and as for the spins the amount of times u get 5 or 10 thousand in a row is shocking sure there's no point in writing this as none of you ever answer my questions anyway
Don't waste your time I enjoyed this game in the beginning,  but I've noticed that no matter how many 'spins' you get, you can't land on what you need. Yea, you win a lot of money and build up your island, but if you can't protect it, what's the point You'd  think with 100 spins, you're bound to land on one little defense shield, but nooo. I will never put real money into this game if your odds are completely based on some algorithm.
Was fun at first but it's way too hard to move up islands, and once you reach a certain point the wheel does not even give you anything useful. I'm pretty sure that the game is rigged like other players have suggested.
update issues after last update,  the sound effects are absolutely horrible. i can't even control the volume. also no defense in the last 3 days. which right after i updated the game. all my friends having the same problem.  if u can't fix this we are going to uninstall. ..this is ridiculous. ..we spent money on this game
Approx 70 spin and no steal,can you change the position steal to 1000 or 5000,becos 10 out of 7 is 1000 or 5000
Sucks.  Where is the back button New update is really so bad it was very nice before this update it was faster than that and when move up to get back or to get exit the button back is disappeared pleaaase Fix it
People take notice of what people are saying This was a good game  prior to this week I'd have given it 5 stars. I've contacted the company by email numerous times. They haven't sorted it out  pretty much ignored me       Do not purchase spins
IT'S A SCAM This game is a straight joke Do NOT DOWNLOAD Read the comments below the wheel is fixed I don't care what the makers say they are full of it and they're constantly asking me to put my Facebook information in and I still can't log in. Really fishy stuff. I'm deleting this app and I'll be back to check every week to make sure my review is here or I'm reporting this game.
Money stealing Every time I try to buy workers for my island it steals my money.fix this and I make 3 stars and answer this comment and I give 5 stars.
Wheel not random The wheel is not random. 80 of the time it lands on low coin payouts. I actually accurately predicted what it would land on 12 times in a row. I dislike rigged chance games, for that reason i'm uninstalling. I gave it two stars because the overall concept of the game is good and quite unique.
Dumb game Pointless game 5 spins ever several hours I played for 10 minutes had over a million in money apparently people can just steal over a million leaving u with ot much just too time consuming things in store to buy for your island overpriced u spin the wheel when u can u dont make much  just ridiculous so now im uninstalling not worth it after having that much stolen at once.
Poor I think you guys need to remove 100k, steal, extra spins, defend. Because only 5000 and 1000 are the 1's we get. This spin is automated This is a controlled spin. Any good programmer kindly start a similar FAIR game. This is not a FAIR game. Game is designed only for MONEY and not for customer satisfaction Very poor
Time waster Have been playing this everyday for many months until they 'updated' it this morning and now i have lost everything and back to the very beginning...so angry....will be deleting..
Used to be good This game used to be good, but now the wheel never gives the good prizes.  3 days of playing my full 50 spins every time it fills and no defense, no attack.  Just the little money amounts.  My island is getting obliterated What a rip, bet it gives you the good stuff if you pay for the spins....
Not random enough Goes through regular cycles....not really random.... Sort it out or my rating goes to 1 with negative comments to match a 0 rating....Nuff said
Stupid I never write reviews especially bad ones but I'm just getting tired of the stupid spin system and only seeing 1,000 after 1,000 after 1,000.  It's really dumb and not entertaining if that's all you are going to give to someone who would like to play your game.  Will be uninstalling right after this.
Was going really good until the stupid update wouldn't let me play at all saying that it can't connect. Even tried uninstalling then reinstalled still wont even get past the loading screen. not happy
Glitch Every time I get so far in this game, I'll go back the next day and find that my items have been taken away You have all these other similar complaints and have done NOTHING TO FIX IT
Update is really bad It dunno y it started to load while attacks...it takes ages to load...kindly solve the issue
Shit game It is an unfair game, I can't believe my friends can steal me 3 or four time at once, but I can't get only onetimesteal. Always putting me on attacking all the time.
Waste of time and money 209 MB, half the time it wont load making you uninstall it then reinstall it, Wheel is disgustingly rigged, support staff are useless, item costs are RIDICULOUS Takes forever to update when you get attacked or stolen from, makes you log into Facebook just to log into the app, the list goes on, if there was an award for worst gameapp ever this one would definitely be a finalist. No wonder there are so many inactive players onin it.
If you are not going to spend  money,  don't install Once again, almost finished island and haven't had a shield for 225 spins. Get fed pirate kings Your game is so obviously and blatantly ripping your players off to attempt to make us spend money Had enough...bye
Rubbish update Spent months playing this with 6 yr old grandson. New update has wiped all our work Really cross and my grandson will be deeply disappointed. Bad decision to update I will be uninstalling this. What a shame.
