Doesn't work on DNA How is it that these games all worked on a 2 yr old Thunderbolt. But don't work on a quad core phone. None of the nfs games and very few other ea games work on newer devices. I was trying to cut some slack and give them time to get things working, still waiting.
New update stil doesn't work... When I got new phone Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G last few months ago.. on this new update doesn't fix on my phone.. it's keep shutter when playing like before.. same older version... it's uncontrolable when it shutter...  very dispointment..  please fix it.    Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Android 4.0.4 Not root  By the way.. my phone is same power as Samsung Galaxy S3 processor
Don't waste your time I've had this app for over a year and only used it for maybe a month. After that I got a new phone and since then when I download it it just crashes. No customer support.
Take your  get nothing I paid for and installed this game on my Galaxy S6....I get error 5002. Ok...now what, can I please have my money back for this app that doesnt work UPDATE I just went to eamobile to get support and found no access for my situation....I want a refund, you guys arent stealing my money Contact me so you can fix this
Server error Wouldn't download the 300mb before and now it says server error 5002, since the February update.  Has never worked, not for one minute on this tablet.  Dell streak 7 wifI HC 3.2 unrooted
Error 5002 on Galaxy Note 4 Can't play the game at all, get error code 5002 and am asked to confirm my country and given a link that doesn't go anywhere.
ATTENTION DON'T BUY Does not work. Complete rip off, I don't know how they are still allowed to stay on the Android market knowing that they are selling games that don't work for over half of the consumers. AGAIN...DON'T BUY Wish I can give no stars as a rating
Not authorized. Thanks EA.  After playing halfway through the game and not playing for a week or so I now get an error saying the game isn't authorized on my device.  Wth EA  Now I have to uninstall, reinstall, and redownload that 400mb data pack  This will be the last EA game I pay for, that's guaranteed.
Doesn't load. Will not load on S5 Android 5.0. Will let you download the app, but doesn't work when doing the assest download. Says incompatible. Still not fixed for 2 years..
won't let me play I bought this from there google play store for FIVE BUCKS and now every time i open it. it stress there it's a server error and i should ask customer support how to fix it
Won't work I installed and did everything. The app just starts the crashes The effort put into this game isn't enough. I have enough space on my phone so the app would work but it didn't work. I would please like a refund of the amount of money I put into the app. Thank you
Doesn't work Tried on two devices and they both say Server Error. Went to their website and it doesn't even say they have it for android.
Nexus s ... After update, game won't open, screen just flashes on and off... have no problems with need for speed shift... need a fix.... or money back...
Worked in my old phone but after upgrading to my new phone, it is giving me a error message. Don't waste your time
Installed but....... OK so it installed but get the famous 5002 error. After researching found a solution download a huge file, place in sd card,then boot the game with Internet off, and and it works Great right No this is the dumbest solution please fix can't play game unless Internet is off
Not supported Purchased through the web, said my device WAS supported.  Attempted to start up the game, said my device Was Not supported. Please fix.... ICS 4.0.3 Asus eeepad transformer.
Never again If u don't change the error code for all the people who it happens to inclouded me... I will tell all my friend that your games are crap and don't work FIX IT... I paid money and I can't even play it
TF700 fail Complains it has a server error after installing on my tf700...worked fine before on my tf101.  This is the second EA game I've purchased that doesn't work on the next device I buy.  No wonder EA is having problems, they can't sell games for fear of having them stolen.
CANT PLAY  STOPED WORKING AND I PAID FULL PRICE WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT WAS FUN BUT WASTED 5  FOR A USELESS GAME.  Installed on my new phone. Optimus G. Opens, then just restarts in a loop. Cant play. Wont buy another game from them. Would give zero stars if i could. Just want to play the game i paid for.
I want my money back Ok so it opens and shows the EA symbol but then the 5002 error shows up. Then it tells to go to some website and go to customer support link but there is no link. Please fix the game so it can run on android version 4.4.4 or samsung galaxy s5. Or else I want my money back in soon
Still Get Server Error 5002 cant update Cant install updates getting Server Error message 5002 Tried everything from force closerestartreinstall on my Samsung GS4
Transformer  prime. Ovrclocked Keeeps fc for no reason and im past my 15 min refund option. F.U. EA thats why they got voted the WORST company EVER. GOOGLE IT
Unhappy Why the hell does it need 300 Mb. Couldn't you tell us before we waste money for no reason. You should've said it was 308 mb. I want a refund. Perfectly good 5 dollars have been just taken. This game use to be in my wishlist.
Error 5002 Was able to download game for 50 cents. Cool.  Will not let me download additional update, I keep getting error 5002.  EA help email address is a joke. you get a auto reply stating to go to the website.   EA's website is not user friendly and you are forced to sign up and register just to get help.  Really Really bad customer service.
Do not purchase, was fun once I was able to play on an older phone.  Now with a Note 3 only error messages come up when i try to start the game.  Specifically a server error 5003.  NFS Shift works well on my phone. It now no longer works on my older phone. It cannot get past the update check.
will not open on transformer prime ics After 300MB additional download completes just get EA graphic flickering and will not load game. have tried reinstalling and redownloading and got same unload able game.  if not compatible with ics or prime it should be noted and not be available for purchase on device
5002 error same as dead space I was so happy that both of my favorite games finally work on my dell streak 7 since it show up on the market. However, it's not. i got 5002 everytime i start up the game and won't let me download the content to play the game. Please fix this.
