Appointment Cancellation is difficult Your appointment IDs are 7 digits long while the appointment cancellation screen in app allows entry of 6 digits only. I bet you did not know this either and want me to send screen grabs
Filter sucks and money based ratings
Not user friendly interface I don't know why my interface is different from my other friend's interface but I seriously don't like it. It's even not showing me relevant Dr.
Satara city not there
Not Transparent Hiding negative feedback The app is quite useful specially in big cities but the bad part is Practo is hiding negative feedbacks about doctors.. Today when many Doctors are nothing more than businessmenwomen, negative experiences of patients are necessary to judge which doctors charge for unnecessary tests or recommend costly medicines.. Make your app transparent and it will be worth 5 stars...
Very much disappointed Standard is going on down.... My name is not at all visible in searching option either with clinic, profession, locality........ Bakwassss
Hopeless Such poor tech support. Nobody in their tech department knows anything. Everything happens very slowly at practo. Annoyingly slow  Its almost like they are incapable of doing their job 
Rubbish I booked an appointment, got a confirmation, called the clinic on the way there just to reconfirm and the receptionist tells me the doctor isn't in today. What's the point of this app Might as well call the clinic directly.
Pathetic Pathetic service... Booked an appointment, got confirmation as well but there was no intimation at doctors clinic. In fact when we contacted practo for the same they had no clue
This app is just to help doctors to increase business. One can not rate doctors poor service or negative feedback as doctors pay them. Don't go with there recommendations. Use to just locate hospitals. This can not be the platform on deciding which Dr to choose.
Worst user interface for doctors This app is having worst user interface for doctors... Very tough to register... I wasted around 30 mins but no result... Hence uninstalling....
Very bad I would not recommended any one to use practo bcoz its data not up to date false old and not corrected west of time better to use Google map best
Unusable I get sms from VMPRACTO that an appointment has been booked. Some minutes later,  I get an sms from DMPRACTO that the appointment has been cancelled. The contact number in this sms cannot be connected.  The app still maintains that the  appointment is valid. There is no contact information in the app to verify this issue. In short,  the process is ridden with confusion and doubt.
