Problem Its good but please check the app cause its always showing error in connecting with server whenever i check for running status of any train. It causes a lot of inconvenience. Please have a look at this app Mr.Rahul Chaudhary.
india rail enquiry by efinite is better than this it requires u to remember train number to get its status..and show connection error many time..i uninstalled it an installed the one in heading...its light nd fast nd has every thing..
Works too much slow, n always shows fetching Data. My last app was awesome Indian Rail Info, it has been removed, it was a simple n fast app, immediate it works for u, like if I search train it shows immediately, n this app always shows fetching data, n stucks a lot,, increase speed of this app so people will give 5 stars tu you.
It can't work now after updation After the recently update, it can't shows the seat availability between stations nor it shows any train information... kindly fixed the bug nd resolve the probs...
waste this apps shows al time error like PNR,FARE ENQUIR,SEAT AVAIL, hello frnds i request him to plz dont download this plz
Very very poor application The worst application I ever used. Never gave me correct results. Always gave me server error while other applications worked perfectly fine. Total waste.
Worst App Don't even try to download this app. You'll be wasting your 1 mb data by downloading this useless app.
not showing live train status....error coming is unable to connect with server
Complete waste Not able to find available seats from valsad to Mumbai in double decker train...tried all class combination...feel like tearing this app apart...
Really needs to fix running status Please fix the problem that not showing showing runing status which is as much as needed by user othrwise unistalling....  Hmmm
Unistalling it....not worth using it Train running status doesn't work at all.... U have to keep trying desperately... It's not worth using it..
Too poor Does anything in this app work I haven't been able to make a single PNR enquiry ever. Each time the server is down
Totally crap app. Designing needs improvements. Very hard to use. Most of the time shows no results.
Getting error while checking pnr always... Useless app Failed  Sorry We are not able to locate information for this PNR xxx. Please try again later.  Possible Cause  Server Down Incorrect PNR
Dont have all station codes and if entred full city name says spelling mistake. Only for big city seat avalibilty
Railway This app is duffer. Don't install it. Its not to able to provide the correct information of indian railway. UnInstall it now. BAWAS
Total embarrassing Its just waste of time dont install... Better go for ixigo...
Complete horrible app Doesn't work at all... Every time showing problem in connection though I m having a very good internet speed and connectivity...
Chutya app dont download Always it showing error in connection....  Rahul you fool why you made like this bakwas and irritating app with to much add.... Go to hell...
