Filters doesn't apply to the pictures. What happened to this app It used to be my favorite but it has gone down hill. Frequent updates but doesn't fix any issues that the customers have. Whats the point
So so for android version heard so much rave abt this app so decided to dl....but to realised otherwise....My photo did not fit e instant film which I purchased it.... there is a black rim  ard my photos within e frame .... the unfit issue will not show out in e app before saving but u will realised in ur gallery....PLS FIX IT.... it will be gd if we can preview e pict before we post... alot of work need to be done for android version
Why are we paying for an app that will charge  you again for the good stuff You pay for the app and then have to buy packets with the good stuff like borders, filters and so on. Very disappointed 3 do like the basic editing option.
Not as good as the iPhone Photo settings doesnt work as good as it does on the iOS version, e.g. Clarity controls. Big fan of the iOS version, not so much with this one. Prefer VSCO cam.
Overrated I was excited to download this app. I've heard so many good things. Never before have I been so wrong. This is a glorified version of the app PicsArt, which is completely free and can do more than this.
Pictures I can't apply any filters or anything because it keeps crashing and the photo disappears. Please help fix this,
This app used to work perfectly for me but for the past two months it has been crashing every time I try to make certain adjustments. Really disappointed because this used to be one of the best editing apps.
Hate the Android version I've been using Afterlight for several months on my iphone and when I changed my phone to the Android phone, I was disappointed. I loved the iOS version so much especially the Wander pack but the Android version Just a basic photo editing tool that does not worth our money. The features and filters aren't worth it. Please fix this issue, i.e update the Android version. Thank you.
Not What I Expected I bought this app a while back and I expected it to be better. The filters aren't all that great and the clarify feature is eh. I end up using VSCO Cam and ignoring this app. I want to love Afterlight so badly but I don't see it happening.
It sucks First off, if you're using this app when you have a samsung s6, you wasted your money. I mean the little effects are cool, but samsungs s6 photo editor that's built into the phone is way more advanced than this app. Don't waste your money on this app.
Rubbish Uninstalling If you want an app that forces close when editing, lacks features offered to other platforms, provides no updates and a Developer who Evades its paying users then this is the app for you Keep the .99 cents and iap you need it more then me.
Not work after upgraded to Lollipop Don't work with my ASUS Zenfone5 after upgraded to Lollipop. When I open the app it show sorry, seems like you haven't download this app from store. I buy this app from the store, not got it for free.
Not so different from free apps out there This app doesn't offer much more than you can get in other photo editing and framing apps. It's okay, but nothing special. You also have to deal with a ton of inapp purchases.
Crash This app crashes everytime I try to edit a picture. It's a great app just frustrating.  It's annoying to pay for something you can't use even if for a buck.
Um... needs fixing So it was great for like a month, but now when I try to do anything with a picture, it takes forever to load, and when it's done it completely deletes what I was doing. It does it every time I try doing a single thing and it makes me sad cuz I used to love this app. Please fix.
Bug Fixes What are b...ugh fix...es Not sure how an app update containing bug fixes could make a dysfunctional app even worse, but you guys somehow managed to pull it off. I really loved this app before all the updates, but now I find myself asking, Why did I actually pay money for this app
Crashes Very powerful editing app but it crashes every time I try to use it and erases all my edits before I can save the photo. I'd love to actually use this app and it's a shame that it's worthless.
A powerful weapon without bullets Probably the best image editing app I've tried on Android OS, probably also the less working. Afterlight has the right tools, balanced to reach impressive results for a camera phone's sensor, but crashes everytime something else is running. Please commit and do your best, I'm very engaged and disappointed.
Fantastic App But... The new updates need to be released to nonapple users. I want to edit my photos just as well or as interesting as others, but of course, android users are just pushed aside and ignored. Also, when trying to apply or adjust a setting on a photo, it crops out a large portion at the bottom of my photo so that i cant see it.
