Faasoos cheater Faasoos cheated me. It promised me to give referral money but it didn't gave when I tried to enquire about this I was told that it is in process and it would take 56 days. This is not fair. Person who want to eat something cannot wait for 5 days. I hope management should look after if they promise customers.
Just for the other people who are even trying Not worth it they are not even able to place order can't trust them to get you food tried several time there server always fails...one star just for the sake of have to give...
They cheat you. Ordered a Breakfast for Champions. It was delivered late and then it was delivered without sausages. Please guys, don't download this app and waste your time and money.
They dont reply to messages in chat section. I hve referred this app to sumone bcoz of which i am to get some credit.. i hve forwarded them order details. But now neither they are replying nor giving me my credits. I hve experienced it once more in the past..
No coverage in 90 of India. Only major cities are covered. No coverage for 90 of the Indian cities. Not everyone lives in metro cities. If your app doesn't work for most people.. You should first think about doing the groundwork not the forced advertisements through other apps to gain more downloads. Deeply disappointed.
No offer on first app Very poor service i tracked my order ....42 mints over ....delivery boy didn't came...almost 1.5 hour wasted....i am still waiting ....customer case is not taking phone........How will u survive in the future 
Not convenient This app needs a good and strong Internet to work. Definitely not a convenient app to use. And what's with all the taxes. An order that comes to 220rs goes to 300. If you want delivery charges then mention that. Don't fool me in the name of taxes.
Worst service Never expected this from you FAASOS.. First thing do not make false promises to your customers this certainly creates a bad image for you. And secondly please train your customer care executive.. Train them how to treat their customers and how to talk to them.
If u have only 5  4 city of india then why u wast time of other city peoples by giving big ads very very bogus app 3 rd class
Cheaters Dont ever use fasoos.i had 150rs in my wallet yesterday the wallet balance was 0.i called the customercare they said put screenshoot in chat with us option i did that after that their rply was in our system its showing u have ur money in wallet again i sent them the screenshoot i think its no use because they are beggers take that 150rs as tip fasoos
Worst experience I try to order in faasos using coupon code chn20, it gives 5 discount instead of 20. When i try with new coupon code grabcash, it gave 1 discount instead of 5. The worst part is when I try to contact customer service regarding this, it repeats ivr voice for 15 min. When I try to chat with them, there is no response. Do u ppl really know the meaning of customer care is
Bad experience Train ur delivery men properly, he dropped the folk on ground which he picked up and gave to me ,what was I supposed to do,eat with that  When i asked for another folk he was not having any ,also u guys do not look for our convenience , jst because I was not having change I had to pay extra as ur guy was not carrying any ,which otherwise he should.not expected from fassos.
Quantity too little They claimed that their Jumbo feeds 2 persons however it is just about enough for one. Felt cheated.
Dear team Faasos  Super Bad Service, Make you team learn how to handle the customers . I had a word with an executive called Fareedmanager , make him learn how to handle customers. I had made an order of id 1354759. This order was made 56 mins ago and your was asking for more 45 mins.Finally i have cancelled the order and I am a regular customer.I will make sure that I will  prefer other food delivery service over you .Hats off for your superb service.
Improve your app efficiency The fasos app specially the mobiKwik sucks really. Payment gateway is unable to send OTP even with multiple attempts. First show your service in clean way after that only distribute the pamplets of your new schemes. Very disappointed
Required improvement.... Quality is not bad...but what is the combination of rice with paneer lababdar and jeera aaloo.give extra chapaties instead of rice. Not necessary that everybody like rice. Thali rate is 169 so provide chapati with butter. Required very improvement.
Just a waste of data The menu is completely blank in most of the category like Rice Combos, Chinese, ext. N where ever I found the list, it's just two to three dishes r hanging out there, sorry to say but u guys need to work more on it , if any one launching suchlike app they should also b clear that, make a good list of food, so please don't waste ur money on making adds just spend it to make ur product work.                          Thanks n Best of Luck
Please use GPS to give order to nearby store My order was placed 20km away from my house. Even after clearing that up, it never got delivered. In app it just shows order is placed. It would be good if someone is there to address customer concerns. Also, the chat with me in app is more of a notification thing with no replies to queries. I personally appreciate your food so much and delivery used to be prompt but now customer service is going under the drain I guess.
Horrible... Stop this Just placed an order....  Paid through mobiwik...  No confirmation...  Called to customer care and they said we didn't get money...  Call mobiwik...  First get your basic right....  Don't be stupid....  Now I have to raise a dispute with my bank to get my money back. .   If you don't want this trouble stay away from these unprofessional people
Fraudster I have paid fasoos order amount by using mobikwik wallet and as it is said that by paying through mobikwik I will get a 30 percent money back in wallet, but I didn't get yet..... you disappointed a lot fasoos
Glitchy Your application does not respond to your API result after transaction and thus never moves on to order statustrack order. There is no option in the navigation drawer to access current order's state .. Test thoroughly before releasing... And while you're at it let me know my order status
