Useless app Plz upgrade your all airtel money user from regular account to power account.i want to be power account user.you should remove restriction on transfer money from  airtel money wallet to bank account.after 48 hour.and one more thing iam unable to load money through icici pocket visa debit card.plz rectify this issue.you should add icici pocket debit card in your payment options.thanks
Worst App Never works It's better to Dial 400 This is officially the worst mobile recharge application ever made Airtel Money is a good service but it's app sucks It's better to dial 400 if you want to use your Airtel Money account. Every time I tried to recharge any number, even my own number it gives some or the other error but never works...
Nice This apps is best working .but I load a money from our Bandhan bank debit card so not properly work ,see errors massage display is GETAWAY VALUE IS NULL OR EMPTY
Unable to make payments Says  oops something went wrong try again later all the time. Not able to recharge. Been like this since 7 days.  Lastly I recharged my DTH using the app n after that it never works. Even my card details is stored already which I can't resetdelete  even after uninstalling app which creeps me out.  Is it a security threat   Plz fix.
Wrong display  of telecom circle 1. When I enter Himachal number it display Haryana operator, when I enter Haryana number it display Himachal operator, please update it. We have to select the operator and manually for both the states.   2. When we have to enter DTH number there is numeric keypad and when we have to enter mobile number we found there alphanumeric keypad . It is very difficult to type mobile number through alphanumeric keypad
Mee airtel ac dabbulu dibbichukovalani anukunrunnara aithe randi airtelmoney lo cherandi Arunachalam garu mee 100 crores ala karchupettalani choostunnara aite airtel lo join kandi         worst service ali baba airtel donga inka   0
very bad customer uncare sweta from bharti airtel 1. loot from internet from customer cell balance as laila service. ask a doctor etc. does not refund to customer. 3g rate is going by  very high. Idea is best for 3G. Airtel money has no offer at all. Airtel will be like Nokia and Samsung soon. high lose. low productivity.I want it to be done
Application is very bad If any customers of sbi bank want to use it then this app. Is very wrongful chosen by them.  Becoz this app. Is not able for netbanking for sbi customer. There is needs to update this also other app of airtel like my airtel. Many of time i also reminded them about this mistake but developer of airtel not understanding this. So i suggest to plese think before install it.
Recharge issue You should have two option for recharge one is top up and another is special becoz if u use net pack it comes in main balance
Update all best offer When typing a airtel number for recharge your apps show best offer on bottom. But don't show all the best offer, e.g. full TT offer . Kindly take necessary action for showing all the offer that shows on dialling 121.
Poor airtel offers airtel special offer 1gb 3g  228 useless very high cost than other networks
Just of no use Its not supporting either SBI debit cards or SBI net banking. SBI is one of the leading banks in India. So useless
Nice but profit less Even we recharge or load money no xtra amount has given by airtel money atlesh 1 percent it can give
Bad sarvice I transferred the 5000rs in my account before 10 days but still not receive my amount in account , airtel money sarvice provider is very poor , exicutive everyday giving me excuses, they are ignoring to me , cheater company, guys don't use airtel money ,it's very bad for u
Not good Today i loaded 300 rupees but didnt recvd the amount....but the money got deducted from my bank. Itz a fraud.
Best for recharge But I want paid other companies bills like Voda, Idea etc. But I cannot paid by this application. Please modify application
Is this system profitable for professional recharge shop How we know profit and commissions of each transaction to customer. I m recharging. To customer but never added extra commission to my wallet
Wrong operator  wrong circles guide Idea  voda Haryana circle k mostly numbers ko Himachal ke number show karta he ye Airtel money app
FAQ should be displayed There should be an option to view FAQ on home page so that new users can understand the process..learn from vodafone mpesa
Worst Worst.. 1. Tata indicom is showing BSNL recharge details 2.about 50times I tried to recharge but failed... I loaded 3k now I fear how to use that money......
I Please add connection to my father mother brother Airtel money in you one app if it done then I will give you five star
Absolute Fraud Don't use it Note the following Airtel money transaction Ids and the payments made to Uber on 7th Nov'15, all at the same time i.e. at 523 am.  555186918  Rs. 71.94 555186917  Rs. 73.68 555186916  Rs. 45.00 555186915  Rs. 73.66 555186914  Rs. 73.08 555186913  Rs. 72.79 555186912  Rs. 63.99 555186909  Rs. 84.37  A total amout of Rs. 558.51 has been deducted from my Airtel money account for no ride taken. My Uber account still shows some debit on trying to book a new ride
Worst It won't accept ur loaded money to send to bank. Then whats the use of this app. They are playing with people money.
Load money feature does not work properly This app is good but whenever I tried it load money through this app it doesn't work. Really fed up with it
Does not work on Vodafone internet connection Whenever I want to transaction through it then it seems to be u r not online
