It stopped opening up after updating I have updated the app and it now do not start just hangs on first loading screen. My phone is motorola e and i tried it on motorola g2. Shows error while submitting request.
Poor performance of current version Unable to access pathetic since months facing the issue still no resolution in current version...Instead ebery time I open the app it shows Invalid session
Invalid Session Error Hated it It was working good earlier but now m irritated with this Invalid Session error. The moment I click on the app, the progress bar starts and then Invalid Session error pops up. This is worst, its a banking app nd such kind of thing is happening. You should shut down this mobile banking services if you are not able to maintain it.
Kotak bank app was such a easiest way 2 banking ever i seen before, but d problem starts with update and unwanted error only, update has to be optional, but we did not download d update means this app is not working, y lik tis, all the social and other apps are not like tis.
Not good Gui No user support. Fake application with fake option . investment and demate link not working only make customer to fool to open accout.i allready mailed you problem with snapshot don't ask me remail.
Invalid session error even after latest update Its shows Invalid session. Even the latest update didnt fixed it. Fix it urgently
App does not open after upgrade After upgrading to version 4.0.3, the app did not open up even once. It shows up a popup window with the message Invalid session and shuts abruptly. The previous version of 4.0.2 was better.
Should also give the option to register an account for fund transfer. Its really annoying to check the IFSC code everytime you have to transfer money
App issue Hi team you guys need to add an option to update adhar on kotak app as all bank application have these rights
System is not able to process The moment I opened the app..it is showing system is unable to process.. Please try again...I could not open the app for the past 1 month..
Pathetic The application is pathetic, nothing seems to be working properly, I was not even able to see my account summary ... It's a matter of shame for bank like this.
