Fake app No deal for Rs 1. Making people fool by changing the deal time to next week. Yesterday I see 12 hrs to start the deal n now I see its a week time to start the deal. Bad app. Please do not install it in any case.
MSP is cheating I have invited more than 8 friends and they have installed app but i have recieved only 4 friends credit. My smart price is cheating
Fake app This app shows that the offer will come in 12 hours , but when you check it after 10 hours , it shows that the offer will be active after 7 days and 2 hours later. Plz dont install this fake app. There's no 0 star rating here else i would have given one
cheated thr r no discount or bachat offer.. all r costly...so guys don't install nd waste ur time on this faltu app
Fake App It shows false at website. Nothing costs Re1. Fake App. Bakchodi giri h saala. its Happy Hours is Scam. Making all users fools
Bad app So many hidden charges in offer. Don't download this app. Fake fake app.
Fraudulent app Good for nothing.happy hour deals is a scam.
This is fraud That Rs. 1 deal is sham.. I checked for two weeks.. On Saturday it says it will go live on Sunday.. On Sunday it says it got over on Saturday. Screw you
F A L T U This aap is very fake. There is no Sunday offers. Fake app..
 Need some improvement ,.more than a month gone but didnt receive msp coins yet even after providing all the details including invoice
They are very smart Hello guys, here i want to say that they are very smart because they started new trick for getting users refers to their mysmartprice to paytm, snapdeal  etc so they can earn when they refer us.. By using a affiliated program by ecommerce store.. So they simply earn when you buy
Foolish Only fooling around, fooling for offers might be fooling for products too do not use app for offers waste of time
No star I will report consumers courts for making people fool for grabbing deals  in Reading 1
Old version was better than the update one when ever click on an product page show no internet connectivity
Not good Single product is showed if we click on it .similar products of same features and price are not shown like other shopping apps
Didn't work referal system
FAKE FAKE FAKE It's disgusting they show me a deal of Rs.1 and sad to grab it download the app and when I download it got nothing there crazy I hate it don't download it guys
Naveen Fnds don't use this app worst app I have not seen like this app
Fake app. I have referred to another but deal not unlocked. This is only for marketing. So guys don't west your time.
Making fools Just don't downloaded fake app
POOR Can't Remove items from wish list  Moto E XT1022
Fake app Fully cheating
Fake Fake app I already done 5 referral I got the 100 rs voucher but it's not valid  don't down this wasting of tym
Faltu app h kuch nhi milta h koi choose mat karo
This is not available in US dollars. Deals are not of value.
Use less Pls guys don't download it bakvass hai app
Not working my samsung s7562 I try open this app not open in my phone
Not trusted Prise not match to original.....
I referred 5 friends But I am not able to redeem the coupon on PayTm
Useless and wast of time I downloaded this app 1 monday but it was showing that deal will start in on coming Sunday i waited for sunday but then again it is showing that i have to wait for 7 days .....they are just making chuttiya...
Wtf Unfavourable circumstances created not provide cashback form
