Worst services Because Indian bank mobile banking new activation is very easy.customer friendly not means customer support will not get easily.even our registered mobile number also not get OTP.always can't walk bank.atleast change and open with confirm with id  mobile no.with new user's like indian bank.neednot walk to bank.please. update with comparative banks.due to this they r leader in the market.
Bad app compare to other bank Don't downlaod this app. It will use your sms and cost your sms charges. Where as other banks application is not using your sms for useing app. And also bob has not mentioned that service provider will cost an sms charges.
Requires update This app has some sections that are not working properly like      1.beneficiary deregestration,                                                          2.Bsnl Recharge are not working                                                             3.Lastely it can only able to do topup and facility for other kind of recharge like net packs or other are'nt available  in other banks mobile banking apps like ski.
Nothing is working after new update It says connection fail plz check ur netwrk... though dre complete netwrk of 3g m unable to enter password even.
M pin What is m pin and why detailed information is not available about that......I am not able to check even the statement.....which m pin shall I enter....
Perfectly THAKI HUI app... 3g use karte hue bhi ye app zatke khati hai... or wahi dusri bank ki app super sepped me work karti hai... bob ki app to seaching, please wait, na jaane kya kya dukhti hai or last me unable to lade data plz try after some time... what a joke...
Nothing is working after the latest update It used to work like charm but after recent update I can't access my account via this app.  It just keeps loading but nothing comes up aefter that.  It just asks me to check my inbox.
Crippled app Does not fetch all accounts linked to customer Id. No option to pay credit card bills, something most other apps allow. Avoid.
I cant request for cheque book from mobile banking I cant request for cheque book from mobile banking. Let me know how can i order cheque book ll change rating cause other wise application is good. But this main feature is missing.
Two Accounts with same Customer Id but Can't Fetch.. In This Application, The Secondary Account Can not Fetch with same Customer Id and It should Be fix soon . Please Fix this problem as soon as possib
What is wrong with this app The app is not working properly after the success of first  transaction. The transactions are not completed. It is always a failure even after confirming. What the hell is wrong with this app. Please Fix it as soon as possible.
A 5 star turned 1 star rating Was great on my Nexus 4, but on my One plus one's Full HD screen, the ui is fucked up and one word occupies the entire screen Willing to cooperate with the developers and provide logs and screenshots to remedy this. Was a great app otherwise
Cheater hai ye log Bakwaas service hai bhai log. IFSC me kuchh mistake ya fir account number me bhi mistake hota hai fir bhi balance debit ho jata hai  Refund bhi nhi aata hai.  complain krne pr koi action bhi nhi leta hai.
Waste of Time with BOB Worst service from BOB TEAM. Really govt. People wish sleep or don't want to do better job. I am trying to update my mconnect no. And its even not generate mpin. So many contact with mconnect team via email. They people just sleep. I strongly hate the BOB. And suggest HDFC. Which is best ever. Never care to reply to customers.
Time consuming For NEFT, every time I have to enter account number with relevant data but it should be automatically fetch from my beneficiary list similar to web Internet banking. In case of mobile application, other banks are far ahead of BOB app. Please consider my humble suggestion to make it more technologically advance to save time.
M connect activation Why should I again need to visit bank when I have all valid credentials for NET BANKING. Such red tapism prevents your customers to use the application. You should provide authentication through net banking.
Bakwas.app ..... My pin not work..without prior notice deactivate  fetch Second account coudn't fetch ..when i apply in bank for fetch second account ..my existing account also deactivated from app..i can't use app account from last 15days.i have already two other bank app but there is no problem..
Not a good app Dear friend s this Baroda mobile app is always shows error and shows connection could not be established, this is really Bullshits app, I don't know that anybody improving this app or not.
Very bad app This app is very inconvenient to use and very complicated, it always have technical problem to log in, Need to change mpin 100 time and it can't even do a simple job to view an account summary.
I can not operate my two different accounts at a time even if I have different passwords. still have scope for improvements.
Not able to connect It's not generating OTP..after  download I tried almost 510 min n then display message to check GPRS settings...why 
A lot to develop While doing recharge we have to type to Operator search string Instead of that you should provide the list of operators from where we can choose easily. And no one has that time to move to ATM every time they forget the mPIN.. There should be an alternative way to do so.
Fucking bullshit and they say India's international bank april fool Worst mobile banking app I've ever seen in my life please give 1 rating and uninstall this crap thing unable to register on atm or in branch every time I try to register via atm it says already registered and when I click on forget password then says mobile number not registered
