FIX THIS ISH Grrrrrrr Keyboard works but notifications still won't go away after they've been checked And now all pics won't show in gallery. With every update it's always some new glitch...
Can't log inworried user I logged out of my account. When I went to log back in, it kept signing me up as if I was a new user. My old account is still active and I can't even get in to delete my first account. I don't even know how to delete my new one How do I access my first account
No way to link user id to new phone I just bought a new phone last month and I installed glide on my note 5, only to find out that NONE of my video history was there. Glide gave me a whole new user id instead of giving the option to use my old id. Now I've lost a whole year of priceless videos and conversations with distant family and friends all over America that can't be retrieved.
Can't sign back in I logged out and now it makes me become a new user when I already have a account. Also my account has my old number to it so it won't let me access it from any other device... I also can't change my number on the account either
Sucks Works one minute,  then not the next    trying to connect to video server wtf is that kind of crap
Sister can't download When I sent an invitation to my sister she tried to download the app but it wouldn't let her download it.
Glide is a mess Didn't know it was another alternative for soft porn. These Ppl are sick in the head
Privacy breach Glide has no way of securing your videos if have to reinstall on a new number. If someone gets your old number there is no privacy for your old account. I made videos for my husbands eyes only and when i got a new number i contact glide to retrieve my old account and they informed me there was nothing they could do. This is good business Glide Do better please with peoples privacy.
I can't even watch the videos when I'm connected 2 wifi
Wont come up.. Cant get on again,needs to be fixed,quick...
Brought new phone transfer account over now I can't see none of my friends picture's  was good now it sucks.
