No email Won't open, no confirmation email, another worthless app.  Uninstalled don't waste your time.
It doesn't fly Like others,  I've not received the confirmation email,  either in my in box,  or spam folder.  As far as the app itself,  it still has a ways to go,  IMO in identifying birds.  Deleted
Never sends email to confirm Says to enter an email to receive confirmation and confirm within 5 days. .. NEVER get the email. . I've checked my spam folder.. it just doesn't come.   Done this a few times now... useless as it is.
Finicky, Fussy, Glitchy Login Process Login process is finicky, fussy, and glitchy for a basic information app that doesn't need the level of security it requires. Won't let me login using username or email, citing no Internet connection it was connected, good grief.
Uh... Useless I've had this purchased app for years now and I've always had a love hate relationship with it. Right now it's hate again. The last update really broke it for me. I can no longer load the range maps which I use the most. It's says I  must be connected to WiFi to download the map. 1 I AM connected to WiFi and 2 I'm NOT trying to download it, just view it. Can this be fixed
Audubon Birds Was a better format before it became a free app. Lost all my lists in the update and conversion. Log In is difficult and slow.  There is no helpline to retrieve lost lists. The email response to change password is delayed, not immediate.
Really irritated.  The app android insists on an email confirmation but although they say the mail has been sent, it is not being sent.  I've tried 3 different email accounts.  Monitored all the spam filters.  Nothing.  I really wanted this app, so very, very disappointed...
4 ebirds and no sighting for any other birds using first name Come on guys. WE PAY FOR APP   I can't even click to access account settings to update password and then logout but you shouldn't have to do that anyway. Not good
Sound will not work It worked for a while but the sounds no longer come up.
Birds app from Audubon Several species will not load songs. VERY frustrating for an app I paid good money for.
Having a problem I had a 5 day grace period to use the app without confirming my email. They send a confirmation email to me and when I confirm it, I can use the app all I want. The problem is I'm not getting the email. Now my grace period is over and I can't use the app.
Don't like Well I downloaded the app, it asked me to sign in with my email and I did that but then all it keeps saying is not a valid email in its form. Tried to sign in with fb but doesn't want to connect.
Stops working after 5 days App requires email confirmation yet won't actually send an email. Don't waste your time and just use Google. And yes I checked my spam folder
Can not sign in You must sign in to use the app but it claims my email address format is invalid. So i can not use the app. I have removed it from my Android  device.
Would not recognize my emails sayings they were an invalid format Imagine that Could not open.
Email confirmation Can't confirm the email because I haven't received it and it's not in spam. Tried different emails also. Looks like it would be great.
What has happened to this app It no longer shows recently seen birds. This needs to be fixed immediately
Email verification doesn't work Tried 3 different email addresses, no email received. No, it's not in my spam or junk mail folder. Installed Merlin the same day and had no problem with its email process.
