just hate it new updates, bad experiences, best function from old version are ruined or not working i.e. auto sum, save,  save formats, access to ext sd card, forcing to go premium.
Bad Update They limited legacy saving in free version.  I have used this app for years and they just turned off saving legacy .doc format unless you pay for full.  I've got dozens of documents already saved legacy I need to edit.
Can not now save as .xls and .doc and .ppt files Just a .xlsx and .docx and .pptx files I will give you 5 stars if u change it back, thanks
Adds Keeps giving these adds to buy the premium version of it.....  Have decided to uninstal it from my phone. I don't like repetitive adds specially when they popping on like a notification on my phone
Ruined It I bought this years back,  frequently  have to write them with my phone ID and get a new serial number.  Google Play shows as free version.  Now constant prompts for paid subscription.  I already paid once.  Take a hike and give me my 15 back.
Stop spamming my notification bar with nags to upgrade. It won't work anyway as you don't target me when I'm about to make a purchase decision. Keep the nagging in your app UI when it runs  thanks.  The Swedish translation of the description and what's new in Play Apps is of very low quality  seems machine translated. If you can't get a decent translation, remove it. I'd prefer the English text to gibberish that's supposed to be Swedish.
Don't compromise on performance for advertising We understand the need for ads to keep supporting your finances. We understand that we'll have to suffer through some ads to utilize this service for free. But it is disappointing when those ads come in the way of our work. The ads on your PDF viewer take up too much space at the bottom and prevent the whole page from being displayed. Kindly fix it. Soon.
Annoying I am so sick of daily notifications requesting to upgrade to premium. Basic is just fine. I will delete it and find another app that doesn't annoy me so much.
Advertising company Nice app but shows a lot of advertisement first try to fix it then ask for a review
Still unable to duplicate sheets and adjust column width and row height by inputting specific units. Dragging makes the whole sheet untidy. Now I have to use WPS office which is free to do that before opening the file in this app.
Irritating always Always irritating by saying to upgrade. When we are not interested to upgrade it should not repeat again. Fckng bullshit
Is there any rating lower please This is crap don't work right at all
Adds... They decided to start constantly bothering me about the premium version. Limit your adds to when the program is running Uninstalled.
Now full of adverts Used to be a great pdf reader, but lately the user is plagued with push notifications including at 2am and recurring bars in the app that block the view of the screen. It is unusable
No Openoffice support Just tried to open a .ods file for viewing not eve editting and it's asking for money. Forget it
Old version are gud office suite 7 is better than this
Useless They wanted to force me to pay or I couldn't save the files. Deleted
Takes 5 clicks to close it Older versions were better
Premium copy Because when I want to buy premium copy..its not responds and can not download it.
This application is good however I'm uninstalling due to app spamming me with notifications to upgrade to the paid version.
Does  not recognise  times roman font The  word documents ask for encoding when trying to open  documents...dont know  why.
It's good, but page should be bigger
