i hated it because it was sab sa bakwas app ha ya iss koi be download mat karna varna 13 mb barbad jangi iss sa accha tum apna nasdake wala restuturant sa pizza la aanana
They hide the less priced pizzas Where is the barbeque pizza and spicy one which comes under 100
Such an idiotic app do u ppl thnk u want dat bloody reviews also how many times vil u retrieve my address fools not even app is gettng opened its just keep on loading wt fr is dis  app it sucks N m uninstalling dis app also..
Worst app It is a worst app I have ever used for online food order.... Took a very long time to accept the order.... After three attempts payment deducted from my account  within a couple of minutes received the message from dominos that due to technical problem we are unable to accept the order... The payment would be refunded within a week.....  WTF...
Their policy of 30 minutes guarantee or free is fake Pizza arrived at my doorstep 7 mins later. When I asked there delivery boy to give Pizza.  He denied to give me pizza for free of cost and further called few members including their staff manager to my home for the payment for that pizza which i was supposed to be given free. Its all fake policy.
Couldn't use promo code It's very difficult to find promo codes for the app. And the codes work only on the website. So order through the website, not through the app.
Worst service My address is there in the app. I paid the amount online and later, domino person calls up that they do not deliver. Very very hopeless app to trust.
Still sucks balls. It's very slow, feels unresponsive, has totally outdated design. You guys run a multi billion dollar company and still can't make a frekin appwtf
Worse app Can't even valid form value poor validation can't place order due to that
worst app twice my money got debited from my paytm account and order was not confirmed
Buggy app Wait a long for SMS verification. Got 5 different verification codes and none of them are working
Hate it. This app is from 1 AD. Pathetic app. Slow as hell. Doesn't have the full menu as on Dominos website.
APP NOT WORKING APP NOT WORKING AFTER SELECTING ADRESS... PLEASE DO SOMETHING.
Raigarh Add raigarh c.g. in you app 
Says selected restaurant is offline. Poor UI
Should be rated a big zero Worst app ever.Not even able to open up the app.
Bakwas app. Waste of 13 mb ..  Ye send krta hai otp or kud he wrong bolta hai.
Pathetic app Always doesn't complete the order...  Technical reasons always it says...
Payment error always They'll never learn.  So one star
Bad ui Getting error while check out
Worst app  Please domino's pull Down this app from play store 
Useless App No option in settings to disable vibration in notifications
useless twice due to technical reasons order was not placed
Add satna mp in it...
This app sucks worst app ever used
Bad not able to pin location
