Worst When I call them there was no one 2 attend d call.    40 rupee gone.   Evoucher not valid every time.    Is this a joke or what. I m uninstalling it and I want my money back or give me anew voucher
Worst... App 90 rupees balancechla gya  without any use. Aur kuch order b nhi kiya apne aap hi pta nhi konsi service activate ho gyi h aur stop b nhi ho rhi Aur balance pr balance ja rha h.....
Mydala AAPS are not working,
Notification Hell Frankly the deals are decent, but I am going to their website. The app sends an insane volley of daily notifications. Uninstalling now.
totally bakwaas this is wrong way to pramote your business...
Stole my money Assholes....transaction keeps failing. Thieves. Uninstalled their app. MyDala...whatever
Frauds Even after buying n deducting d amount from our account they do not send any coupon codes. Frauds. N d customer care has no manners of talking.
It always stops in middle, and gives error report
Not good Not showing vouchers which I bought
Nothing is opening Downloaded the app. Whenever I open the app it gets stuck at main page where it's written My Dala. Har Baargain. Seriously, I'm using Vodafone 3g which is too costly and I'm regretting after wasting my data on such buggy app
Offers you want or have been looking for is already been sold and never available..while for rest of the available offers you don't need to waste your data..old trick in a new book..waste of time
Poorly developed app Asks for all sorts of permissions and access to your device but finally does not open. Saw a full page advertisement in ToI and decided to install it. Finally uninstalling it after using for few hours
Hangs I dont know why i am giving it a star even. From the minute i have downloaded the app its just stuck on the mainpage.
Stupid message We can't activate WhatsApp without internet as given in the post. It's simply deceiving.
Struck at main page Try to login but app is not opening. Waste of MB
Don't know your partner store
So confusing Not user friendly deals are so costly that can be redeem free from other apps or webapp..
Fake deals List fake deals, when clicked on buy shows sold out
Wrong contact no Merchant's contact no are fake
I have coupon but am not able to add it to mydala account.
Wtf.... I found error Error
