Totaly fake I have booked four times but never recieved any confirmation from ant saloon...totaly fake ..samething has happened with many of my friends...if any one wants to get proof i have.....
Appointment not fixed Everytime we fix any appointment, there is no conformation..customer care do not respond...worst service
Always cancelling the bookings When I book my slot,it will automatically cancelled.I just approach to that salon and ask what is the reason,they will tell ZIFFI not providing the money which customers uses.
I hate this Guys really it's worst don't trust I have choosen wallet BT saloon men's said they not dng for ziffi even though these people showing saloon in their list previously also got a problem don't believe it's really worst......
Booked many times. But didn't get confirmation. Do improve your service or your app would work only till people get cash in wallet through referral. If this problem persists then you won't be recommended by anyone and P.S  two of my friends reported the same problem and do try to rectify it so that we can use it more often n easily
Did not recieved my paycode Is this app fake Whenever i book a haircut appointmnt it always gets cancelled...giving reasons no appointment available today... n today i did not recieved my paycode...no phone call from zippi...why this problm occured...How to Delete my zippi account...
Worst Still now i didn't get any pay code when booking...worst...to say...maintaining zzz very poor...waste of time to booking...
Booking issue Twice I booked same salon purple strandz but didn't got the confirmation and when I checked directly with the salon they have slots available but via ziffi salon just say no available time today . It's a crap.
Bad service saloon Hey asked us to wait for half n hour coz their parlour girl was not der... later after 1 hr 10 mins rhey askdus to leave.... wtf.. that to night 830 it was emmergency n we could not evn go other parlour dat time
Disgusting service The company  hired for the service providers which are not well onboarded not even they are trained how to communicate with the customer. Had a bad experiences with one of the service provider. Behaviour was very rude nor even was willing to give the service. pathetic
Very Pathetic service. I didnt receive my service even after 3 days and they say few hours. Guys gear up. Pathetic interface of the app and you say product managers are onboarded. You so depressed me
Disgusting Service The booking has been cancelled thrice..when we are booking it says wallet payment available but once we reach sallon they will tell we stop accepting zifi appointments
Fair Fake app did not received any referral amount.would have given negative marking.
Fake app pathetic non existant service Totally crap app. Been waiting for payment code for a long time. Booked appointment but still salon says no info . Chat care waiting time is so much tht it will take another century fr them to cm on call.. pathetic fake app. M gonna report to consumer court..my money got stuck too. Every troubled person is given an email address which probably would reply by eternity
Not recievng ma pay code from past 5 hours jst hating bulshit dont try thzz
some saloon shoppers not accept the ziffi code. they says that the has an payment issue with ziffi. remove those saloon from your app. worst experience with KP hair express pune
I complained about paycode. But, repeating same mistake again and again. No use simply waste of time. Im not getting pay code.
I was booked  appointment They  are busy with another people with my appointment time, then why we need to take appointment and you  people giving appointment,  i went to that store 4 kilometres far away,  it is waste of time. Please friends dont believe  this app it is waste of time.
Worst app ever If you guys don't wanna serve customers properly then why do you develop such apps and waste our time. Your customer support is really bad, no one is picking the call itself. To call you guys itself I wasted a lot of money. AND YOU GUYS WON'T REPLY FOR OUR REVIEWS ALSO, WORST APP EVER
Ziffi Very bad. When I click verify option,otp is generated and when I go back to see otp and reopen the app, then again it shows verify option. Then how to fill otp. Evrrytime it generate new otp
Bad experience.. Terrible.. Never use this app U are asking for description for such a terrible services.. Wow.... I will help you guyz in demotion of your app. Just wait. My name is mayank. Even on social networking site. I will destroy your app just because of your services
Not so bad service, App is not good Once we miss the referral , there is no option of referring afterwards.
Idiots you are Booked number of times, but till nw not received any confirmation. Either u don't know how to run a business, or u guys are fooling
worst only one time my appt is confirmed after that no confirmation from any salons tried to book many times but no confirmation customer service never responds
Should improve For free its good if u add money to wallet then u become a big fool. Ziffi fare is quite  double of saloon fare.
Receptionist Receptionist should ask about purposes then supposed to take money . I booked first time but unfortunately this is last because of without any service I paid 200.mistake done by receptionist.
