Cant place the order only D When i select my dishes and go to the chekout window it says cant proceed i thought may be something wrong with the update i unistalled and installed it again..but no change so hello guys over there i cant place order only here forget the rest problems D
No validation on mob no Gave 9 digits in mob no while ordering n it accepted and placed order. Order was delayed a lot due to this. Please do basic validations or confirm by sending otp.
Secretly  stores Internet Banking  Password Hi, It seems that new update to app is now storing my internet banking user ID  password. I was shocked to see a small popup at the bottom of the screen which was displaying my password. Isn't it illegal  I have a snapshot evidence of it.
Couldn't apply coupon I applied a coupon which was only valid on 1st order. But due to some issue I couldn't complete the online transaction. After some time I tried to do the same but now the coupon wasn't valid anymore. WTH
The restaurant available for delivery to my area is getting lesser A few of the restaurants I used to ask for delivery were removed from the list.... it only left with some fast food restaurants for me to choose from, so don't really to have to use this app anymore... it always show that there r more then 400 restaurants available but more then 399 are always close... why...
Worst Service After placing order ,received call from customer care that your order in declined bcoz of some their known reason only and will start offering from other restaurent.Once u cancel ur order it will take 510 days refund time. Order is declined only after making payment...worst service
Not able to place order using already stored addresses App always ask me to enter new delivery address instead of selecting address from already saved addresses.
Total fraud First time i ordered from food panda ... it was clearly mentioned that il get 10 cash back if il pay from paytm .. used it and instead of 10 i just got 25 rs and the bill i got from restaurant is after 10 reduction ... what a fraud .. if first experience is so bad .. its better i should nt use it again ... guys plz dnt install this app its just a fraud nthin else .
After 2 hrs no response from vendor The service provided by food panda is becoming worse day by day. After 2 hrs I didn't receive any response from the delivery boy.
1 We are processing your order.this process might take foreverrrr.Please wait.    2i ordered a pizza and it came cold as it was delivered in the open with no special box like proper delivery professional pizza deliveries are done so u can understamd the level of service..the delivery guy went through jakarta streets  in motorbike so i guess a pizza  with a bit of pollution is the pretty standard norm..way go to foodpanda..already deleted the app..
Not able to apply deal coupons Pizza not arrived after estimate time . No status update. Want to cancel order. No option also. Domino's app is much more better.
Dont believe on their offers. Will provide big offers and suddenly takes u turn. I have observed several times they reduces validity suddenly or withdraws offer before expiry without . Fully mess up with marketing strategy
Never received my food Don't try this app. Totally useless. They accepted my order. Was supposed to get food in 30 mins. Never received food at all, even after 2 hours. After some 1 hour app says, thank you for ordering, enjoy your meal, like they delivered it to someone else. I called customer care, they said they'll call back, but no response.
You need to follow up your order  Ordered the food but it was not delivered. I get a msg that order is delivered and asks me to rate it. When i chat with customer support they say ignore the msg. I had to follow up my own order 3 times.
Hopeless I hv ordered at 730 pm  from Angara  chandanagar after 3 hours also food has nt arrived..jst now I make a call to dem..den comes to know dat because they dnt have achari chicken in stock...dats why they r nt providing my items...food panda even not bother to confirm me abt dis...though it was a online payment....I will nt suggest anyone to use dis food panda..better directly call to any restaurant and order..horrible experience
Worst app Always receive payments, but will not deliver food, not even call back saying your order is cancelled, moreover if you call their customer care they will keep you on hold for 20 minutes and disconnect your call....wow superb food panda
Requires hell lot of conditions Your foodpanda app seriously sucks as it sends me bulk of SMSs and when I really try to utilize those, it rejects on the grounds of minimum order required. Removing this app forever. Thanks.
It's so slow, search doesn't seem to function Great concept, but it's so slow i almost always end up just opening a browser. They should stop restricting by location first. And when searching, it doesnt appear to do anything. If there are no results, it should say so. . . not let me type and do nothing.
Since acquiring the competition, their service has gone down the drains. They couldn't care less about the customer experience. I've had a series of cancelled orders from foodpanda for the last month. Is giving zero stars an option
Worst experience Bakwas app  now got reply from developer what is the issue Let me tell you in detail. On 1811 night 10  1030, I was supposed to order some food. I tried to pay through PayTM. Just after tapping to pay it get freezed for infinite. Tried to contact customer care on 01246149200, every time after so many IVR instructions it got disconnected. Finally after 34 times I quit. So, may I know what rating should one give you.
Fraud...don't get fooled by their marketing For d 1st time I used this app n made payment to an order. Called the restaurant n it said it can't deliver as the location is far away. Don't y did he accept the order Complaint to customercare only led to more frustration. Extremely disappointed
Gps Issue Your app tooks automatic incorrect address through GPS even my GPS was already in turn off mode. Because of this only my food was arrived after 2 and half an hours today. It's not proper way of doing customer service, even I tried calling to reach respective personsnumbers but all contact no's not reachable and switched off for 2.5 hours If possible fix this issue soon or else I'm ready to send my own demo programming with cost of Rs.0 and no more invalid vouchers required
No way to review restaurant I wanted to rate a restaurant after placing order but couldn't find a way to do so. Amused I contacted support and they said the main review section is disabled and for last order a pop box opens after you login next time. This didn't happen for me. Not able to review and making the review procedure complicated without any reason is not cool at all for a nationwide site.
Always Delay I had never got the food within the speculative time. After the time is over I get a call from you regarding the delay. Also many times I dint get the food only. When complained you told you'll give some discount or special coupon but you don't give that also. I had placed n number of orders in Mumbai, pune, Banglore. Please don't lose a good customer.
Worst service ever Worst customer service ever especially a official naming Nakeeb Shaikh in India.I would rather say that officials are spoiling the name of such a renowned brand. Refund of order no r2lxx0qxis still pending even after commitment over email. Also the discount coupon provided in lieu of bad food is not working. Even after following up and writing mails both the things are pending till date.
Really bad service They will never deliver in the 60 mins they promise.  By the time they deliver  you might me dead or must have eaten so many other things that the food will be waste.                Better go with Tiny owl or swiggy rather than using this app just for discount.
Worst service Ordered food for door delivery, availability shown at the time of placing order to my area but after placing order, receive call from customer care that they were not able to deliver to my area. C Care suggested us to cancel order or pick from restaurant or to modify details. Finally went for pick up, they conveyed us there is door delivery to my area.
