Not able to login. I am entering username and password correctly, but the apps ask me to verify my phone number, when I click on resend OTP, it says wallet is already active on this number, even if I click on proceed button it displays the same message.                                  Please fix this issue.
Poor wallet service If you do any transaction but later try to cancel the order and subsequently refund your amount to bank then wait for 7 days as after 7 days you will get this golden opportunity to refund your amount, it simply won't allow before There is no refund option in the app, you have to use the web site After logout From app version, still showing my name. This is not at all good experience compared to other wallet services.
No use Hi guys no use of this app because twice they have debited my money from bank accont and wallet but both times my bus booking through redbus was failed and we have to beg them to give our money back ...dont use dont install
Cant connect app Connected to internet via usb cable using computer's internet connection but app is saying please check your internet connection. Never expected this from such a big company
No need to use an app Why to use an app Just to check wallet balance  We can get discounts when we shoprecharge from another merchant but not from payumoney itself when we recharge through this app so why do we use the app
When questioned why there is no rewardcashbackdiscount on electricity bill payment.... below is there response... Please be informed that currently we are not providing any discount and promotional offer for the compulsory payments such as utility bill payments. Always use PayUmoney It gives you A. 100 Buyer Protection B. Rewards on every transaction C. Instant Refunds. GROSSLY MISLEADING...REWARDS ARE NOT THERE FOR EVERY TRANSACTION
Problem while doing reacharge I have started doing recharge while I have opted for proceed it is asking my mail I'd I have entered and again asking for mobile otp when I have entered it is showing  WALLET IS ALREADY ACTIVE ON THIS MOBILE NO IAM NOT UNDERSTANDING WHAT TO DO
Hated dont waist ur tym Bakwass sala pata hi nahi chal raha app ka install hone ka baad activate hone me hi ruk jata h
can't login i hate this app it can't login and it will take too much tine to recive otp.  even i can input otp into it but it can't. i press activate button  too many time but it can't work
Nt giving gud service at all My bank acc debited and payumoney debited bt my movie tickets r still pending I had complained several times bt I didnt get returned money back in wallet .
Major glitch A very major glitch with payumoney is that once u verify a mobile number and activate your wallet with your payumoney account, you cannot change the number to some other mobile number.also u cannot deactivate your account.You are stuck with that number.This is a very silly and stupid flaw.U guys need to fix this ASAP. The design itself is flawed.What if one changes hisher mobile numberThen Will have to create a new account  a new email id to use payumoneyWho will do that
Don't install The worst online payment app, I recharged on my number, first it didn't accept the card and then it didn't recharge but did cut the amount from my account. And I have got that money after 9 days. Download Airtel money instead of this app.
I book abus ticket through using pay u money in my wallet iam having 250 rs the bus ticket cost is 650 ihave to pay 400 more using other payment options once i want to check the date i came back to the journey date with out confirming money is debited from my wallet y it is happen how can i get my money back . I want customer care number but in pay u transactions it is showing pending but money is debited what is happening pls provide best service other wise keep quiet
Logoko ullu banana bandh karo salo Login ke liye otp dalne ke bad proceed hi nahi hota .esi sabhi application ke upar case hona chahie .salone sabko pagal samaj ke rakkha he
Confusing Didn't understand about my transaction, successful or unsuccessful.. reflecting paid successful, but in transaction history it's not showing.... also not recieved 1 cash back.... what to say...
Worse When I am trying to recharge my number it not get recharge and money was deducted from my account and not added to my wallet. It is worse app don't istall it. And there is no answer for my customer support
Can't activate After putting in the OTP and selecting activate nothing moves.  Tried it numerous times.  Pls fix it
Not user friendly and taking more amount than actual Bill. Dont use this Apps because, Apps is very bed, in my last Bill payment taken more amount than actual Bill. No customer care contact no.
After payment failure money was not returned to wallet They took my wallet money when I tried to pay on grofers. I used my credit card for most of the amount and some wallet balance so when my credit card payment failed and the order was not placed they did not return my wallet amount. They steal money like this and are biggest Frauds. Don't use this wallet ever.
You guys are frauds I was using pay u money wallet for online shopping in myntra, the payment got failed due to technical issues but payumoney has deducted my money which i have saved in wallet although it was a failed transaction Now i have to run behind this fellows..Thr is no coustomer care support call for this app and everything we want to do through mails only who has time send mail ask thm refund my money I am totally exhausted.. I will never ever use this app
Hi gays..uslesss i book 2 tickets from book my show through pay u money but pay u money cut twice from my credit card. i paied double price for the tickets. pay u money show succesfull but the tlcket is not booked. when i tried next time pay u money cut from my credit card once again.. what to do..
Useless app Tried paying a bill through this app. It cut the amount from my account but the bill is still not paid. It's just a pain in the neck using this app. I have used this app twice and both the times I had to face the same problem.
Keep eating my money It's actually payumoney. Customers pay money,and if the transaction fails they keep it for themselves . Terrible experience. Poor customer support. No one calls, and there's no provision for call from our end to them ...  Please return my money back
Payumoney is worst Utmost user un friendly app. No easy in getting billers. Very much the support staff donot help or undestand english. Very upsetting wallet.Being from IT and BA , the entire App Fails in terms of Business Analysts idea putting what where and which necessary information. The App is flawed. Must learn honestly from other easy Apps. Developer is not at fault.
Pay u money In advertisiment they are showing 1 discount but they are cutting extra 1 money from our account, worst application .please do not download.
It's cheating. Whenever, I wish to recharge my mobile through this app, after entering all the details, it shows one box written, view plans. And when I select any one option from there  complete the recharge process, I always get the LESS talktime amount in my mobile account, even after it shows full talktime, before the recharge. For, example, it shows full talk time offer of Rs.110. But after recharge I get only Rs.96. It's a kind of Fraudulent act.
