Stupid... U know Its All a lag and Keeps Showing sexy adults ad . I rlly hate it
For five star it should show the online status of members This app is for chat and if that is so then very basic thing is to show whether member is online or not so that we can understand if there person is replying or not and if not replying so he or she is offline. I sent messages to end number of people but not a single reply If it will show online status then we can know that person is online but not interested for chat
Did not get any reward yet I got an update that by downloading this app and installing after installing register ur phone num then u will get 6gb of 3g so why u guys do fake commitment when u can't fulfill them....its a crap really disappointing app....bullshit...
Fake It says you'll enjoy 6 gb free data on an ad ...making fool of u ...DONT INSTALL ..DONT WASTE 15 MB
Fake app.. I didnt get credit for this app. 2 nd time it happens. I downloaded it from mcent  but didn't get reward. Please help me..
Worst and fake I didn't got any prize jus wasting time and money Samsung 6 I didn't got its all fake plz don't give fake prices and fake detail for your ad
Cheep app I hate dis ap alot its really vulger plz its my humble req. Not to install dis app cheapsters peeps are thre who doesn't knoe how to respect gals or how to deal with an unknown girl so so so so so so so cheap app........... bakwas..... jitni galiya bhi du utni kam hai is chaatz ke owner ko whoesoever estb.. dis app......
Not getting money for few tasks Really sucks I have installed chatz app and registered and waited for 5 mins still no money received in wallet. Plz chk asap. Thr r many others like traveler same issue
Pathetic I hd got a link where I had to spin a wheel. I got Samsung 6 Then it told me to send the link to 10 people.  Then download this app. Now I hd done everything, even registered with this app but how to get Samsung 6 is nowhere. Why you people make fool of other person and play with their time and data. A total nono frm my side. If without star I cn have able to write review then I must have choosen that option.
tusk bucks balance not given Faltu app, friends don't download this app you will be cheated
Worst app ever I am downloaded the app in task bucks but don't comes the free money in my account
Chutzzpaaa App Its 15MB's App... N I dont get any reward yet.. . Chutzppaa.. .
Hatted it Maha bakwas Maha fokat app    it's my humble request don't ever install this app
Worst In this app link they wrote that download the app and get 7 GB 3G net free.But its all fake they didn't give 7gb 3g net. It is the worst App that I ever seen.
Stupid I can't log in after update , it says    try again later..... S 
Its not working properly please dont download it And we cant recharge any other sim and for recharging our sim it takes 30 mins ...
U stated to give samsung s6 didnt got anythng yet ....its just fake
If u r giving a promotional offer u shd also fulfil it... very disappointed... igot a msg saying i would get free internet if i download this app i din get any
You are showing that you will give 6gb  after register but you are not giving may i knw y
I tried this app but i didn't get no  mny , dont install this app your mb will be wasted
Poor fake app dont waste tym to download I downloaded this app i didnt got any 3g net  they are cheated only making froad i hate this app
Don't work I have updated the app but its only shows unable to connect plz try again later .what can I do I guess its not a good app
Registor problem....loging error After the giving mob. No. .... it always fetching nd doesn't give confirmation code....
Not good Hang problem, message send and delivery problem update kro yaar update kro yaar update KB aayega.........
IS IT FAKE...... I got a link in whatsapp about spinning a wheel and saying i won a phone.....send it to ten people and download an app.....and this chattz app started downloading and dialogue box u won a phone disappeared.....I m going to uninstall this and will send all ten recipients of the first link that its a fake and don't download  
Ye APP feck he, isme koii balance nahii he.
Not of any use You should use whatsapp instead of this app.
Cheaters. No reward No rewards...
