Not so good app There is no way to complain through app. I m not getting otp on my registered mobile number.
Worst app NOW IT'S  NEW PROBLEM NOT ABLE TO LOG IN THRU MOBILE APP  BUT I AM ABLE TO LOG THRU MY PC  ......Not able to input my email address when I try to make payment can't type anything in email option       Email id  mobile no. Should reflect by default as customer is already logged in the system  while payment why does a customer has to input twice card no...needs to improve for ALL 
Very poor service Using from last months but  multiple times getting error user id and passwords are incorrect during login in.Features are very good but only has  login in issues.Please fix this.one more request please add direct payment options from visa to masters card and other as well.
Not satisfied Only showing outstanding balance. Details of transaction not available like date, amount and other details. Please add this feature and it will be a good app.
Enable bill payments Could have added for paying bills, app crashing everytime when I have to login  no use now
Unable to login.... says invalid id or pasword....strange....                     Its been 1520 days but it seems you people are not interested in fixing the invalid id password issue.                                                                                                                    Got a mail from SBI to fix the said problem and they asked me the answer for all my security questions. Expiry date of Card, Name on card.    As if this aap is develop by someone else and not SBI.
How to see detailed transaction done   Please update so that we can see detailed transaction for the period . only showing outstanding money doesnt seems good
Not able  to login When  I ever  I try  to login using my userid  and  password it  gives me a error  as  invalid username or  password  but   wit  the  same  details  I can  login  from  desktop
I thought this SbI app will work but.... I entered everything needed for several times but it always says invalid cards or not able to process your request. can't SBI provide a single properly working service. Instead of a dozen of them.
App not responding After marshmallow update this app is not working properly I can't even login in my account pls fix this problem asap
App is closing I was updated to Android marshmallow from then Sbi card app is not working. It's crashing not even  logging in ... Plx fix immediately.
Not log In in andriod 6.0 I am using andriod one mobile and now it is upgarde to andriod 6.0 and this app start at first when trying to log in app automatically stops main menu come directy.. So please update the app as soon as possible...
Ha ha horrible  incompetent Installed the app, the login screen shows the overlay which explains how to enter the username and password which even a 10 year old would obviously know and the on tap it crashed. Please hire good talent to code ur app. SBI is a prestigious bank.
Not able to logged in This app doen't allow me to even logged in. I am using same credential for online sbi web but this app saying invalid login name or password.
Unfortunately Sbi card has been stopped... This is the message am getting for the past 15 days.please resolve at the earliest
Time waste app Unable to login. Always show username and password wrong. When we are complaints to you. Your answer please email your card number etc.... It problem  facing with max persons why you are improve your app
Useless app Not able to login through mobile app. But can do so online through web Browser... Lazy admin in Sbi probably need a whiplash to start sing it right. Too much lazy
