Not so likely poor services no extra recharge benefits gives to older user only for new user.please give offer for old user..and improve your services like paytm,freecharge and SMS Achariya.
Poor App. Bankrupt. They don't even reply to issues will cut your money but will not update it from almost 1 month
Bad apps Money debited my account but wallet not update I m suffering from 17th Nov 2015 they r not responds customer any complain. I already 20 times  call their,they r not reply.
Worst service It has been 3 months. My amount got debited while paying for online shopping and still I didn't receive refund . They always ask for Transaction ID, mobile no, date etc. but won't solve it. Completely disappointed 
Usability issues The navigation structure and placement is very poor from usability standpoint. The focus has been given to add color, icons and look and feel. Touch feedback is missing from some places. User menu is too confusing. Verbiage changes too, to confuse the user further. Add to wallet is just a plus icon enclosed in circle above wallet balance which makes the one of the highest priority call to action clueless for user. Missing affordance.
Complain resolution is worst night mare They dont resolve your complain but keep stick to thete robotic reply on your complain. Dont give silly excuses  act like u dont know my problem there are around 6 to 7 complain has been raised. Only a dump people will ask a same thing eventhough  its already being said a no of times
Worst technical team.. I paid my post paid reliance bill on November 19th still it's not activated if I'm sending mail they r telling it's resolved but my bill is not paid in reliance office.
Can't add money Still giving the same error Transaction Failed even after the recent update. But I'm able to add money to other apps like paytm,free charge. I've contacted my back help desk everything is good on the banking side. And I've tried 3 different bank account as well. No use.
Pls solve I sign in and add cash rs. 50 with hello code but it says that it is valid for new users please solve it
Very very very bad My money till 2 month back cut frm account but still not add in wallet
Revert the custom fonts and gimmicky UI. We have an app store for installing apps. Don't try to be a jack of all trades and master of none.
Non update of wallet inspite debiting credit card Worst customer service team does not even correct the problem.despite giving assurance solve the problem between 2448 hrs
They love your money Very poor service when it comes to refunding the money... the app gets stuck , money gets deducted from wallet , no customer care phone numbers and you need to run around for getting back the money... have shifted over to paytm for their less cumbersome , customer friendly and efficient service
Not covered All electricity boards It has not covered all electricity boards, I have my connection under Maharashtra state electricity divisionMahavitaran which is not yet added. I download the app to use it for electric bill payment but it is of no use to me. I would love to give 5 stars if they will solve this issue soon.
Can Withdraw only 2000rs a month And per day 500rs only. Other Wallets have 10000 a month limit
Deducted money for no recharge. I have made recharge of 175 from the app but it did not reach phone. When I have contacted maker they reply that contact the service provider. Hell of service. If I need to contact provider then why the hell do I need app to recharge. This is a work of cheaters. Pethatic service.
not accepting my promo code at all.no advantage of installing the app.and on complaint they are not replying us at all.app is of no use.
Making us fool Making us fool about new 100 cashback offer for new users. Very bad service. Going to uninstall it soon.
Don't like They will Cut your money  will not deposit money in your wallet even after so long and so much communication and every time they tell a lie and give idiotic and irritating reply and falsely answer that the issue is  resolved. Its Horrible
