Not able to use when require I don't understand why this app is launched when there is no basic infrastructure to support. Why can't they use Google maps to trace GPS location Trying to use on railway bridge then also App is unable to track location. It takes same or more  time when we compare it with buying ticket from ticket counter. What is use of this kind of App when people can't use it. Kindly improve infrastructure before developing this kind of App or else don't launch.
Serious issue I would like to use this because m from Mumbai but there is no option to add money on Rwallet. How i can add money Plz let me know.. or else this is not useful.
Crap crap The older version was better.. the latest version which requires GPS sucks big time.. wherever I am it alwys says GPS is weak whn I use Google maps in n out.. evry booking fails bcoz of this GPS thing...
Useless app Not allowing to book ticket if this app has no use why u develop this previous version is must better than current version.........i suggest please do some modifications on your app so that public can use easily
Remove GPS Use to work like a charm earlier.  Now it's a worst app ever after adding GPS Location and also things like should be 30 metres away and within 2 km. If we friends decide to meet at station and post which we will get the tickets and if suppose few of them dint turned up, why should I book their tickets in advance. So 30m2km thing is as useless. Seems that app is purchased from chor bazaar by Railways.
Can't book tickets  Gps never works Even if I am standing on the platform, it says I need to be 30 mtrs from the tracks or within a 2 km radius of the station .. This feature needs to be disabled, it's also a huge battery drain
Worst Best worst app , never try. GPS keeps trying to locate your location but ultimately fails .
Remove location dependency Location  constraints are nonsensical... One cannot book extension tickets... Have to be at a specific distance from the station ... GPS doesn't always connect immediately... Uff... More difficult than any entrance exam. Please remove location constraints and use timestamps instead to check misuse.
Lost 200 rs Procedure of adding money to the wallet is too difficult. I tried adding money to my walllet, 200 rs got deducted from my bank account but didn't add in the wallet...  Total loss
Booking a ticket from within a station This is working as hayway. The ticket should be allowed to book even nearby to tracks as sometime ther is a need for last minute booking after getting into the train. 25 meter radiua 5 km radius contraints are just making the app as non user friendly. Instead you can make the app to avoid booking  if they are on the move within the track on the station.
GPS is inefficient The app does not sync the location and it is unable to find the stations and hence tickets cannot be booked. It's waste of time and money.
Not searching locations If stand near ticket counter, still you will get message that you should be in a range of 2 km. It's joking.  Unable to take ticket.
Bad The app just doesnt locate my phone, no matter where i am even on an open highalway. Needs improvement
GPRS Enabled route sucks It will take ages to get lock on ur position.. says gprs signal is weak.. and I m standin just outside d station.. what is this gprs for
MESID UTS01 ERROR I could never use this app. Always gives following error while booking 'Unable to process your request please contact customer care with error code MESID  UTS01'. I have recharged my rwallet and app is showing balance too.
Bad one Searching for GPS and booking takes more time... Its better to stand in queue and take ticket.. Very slow application wastage of R Wallat recharge amount..
unable to book ticket unable to track the location even with 4g connection standing at the station still shows the pop up to be within 2km radius. need an option for extension tickets as well.
NOT ABLE TO BOOK UTS01 error not able to book tickets.. no customer care support...
Super third class app Wasted my 100 rupees for this worst app. No use. Smart card is much better option.
Its a waste app ... Ticket booking is so though tht v can go nd collet tickets in station itself
Worst payment options 1.There is no payment option in the application. 2.Add Credit card payment option.  3. Add season ticket fare catalog.  4.Add direct payment option
Poor The app did not work on festive Diwali day when train tickets have long queue. Kept getting error mseuid  ut02 error. What's the use if it does not work when you need it most. I had to wait in queue for 30 mins. Pathetic
Not able to book the ticket. simply waste app and also I have wasted my money. always it showing error message.GPS signal is low here, please try at open place GPS provider is not having high accuracy
Hate gps location search Deserves 0 stars i am not able to book even a single ticket after adding gps location option in their app.
Worst app It is always asking for your waller surrender request is on process from last one year..
