I can't access my music
IT DOESNT WORK ON MY LENOVO A5500 Anytime I just touch any setting or try to add a song the whole app restarts  and sometimes it even says edjing 5 not working   I have tried all your edjing apps and all of them do the same thing please help                               No I don't have apps running at the same time.                 New update didn't change anything please help.    I have reinstalled the app but it still doesn't work
It is getting worse and worse every update. When I first downloaded the app I loved it. It was very simple to use. Then i got the first update and certain features were removed and the recordings were messed up. Then i got another update and now the music sounds muffled. If the next update is as bad as the last two im deleting this app for good.
Bad update With the previous version I could easily change tracks without touching the sync button, but this one is bad. It is for those people who are not really Djs, why did you have to remove the moving waves they help a lot when changing tracks. Now I hardly get it right. I'll delete this app and ask someone to send me the previous version because this one is crap. DON'T MIND MY LANGUAGE
Bad updated The arm is so big that is outside of the disc and whe i put on the deck the song goes to far,,,, and force closing     Galaxy s 5
Seriously I just open it up right after the update. This thing frozed up my phone It don't act right at all when i'm trying to scratch. The needle is no where near the turntable...Ridiculous How is this the 1 app.
Were has the mix bar  the top gone  Y do u keep changing spoilt yet again. 
not so good can i ask the previous apps because the previous apps is much better..tnx
New update music skips on replay, fix plz... Edjing
Suck I can't sync the pitch manual
I hate this app Whenever I make a mix it always stops.
Copyright restriction I love this app but when i want to record 'copyright restecton appears every time i want to add a track....... please fix this
