This does not work as i thought it would, dont shows correct running status. It tells 'yet to start from source station', though the train has gone from the station you are checking on, most of times dont tells about delay even train is late by an hour. Is belating about one hr is within normal scheduled time of trainsif yes then this app should get 5. Dont play with emotions n career of people, dear NTES.
Sorry guys only  Needs some improvement. There is no option to choose a date as users requirment. The app only gives options to choose from Today, Tommorow, and Yesterday. Please update this feature as a user can get informations about desired train running status.
Not good now The app was very good earlier. But now the queried info is not displayed and an error message is shown. This app is a waste untill the above problem is corrected
Problematic App This app frequently breaks down and stops working. It needs an update and strong technical support. More features like PNR status and search trains via station should be added.
Worst Now When i try to spot my train it show's some problems try later, it was good some time before now is worse
Its a 3rd class app. Doesnt even deserve 1 star When u will check the status of a train 1st.time then it might show that but after 15  or 20 mins whenever u will checm it will kepp on loading even on a super fast wifi connection. 3rd party  apps are much better for tracking trains. Railways must improve this lethargic app as well the website of train enquiry.
Time wastes app hai yeh... Server Is always down...Never try this app my friends time waste app hai yeh
NTES does not work properly in htc one mobile When i click on Live station then open spot your train , live station options not work in my phone
Don't use it You will miss the Train. These apps should be banned. They can't even provide the basic information that they are supposed to do. On Aug 12th I had to catch CPRLKO express from GKP. All the time it was showing status 2 hrs late whereas the train was on time. Luckily I was able to catch the train due to guard ' s mercy. F this app
Good to bad Once its a great app. But now getting worst and miss guiding me. Irritating with error  some problem. Try later when ever i need.
Not good Some time it is not shown station position, error are shows
Now its a bad app Sometimes its give the correct information. Nowadays it takes so much time to give information and most of the time shows some problem, try later even in high speed data plan.. Please fix this issue.. Thanks..
Not good now It was good earlier but now it shows error messages like Some prob try later and also we cannot check the fare, the seat availability and PNR status.
Application not be installed error code 505 . pls help me how to download always come a popup error code 505
Having problem while downloading I am unabale to download this app. I am using micromax spark. Kindly fix the issue.
Problem in showing ... Live status about 57258 not showing correctly.confusing the passengers always...57258,57226 and 57257 are the wrost passenger trains I have seen.
Bullshit app Like other government organizations ds rail enquiry app also works on there own will...whn you need it the most it'll not working,even not giving correct information abt train running status. whn train is about 2reach its destination it says yet to start from the source. If sm1 believes on this information only no way he can catch his train. I'll not recommend it.
Not able to install This app is not getting install on my device, it shows error every time.
Not Accurate While website says train delayed by 5 hrs app says on time. It is not updated dynamically. Please improve or update the server address in your app.
