Not able to enter mobile number It takes forever time to sign up.. And not able to enter my mobile number to validate.. Without which  am not able to order any.. Pls fix it on Android phones
want to say only one word 'bkwas' no offers available here.just fake advertisment and all.wastes of money
Very Bad first experience It was really pathetic experience, i ordered worth 204 and as per app policy if the order is above 200rs you need not to pay any delivery charges. Later on i was informed that since dessert is not available so i need to pay 40rs extra as handling charges total of which comes to 199rs. This is a crap, i told them why should i suffer but the arrogant telecaller didn't felt to say sorry for this.
Lightning fast At crashing 1 Nice Ad  very catchy. 2 Very limited restra options  still fine. 3 Tried 4 different Restaraunts to place order, as soon as we click top horizontal bar to go to inner page  swiggy stopped working. 13 times crashed in 3 minutes Lightning fast.  Couldnt place a single order  thanks for allowing me the oppurtunity to experience your service Will stick to Foodpanda Only.
Services like you deserve to die. no comments You eat what the restaurants want you to eat. Never gets updated in real time.
Not able to register as the verification code stage does not gets completed, tried a couple of times as it only shows try again and nothing happens.. It's frustrating when such stupid things happen and one cannot order food.
Delivery Service is excellent but customer care department service is poorer I forgot to apply the code for discount on my 1st order than I contacted customer care they said new code will be given to me in 2 days or 48 hours but now it's 2 weeks  I have not received the code.. Hence Will delete the app soon.
Awesome concept but many cons Good concept to get off ppl crowding up eateries but Requires to deliver Food HOT n QUICK  till my experience upto to date,the food was not that hot while being delivered  SERIOUSLY NEED TO WORK ON PROVIDING HOT BOX'S for your delivery boys as they just get in plastic bags which NON ECHO FRIENDLY and completely UNPROFESSIONALL at the same time decrease the packing charges if u not able to provide good n hot food  and also bring out offers for existing customers
Waste app I suggest don't order..after some time they'll call u back and say these items r not available..
Not able to sign up Today I have downloaded this app and tried to sign up with phone vilification. .. it's going on and on... not able to make it work. It's annoying. I will reinstall it to give it a deco d chance.
Really annoying It is not working in my location ... says OUT OF DELIVERY area ... although this area of kolkata where I live, is a quite popular area and has more than 50 restaurants within 45 km radius. Its absolutely ridiculous .... Swiggy's customer care is also pretty useless, they never are able to tell me what exactly is the problem with this area ... when it used to work, I loved it.
Buffering .... Im a old user but when i try to loging in again,  its showing like checking your details till an hour  are more too, im totally frustrated for this issue.
Big time cheaters Placed an order using paytm wallet... payment taken from wallet... order didn't  went through.... now swiggy wants to wait 5 to 7 working  days for refund....  customer care least helpfull....
Not up to the mark  I ordered temptation icecream,  I paid for 3 500ml pack 195rs online then I was told the said said icecream was not available ,for other icecream you have to pay rs 70 more,and if I cancel my order then refund will be initiated in 7 to 10 days, I said give 2 500ml and balance refund me back..which will be received in 7 working days...means money and orders Blocked.
No happy with limitation of food ordering You now put the limitation of food ordering....previously there were no limitation of food ordering about particular amount
Worst Service.  I ordered food from Paradise, worst quality. Bad smell from that packet. I have complained the same to the team they said they are going to refund the cash but not happened, They provided me a 50rs coupon.   Don't order anything using app.  The Quality of the food will be too worst.  0 Customer Satisfaction.
Bullshit app Installed the app and got the message 'Out of Delivery area'.. what a bullshit when they knew my area, why they have targetted me through SMS. Stupid people.
Poor Crap and bullshit concept, they take tour order and later deny on callback that dishes are not available, happened with me for 4 times from 4 different restaurants,their cc cell doesn't call back as commited, and half of their app codes don't work, a must not recommended guys, if you wana die hungry of dissapointment you may choose this app, poor, download tinyowl instead, even pathetic food panda is better than this
Are the rates of food items genuine I have to Gupta Brothers many a times. Rates of food dishes displayed in this app are way higher than those at the menu in the hotel. Can you guys plz explain the difference.
Incorrect data Doesn't let you place orders post 09.30 pm and shows multiple restaurants out of delivery areas, when I have already placed orders with them before. Also no option to cancel orders once you select dishes from a restaurant. Very frustrating. I thought this app was different but turning out hopeless.
Worst experience Food never reached. No one called either. When I called swiggy, they said delivery boys are not available. Had to sleep without dinner.
