No able to activate NRI account Been highlighting this issue and no action is being taken. Not expected from ICICI.
Not tested properly I can not login via pin or netbanking userid password. When I enter a pin then the next authentication is asking me to put credit card pin. I do not have credit card. Second thing when I try to login by userid then it shows an error that your userid is not linked with your mobile no. I have double checked the mobile number by logging into netbanking website. Please help.
Need a definite fix. This app is taking too much time for Login. It is really annoying when someone is giving pin it should take at most 30 sec to 1 min for login. But it is taking more than 5 mins for login even on a 4G connection and sometimes it also stuck at loading. I have cross checked it many times hence this report. It's not that much efficient. Developer please fix the problem.
Waste Not able to activate NRI accounts I entered my Internet Banking userid and clicked the Activate button.I couldn't move to next screen. I received the OTP for activation. App is not taking me to next screen to enter OTP
Not able to activate I have been trying to activate this app for NRI customer, the app does not move to next page to input the recieved OTP. Unable to activate iBanking. Call center says technical issue. For how long 
I've been trying to add a payee from the last 6 months and till now it shows There's a problem fetching data, please try later. And because of this I can't transfer money to anyone and as I can see this is a major problem faced by everyone. And again the same problem with this update also. You guys won't understand.
Since I have updated this app it's asking to resume and if I resume it, then it says my mobile no is not registered with the bank. I had contacted the bank for the same and have updated my mobile no in ATM. Even now the same problem continues...
Same here total waste I too entered my NRI internet banking user ID to activate the account however the app dint take me to the next screen.
Dumb app The app doesn't work.  The ones concerned at ICICI don't bother to resolve the issue too. I wish I could rate them below one star
Issue with new update I am even unable to login to application, when I place cursor to enter pin unnecessary options are popping up and the pin field is disappeared and cursor moved from the field.  Unable to enter pin even..  Worst  ever
Srinivas I am trying  to activate my mobile  banking account. I have received  my debit card. Error  mag showing  no account link with account number. Pls  let me know the procedure to login. Using icici pocket  debit card.
Unable to activate as a NRI user The app does not let me activate the account as a NRI user. I receive the OTP from Step 1 but the app doesn't take me to Step 2 to enter the OTP.
Absolute shit Junk app. Cannot activate for NRI customer. It does not move to second screen. Suggest moving to other banks.. mobile app is key these days
The app is full of bugs. Moreover the support number provided has no support, although it is a paid number. NRI customers are provided toll free number. If you are an Indian, you have to pay.
No 2nd screen After entering user ID for nri account, the 2nd screen doesn't come up to enter the code. Did you guys even test this app properly
Unable to login After entering the user id, the screen didn't move on to the next step to enter the OTP. Uninstalled the application twice, still the problem didn't resolved. Team kindly look on to this and let me know how to activate the imobile app
Not working As another user mentioned, the application doesn't take to next screen to type in activation code. Needs better testing.
Worst designed APP EVER Trying to activate my account this useless app for over 2 years till date it hasn't worked followed all methods all instructions everything it simply doesn't work. Is this app designed to harass and torture customers
Why only registered number There should be flexibility to use this app from any number. It should not be linked with registered number. People keep travelling due to jobs and changing numbers. I got HDFC mobile app and have been using it since last 34 years without any problems
Nonsense Once a pioneer in banking is busy in making useless app which can be used only by developer. For NRI its a complete useless. Unable to register after several attempt. Pathetic
