Slow. Not what I was looking for. This app is so slow. It doesn't even have complete packages of styles. Just one app at a time. How would you make all of you apps match None of the pictures qould eve  load. I would NOT recommend this app at all. 
The cute app decorate things will appear and will disappear and it wont allow the phone app to have one I hate this app it makes your phone glitch to
Bad Can't choose the country app is sucks
 I used to love this app Now every freaking time I create a wallpaper or icon, it never gets approved I read the terms of use and whatever and my wallpapers and icons don't violate that I make them myself and they are appropriate, so i don't understand why they are never approved This is getting two stars until the approval process is upgraded or I may stop using the app. I work hard on what I make only for it to become private No thanks
 Registration is not even possible since there's no choose a country button. Uninstalling the app till this problem is solved. In the What's new its saying 'Registration made simpler' Seriously I think the developers just messed up big time instead of simplifying the registration.
Leave my Google Chrome alone I love this app but why would you MAKE me use your stupid search engine.  I can't even reset the homepage to what I want.  Fix this and I'll add stars.
I can't post anything public anymore I read the terms of use and my icons and wp don't violate them They end up being private after a full week, I don't like this
Disappointed  I can't register because they ask me to choose my country, but there is no option for that....
Can't sign up I will only rate 5 goldie stars if this app improves. I can't choose a country, because there is no Choose a country so I uninstalled it.  thisappsucks 5goldieonlyifthisappimproves
Icons and wallpaper When ever I make icons and wallpaper it's always disapproved. I wait the five days and it says that they violate the terms. I always make sure that they don't. So I have no idea what and how to do wallpaper and icons ever. And don't tell me to wait it out cuz I have done that I want a real expansion for this till then I rate 2 stars
gtT So when i try to set up an account for it. It isnt working because when i sign up i put my user in and it says choose country but there IS no choose country button. So no 5 stars until its fixed.
Cant sign up I'll rate 5 star if i can sign in. It keep asking me to choose my country but there is nothing. I really wanna use this app
Google chrome Everything works, but why is my search engine different when I use the Google chrome. Pls. leave it to the way it's supposed to be. I don't want the cocoppa search engine when I click my Google chrome  Thanks for the reply but that wasn't a problem until recently. I've been using Google chrome via Cocoppa icon and it was always on Google... It is possible if it was done before
