Very very poor UI Updated latest version. But user interface, design is very very poor. Somewhere used direct screen shots. why don't you spend some time to refer other mobile apps. You are spending lots of money to get this poor app Before going to iPhone and BlackBerry, please work on UI of android version.
Poorest update of an app I ever did in my life Only for 3g user  perhaps not for them is well So lazy slow opening take a long time in showing the actual chart now enter the train number but it takes a long time in opening after that choose  platform again a long time. Plz plz...tell me the way to download old version.. 4 star for that
Problem with PNR notifications Auto notifications doesn't work. It saves the pnr no. When you save but once you open the app again some time later, pnr save list is empty...try and work on it
Isn't complete Shows no trains found between two stations though there are actually a no. of trains. It may happen for more cases I suppose. So, at least I can't trust it in closed eyes.
Most of the worst software I have ever seen before. Not working clearly. Install this apps mean wst  of time and data. Don't install this
Saved data vanishes Whether we save train routes or pnr numbers. It is found that the saved data gets empty after some time. It wasn't the case in earlier updates  App is installed in the phone not in the sd card though I use sd card. And yes the problem arise since i upgraded to Android 5.
No special n holiday train has been update. Other aap give SPECIAL TRAIN SCHEDULE N AVAILABLE DATE AND ALL RELATED INFORMATION. PLESESE DON'T INSTALL THIS AAP WASTE OF TIME N DATA
There is some mejar  problem  in the live  trean  status  and  trean  between  to  station  t Problems  problem a lot  of  problems
Show train at all days When we search train there is show trains only at that date not for all days. So there is more trouble for new route .we can't find all train on that route on all days.                                            Give solutions
WTF Worst app ever I used.. don't show train live status anytime
Good interface but saved items don't work PNR and schedules not getting saved
Poor It doesn't shows train live status so much irritating....
Kaisa app banaya ye bewkoof Kis ko pata hain train number  Stupid
