Seems like it's Android 6.0 only issue It's a great concept for an app. However it's very laggy for my Nexus 5. Judging from other reviews, it seems pretty known for Nexus 5 users. I tried this app on my Samsung Note Pro and it works well. I just wished it would work well on my nexus 5 because its more portable than my tablet. Edit It still lags for android 6.0.
Great concept, bad app and service for Android.... Sent an email to the developers about my concerns for the app not being able to hear yourself sing which resulted basically in them saying Androids are junk but we don't mind taking your money oh and a refund isn't possible. I do like the app just wish I could hear myself sing... I mean what's the purpose If this problem was resolved I'd give it five stars for sure and would be happy as a clam
Laggy I have the nexus 6p and its so laggy I can not use it. On my apple products it worked amazing Will not be using this app for now until there are major improvements....and that makes me very sad
I would have given u guys 5 stars but You guys don't give credits even after performing tasks asked.  I had installed n then reported after not receiving them.
Feel let down not enough support for android I'd give 5 stars when you finally allow video support for android users and the new update what's permission to assess my camera but not video still hmmm sounds fishy to me
Different of IOS and Android When i use IOS phone played this app its very good when i sing i can open the option of voice control or setting. But when i use Android phone play this app. Cant make options of vioce control or setting. Im submitted be a VIP but nothing change. Lol i this this app only focus on IOS only. Danm it.
SUTTERING Any song would sound suttering what could be the reason please help me fix this. I want to ise this app badly. Thanks
Camera Permission Why does the update ask for camera permission but there's still no video option for androidPlease fix the bug also.My old songs got lost and Keeps unfollowing certain people by itself.
HOW DO I USE IT I INSTALLED IT NOW HOW  I'LL GIVE A 5 STARS IF SOMEONE HELPS ME Btw I'm Using A PC
Not working well I liked the app. But then, over my android phone, its not working as good as it has been in iphone. What's the problem  Can you fix this
