Cant even deal I downloaded this app when i was 32 weeks . Im not 37 weeks and it doesnt even pick up a heart beat at all . Sounds i get is like the seawaves only or a fuzzy tv. Tried it with headphone , used it the way i was instructed to use it and still didnt work. Dont waste your time.
Such a shame I have you pregnancy app and absolutely love it  I use it every day and so thought I would download this app ... but tbh I can't even pick up my own heartbeat on it. All I can hear is what sounds like trolleys bashing together it hurts my ears no heartbeat at all  What should I do  I can't hear my own I doubt I'll be able to pick up my babies 
If I could give this a zero I would.  I used the app yesterday and found heart beats with a rate of 160180 only to find out at an ultrasound today I miscarried the baby two weeks ago.  This is a shame you're selling an app and have fake heart beats coming through it.  You should be ashamed of yourselves and this app should be taken away  When I listen to the recording IT IS heartbeat cleat as day....
Annoying I'm 40 weeks to the day and have been trying to get a beat FOR 10 EFFING WEEKS. Still nothing. I've followed the direct to a T, I'm not inept, this app just isn't for everyone. Or actually, MOST PEOPLE. If I had known that most positions the baby might be in in utero prevented the app from working, I would not have purchased it
This app doesn't work I have a two year old son and it won't even pick up his heartbeat. I was having trouble finding my unborn child's heartbeat so while my two year old was sleeping I tried to find his. It's a miracle  He doesn't have one. Also won't even pick up my own heartbeat. Followed all instructions.
Apparently even my own heart has stopped beating.... I've tried this on my galaxy s3 flight mode, with headphones and can't even pick up my own heartbeat, let alone the baby heartbeat. Either I'm actuallt dead or this app just isn't very effective. Waste of money.
Does not work This app doesn't work. I'm currently 35 weeks pregnant. Have tried this app so many times  I followed the instructions to the tee. But it still doesn't pick up my bubs heartbeat. I'll def not be recommending this app.
Doesnt work  waste if money Installed  app  about 4 weeks ago. Im 333 now  still not able to pick up anything  with  this app. I've sent emails  followed their instructions  to the letter. Im not overweight  but still nothing. Absolute  waste of money so  dont waste your time downloading this app  if you really want to hear  babys heartbeat at home invest in a proper doppler.
Horrible Tried with and without headphones doesn't work. Saw they had updated it so we rebought and now can't get a refund even though it still doesn't work.
Very bad app it is not working i am 31 week when i use it i hear the hart bit but it is not my baby coz when i am remove it on my bely i still hearing hart bit.
This app sucks all i get is static even in a quite room. Im 31 weeks i just want to hear my littles ones heartbeat
Waste of money Don't buy anything from this vendor. Doesn't work I would like my money back.
Doesn't work I have tried for the last 6 weeks and it doesn't  work. I was so hoping it would. It doesn't  pick up my baby's heart beat. I want a refund. I'm 36 pregnant now. I think it should of worked by now. 
Didn't work for us I have tried this app multiple times throughout my pregnancy and it has never detected the fetal heartbeat. I am now 39 weeks pregnant and all I hear is static Have followed the instructions to a t.
This app doesnt work i have tried every part of my stomach and all i get is static even in a really quiet room. How do i get my money back
Does not work Hi All don't waste your money app does not work
Want a refund  This app does not work
Doesn't work Waste of money I use the pregnancy app which I love but I've tried this app several times and have yet to find my baby's heartbeat. I've even tried to find my own and that hasn't worked either.
Total waste Followed the directions to a T with no luck. When I submitted my feedback, I received an automated email telling me to follow the directions and then basically copypasted the FAQS page, which was a little insulting. So glad I wasted time and money on this stupid thing.
Don't waste your money I bout this over a month ago, it has only sometimes picked up MY heartbeat. I am about 33 weeks and have tried so many times and cannot pick up my babies heartbeat. Only thing I know is that she hates the loud noise because she will kick me each time I turn it on.
Useless, wasted time  money Used as instructed on a Note 4. Wasted so much time trying to pick up any heartbeat.
Doesn't seem to work. I have tried this and followed the instructions but no luck. How do I get a refund please
Doesn't work, all I get is static. Waste of 3 dollars
App won't open Every time I try and access this app I get an error msg that says unfortunately app has stopped working.
Not worth it I followed ALL directions, currently 32 weeks, downloaded this app when I was 20something weeks been trying to use it ever  since. I would like a refund please
Waste of money This app doesn't let you hear a heartbeat at all, just static noise Super annoyed that I even wasted money on this. You can keep it on your belly and it will give you a bogus number but I gave it a minute or two and did it again and it gave a completely different number.
Can't pick up anything... As above doesn't pick up even my heartbeat let alone the baby's. Shame as I have seen some really good reviews elsewhere but doesn't work for me.
