Finance news takes a backseat Don't like every stock I check out pushes my favorites to the back of the line.  Sometimes I struggle to get basic stock news.
So many ads Yahoo maybe your new strategy is driving revenue temporarily, but long term we are all going to different finance apps and sites. Way too many ads for a news aggregator
Disappointed From a company that has had a leading presence in finance tools on it's web site, this app is a massive disappointment.  Where are all the analytical charting tools Uninstall.
This app needs less ads and repetition. Lack of international stocks is a huge con. Decent enough for US markets.
Worse app ever from yahoo Yahoo stock new does not get update with latest news update. I had to uninstall the app, reinstall theapp and same problem occurred again in the next couple days. Maybe Yahoo should focus on the apps instead of garbage untalented celebrity family news.
Very nice improvements Still lacking sorting ability. Too many ads. Latest news missing most of the time even after refreshing page.
Was a great app, now getting downgraded. Quick and easy way to follow stock prices. The news used to only show the stocks on your watch list.  This newer version is cluttered with adds and every artical that references the SP and DJ.  Very annoying to have to sift through all the junk.  I would only recommend this for stock quotes and not news.  You will miss important information.
Stock quotes don't show. News is too old Stock quote details sometimes don't appear.  The page draws the chart at the top half of the screen but no stock quote details. If I click thru the chart and then dismiss it, the quote details appears. So it's a bug.  Also, the related news are very old, from a few days ago, not useful for stocks. I have a nexus 6.
To many ads, not enough articles Previously the articles that would often fill the app were at worst boring. Now they flooded the news feed with useless ads and links to pay  or subscription sites. With this watered downnews feed I find almost 0 reason to open the app outside of simple stock tracking
