Faltu app Who created this faltu app and for what, just frustrate to customer  I want to give you minus rating but play store not allow, hence rated 1
No one replies. Money debited got msg of successful transaction from shmart that they have received my payment and its more then 72 hours and my wallet balance is still not updated 
No offers since 1month After adding money you are not offering any offers since last one month , no offers for dasherra and diwali. Very disappointed with this wallet and also dont have option yo pay electricity bill and landline bills.
No cashback in entire october I have not seen any cashback offer entire month. You are asking people on fb to review it and giving bluetooth speakers. We need cashback not any bluetooth speakers. Stop asking people for such fake reviews just to increase your rating
Not able to login from past 15 days. Getting message Something went wrong.Try after some time every time when trying to login...
Fake app very lie Ye mere 950 rs. Khaaa gaye....mene help line number,email  subkuch kar k dekh liye par koi reply naiii....
Need improvements It need lot of improvements. Trying to add money since long time but still unable to add money to wallet. It's not expected.
Not good very bad. Very poor This app works on his mood. Many times recharge fails. My last 3 recharges are failed. Poor.. Very poor. Zero stars from me..
Money is Debited My Money is Debited for failed Transaction. Also unable to view the history of my Oct month transaction.
No offers Without offers what's the reason I should recharge from your wallet, also to add money we have to go thru lot of pain
Not able to pay my postpaid bill Hello team, i have 550 rs in my wallet but I'm not able to pay my Airtel postpaid bill. Have a look into my issue.
Looted my money I recharged for rs. 28 3g pack which was not done still. Customer care pepole are not even responding. Kindly avoid using this wallet. Worst service.
Rs 99 for visa card I don't think these fees were adequately mentioned before I installed the app.
