i try to buy the credit from  my debit cardmaster cardbut appalication shown invalid credit card..but i used debit card really i suffer wit payment gateway..if any chance to buy the credit from  my debit card pls  help me... thank u
I'm not able to call Dear Google Team,  Kindly request you to please check the issue. I'm not dial the call from web and mobile application both ..  Waiting for your reply ..   Regards Jitesh
Newest version wouldn't allow me to make international call through default dialer anymore. And when I use google voice to make call in the hangouts, the other side couldn't hear. Can you just roll back to the old version
'm also not able to call to anyone, Kindly request you to please check the issue. I'm not dial the call from web and mobile application both ..
I have bought a 10 worth voice minutes for international calls and now i see that google voice eats up my mobile data.  I have only 1 GB data plan. And in just 30 minutes calls google used 100MB of it.  I hate it... I just want my money back
Won't autodial from voice command.. ie OK Google, Call Mom. Phone number is entered into dialer, but call is not invoked.   Difficult to use, poor UX design. No frequent contacts on dialer screen, cannot type contacts name on keypad, HAS to be entered on input box above. Overall, clunky.  I will be using it due to the fact it supports my GVoice number, and account for long distance calling, but I am hoping for improvement.
DIALER BUTTON IN THE WAY and..... Pop up toon notification telling me the call is connected, etc., while in the way of dial and number and hang up buttons. WHY This was a duh moment in latest update. I do not need to be informed if the call was connected joined the call. NEEDS SPEAKERPHONE
Needs a lot of work and google is being lazy  underwhelming and unperforming in the GVoice area. many calls don't come through with full reception, and it's just not a consistent solid product.
Need to buy credits for local number It has to be an error,  dl last week worked well with in good data coverage,  but now it is saying to buy credits to call local numbers,  my own answering service and toll free numbers. . Can't dial out anywhere without asking to buy credits
no integration. with old Google voice i could choose which way to call people integrated on the android dialer. not with this one. edit update says it fix this, well, it's more broken. now i have two dialers.
I realize that voice communications is evolving but seriously, do the developers ever use this app for voice communication Where is the last number redial button or why not have google voice dial on my PC. I need to call people other than those listed in my google contacts.
Call quality on cellphone is very bad. Even on wifi it is bad.  It used to be good on 4G, HSPA mobile network  however recently it has just turned so bad that it is nearly unusable
Doesn't work. Don't even bother using this. It doesn't work at all. Tried multiple times to make a call to different numbers and it does not connect and times out.
Terrible. I just don't have enough time to say all the horrible things about this ridiculous app. It does no recognize that your face is touching the screen so it presses all the buttons while on the phone. If someone calls my Google Voice number the Google Hangout and phone dialer ring together and you cannot easily handle clearing out the calls.
Functionality half works and widget removed This app used to have a widget but it was removed without notice or word. What other functionality will disappear This widget was one of the main methods I had of interaction with hangouts, now I'm stuck with its lackluster notifications. In addition it doesn't integrate with the phone's automatic text reply despite it being set up with Google voice.
App has gone straight to hell Sent messages disappear. Sends messages clearly sent to one person to another. Thanks for that BTW. Please fix our revert to prior version until bugs are fixed.
Doesn't work on N5 wmarshmallow...calling error not  available at this time...no way to tweak permissions and none required on install...waste of time
Will not receive calls even after i enable voice rings. The only purpose for the number is selling online, so out bound calls isn't needed much.
