Big bugs Spent the whole day watching FantasyCast. The end of the day, I exit the app and bring it back up.. guess what It had the wrong lineup for both my and my opponents teams. Are you kidding me
Barely functions Yahoo app is making this one seem useless.  Clunky, window panels options and displays need intuitive options. Just didn't deliver a good experience.
Notification sound The notification sound is not configurable. I just want the icon with no sound or vibration. I don't need to be woken up by player news
Hard to navigate through app Links to navigate through the app are not as obvious as they could be. Took me awhile to figure out how to move through screens and even make changes to my team.
LACKING.... Hey ESPN, take some hints from Yahoo's fantasy app, wayyyy better than this. Does this function correctly Yes. Could it be much much better Definitely. I don't really have to give specific details do I
Worthless. Easily the slowest app I have ever used on a cellphone. Guess I'll be using my computer.
Espn asked for my review so here it is. Just switch to Yahoo. It is so much better, smoother, more intuitive. Fantasy cast freezes, I have to exit and clear the app from my history so I can do a full relaunch in order for it to work again. Stats are delayed, no way to set future rosters. Difficult to look at past results. Basically a PITA all around. I will be lobbying my commish to switch for next year.
Disappointing UX UI is very clunky to navigate through and not intuitive. Yahoo's is much more streamlined, though far from perfect, and provides more stats and details in nearly every screen. Also, showing a full screen ad in an app that can be very time sensitive leading up to games is absolutely ridiculous.
Cannot connect Can't connect at home. I use a u.s. proxy and cannot connect to drafts and other things while on my home wifi. Seems silly because other features of the app works flawlessly would rate higher if this wasn't a problem
Not Good. Refuses to recognize a full wifi connection, while my yahoo app is working blazing fast.  Also Espn is the only fantasy site that makes you pay for their advice columns, which are either obvious or totally nonsensical.  And even then, there are games that get no points adjusted for hours, like the dolphins redskins game yesterday.  Lame.
Can't even log in Just updated and still the app loads to the log insign up page and then crashes. I've restarted my phone and redownloaded the app.  Same thing every time.
Eh... Not a fan it took me like three days of trying to download the app in the first place. The app bugs out and isn't user friendly.
