It is a super fake app. .do not waste your time . I don't want even a single star...  account me blance to ayega pr finally recharge  nhi hoga.
fng app they r giving credit to wallet.but we cant recharge.when we trying to recharge they say invalid request try again..fake app,pls dont install this app.the devoloper making money from us...0 star
Never download it Aftr u finish the offers it says ur account is credited but doesnt really get credited,  just a way to fool ppl
Worst ever....I've seen...... Nothing will credit....to me....don't try this.... And don't waste your time.....
Unwanted app there should be a provision to  penalize this type of apps. Completely useless and literally forced me to install with fake FB page and a more stupid friend. This is one of the first apps I am going to sue. Do not waste your own time by developing this type of apps.
Fakeee fake bandu Not credited money and always showing interbet connection error..
Fake applicationnever try this app No need to give a single star for the rating.very very fake application.the amount is not credited to our number shows that it will get credited within 48hrs.
connection error  service not available while trying to register,registation fails .
Very bad don't install dis app I have installed ola app I got 10 rupees and I have signed in but I didn't get 20 rupees what happened for balance money 20 rupees its went to thirupathi God...
Useless and waste of time, Don't try this  I have earned 41 rs, i have been tried to redeem since last week. but unable to get recharge. Totally waste of time. Don't try this.
100 Fake  Fraud App Tottaly time  data waste app,I am download and proper use flip cart app but I don't get taltime.
Useless and waste of time Don't try this... It's simply bogus and waste of time..
Don't download Friends this app is fraud don't download it bcoz this app never credited my account for downloading the apps.
So pathetic app I really dislike this app coz only giving fake commitment no giving any typ of balance so pathetic n faltugiri don't download
Cheaters fake fake fake Not giving any money, I don't know how other people given good rating to this. It's fake waste of time and data
Fraud App..FAKE FAKE FAKE FAKE.. Spin and Win..then it takes you to play store and say download to claim your reward..Don't download this app..Fake app..even 1strar is worst..
FAKE FAKE FAKE This is a fake application. Do not download. Wonder why google play allows this kind of apps to run
WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE WASTE
Fake fake  Do a free spin n win super gifts..Download the app to get ur prize..fake people seak publicity through fake means..worst app..Dnt download guys..
False app.....trying to make fools. I tried to redeem my Balance bt after 2 days the Balance remains same. No redeem is processed. False app
100  fake Download swift wifi but no credit in my account fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake tottly fake application
Woresttttttttttt We can give the worst grading of play store.giving a single star also more to this .frnds please don't download this stupid worst no words for me.don't download this app
Rubbish Totally fake ...nthng will be credit to ur accout ..worst app ..hate this type of ...this app should be remove frm playstore
Recently i dawnloarded your foolish app and it is totally time wasted and how i can give your app 5 star not Recharge my account properly
Worst worst worst fakest application ever Downloaded apps but didnt got money... worst... i sent feedback but still no balance
Fake app Firstly this app does not provide instant reward. Then hope for additional reward is almost gone.
Fake Fake fake, can't even recharge myself from 4 days, it still saying wait for 48 hrs, if we can't get recharge means then why should we download apps and make money in this Plz don't download it waste of data
Worst and cheater app Mobile money say thanks two google there was no 0 star. I download three app from this portal this app only send me money for only first app. This app cheat me.
Fake Koi bhi download nhi kare.fake h ekdum. Mene try kr liya pr ek bhi pese ka recharge nhi aaya mere pass.
Waste app ever seen I dint get any money for referel. Not got money after registration in apps which have downloaded. Unable to recharge my mobile since 4 days . waste app plz don't download guys...
Fake Credit  Personal Data Collector User Data Miner Alert, they collect personal user info promising free credit. Even if they give free credit for real I would not enter my personal  details to some hacker online
Fake app The app for earn 6 rupees and i download it then no earn required it is fake app
This app is totally fake... My friend this app is totally fake I am recharge to 30 rupees and my wallet money 31 rupees I am try 40 time but only one notify you received 48 hours to receive but I am not received any balance..
Don't even ogle at it Wastage of data,wastage of time,wastage of memory,wastage of patience,wastage of ...........gtgtgtgtgt
No recharge Haven't got any downloading apps recharge after using 2 or more weeks. Its kinda scam.. Just got instant money. N nothing more than that
Fake fake fake Guys dont download its fully fake does not give money
