Worthless service Reasons 1 No reliability, on the day of delivering the order, they have cancelled it saying they don't have this. 2 got one call saying we couldn't deliver, no email communication about the refund, you have to follow up for your money 3 By ordering, you will get disappointment not from zopper but also from the fact that you have lost other deals available that time from other retailers. Order id 62130150, also emailed. 4 they wont respond to your email 5 regret
Worst app World ka worst app h bc chlta chlta band ho jata h or rates bht high h boss as compared with retailers. Soo I  suggest don't download this app its nthng just waste of urr time and ur data pack
Zopper...aka OOS Zopper shld be called as OOS...out of stock... Either they don't have stock or they don't have product...rather then spending money on AD in TV..they should have worked on the shelf...or making items available...atleast basic stuff.. ...rather then expanding...they should work on establishing. They will take long time to fight players like flipkart and snapdeal. No hard feelings for anyone but really disappointing start.
Not good What is good  concept and offer zone. What is bad  Everything except above.  UI is bad . Prices expensive that other sites. Exchange offer are there  but then what  What is the price that I will get after exchange  Nothing. Agree that they have just started . When other started they were  not this much bad. I see the feature , this site will be slowly diminished  similar to what is happening to shopclues , rediff shop, times etc. You need to give offers and good prices , here's nothing.
Not recommended I downloaded this app after a msg from this site saying cheapest iPhone 6s and nexus 5. After checking the site it showed 0 off as on 12 Nov... At the same time apps like flip kart and snapdeal are giving some off and not to talk about AMAZON I love em they are giving at least 6000 off... Dude... You want to sell...please do so but dont fool people by sending wrong SMS...DISLIKED and UNINSTALLED
So Costly Not For A budget man Electronics items are much costly its the worst and snapdeal,flipkart,ebay are the best an cheaper Aur agar zopper khola hi hai online to fir market rates se to kam hona chahiye market rates jitna ho to kya fayda dukan se jaakar le lo kam se ka online warranty to nahi hogi aur product ko puri tarah jannna bhi milega iss me to do teen foto aur do teen features dikha ke pata diya
Waste of downloading Absolutely total waste booked 10 times 10 times my order was cancelled waste of time you couldn't purchase a single product from it just opening a website doesn't make a sense first be successful in placing an order booked more than 10 times I'm really shocked to say that all my orders were cancelled first fulfill and then give advertisements bakwass felling more to say but it is public
Total worst Hamare paas bahut option hai saaman kharidne ki toh logon ko chutiya mat banao saalo.jitna paisa tum ye app banane me TV pe ad dikhane me lagate ho utne me koi dhanda karo taki dusron ko bhi kaam mil sake.ye sabse alsu ka dhanda karke logon ka jeb mat kaato please.
Bad experience When i placed order, i was not able to see tentative delivery date.  I thought it is locally sourced so i should get products in a day or two. After chasing on emails ,bcoz of no phone customer care, i was told that will take little longer..later order canceled after 7 days and now i am chasing for refund...VERY BAD..later post apologies i placed another order ID 4350988 ....again no update Latest now order status converted to delivered...yet no product delivered..
Close your fraud cheating shop Fraud worst making people fools pls don't try hazardous for your money offering 98 discount logically possible tell
Worst Not mentioned min cart value should me 2000 for using wallet. And the prices are also high compared with other sites.
Wroth less..  Totally unsatisfactory App Just 1 star for this ... I m trying to buying iphone 6s but not able to make payment via ola wallet..  always showing 0 where already there is some money wallet.. bugy app... suggest Not to download cz NO INSTANT SUPPORT no one are helping here...
Simply the worst You cant find any relevant products and what you find would be out of stock, app is not user friendly either.
Frustrating experience I guess these people just dont know what they are doing .. dont have any customer care number .. dont respond to in app support and emails .. and they do call you telling you everyday order will be delivered today but it does not .. 3rd day still waiting .. after emailing they do call but calls get cut every time and there is no way to contact them through phone and emails yeah they arent big fan of it either ..
After expiry of offer they cancelled order I used to pay ola money to get 15 cashback offer and now the offer is expired so they cancelled my order from there end so beware of fraud by zopper .now I don't have option to use ola money in other stores for refrigerator .
Worst app They dint deliver my order since 6 days.they dont have contact num even.if we submit feedback they keep on replying wit same automated message
Product variety is not there and many things are not available or out of stock other sites offer lot of variety to choose from
No advantage App  What's the use of this App Here you can book the order with a physical store AT A MUCH HIGHER PRICE AS COMPARED TO ON LINE STORES OR EVEN AS COMPARED TO YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD STORE .... Thus serves no purpose at all  Keep away ... 2 Stars for the efforts in developing this App which is well designed otherwise ...
Order not received Dear it's a first very bad experience. Order not received yet. Booked Philips trimmer but now they are telling that product is not available and order was cancelled. No communication yet. Very poor service.
Bad app.. Very costly product,even some are out of stock...waste of time..flipkart snapdeal are much btr than u .
Cheater app it is better to shut your app bcz a single product is not avaliable at your web...this is 9 th change when i order md from yr end it sys that product is inavaliable
Too much expensive products You may get lot cheaper on any other website than this..  It's waste of money bro..  Why would I even buy anything from your app..  Don't tell me it's market value..  Eg Samsung Galaxy s6 is worth 56k on your app .. The same this is provided by flipkart at 44k .. Why would I give you 12k more .. Dude 12k .. I can get new phone in 12k ... It's just an example..  Take any product and you'll find it cheaper..  Huge price differences
Worst app Cancelled my order and both the items are in stock then what's the use of this app Take 56 days to deliver where others send with in 1 day
Worst Service Product Delivery was too late. Delivery time expired  but still order not confirmed. Dont expected this from local. First and Last purchased from Zopper.
Pathetic team and bunch of liars When i ordered my first product with Zopper yesterday, i was told that the product will be delivered in 24 Hrs. Now today they tell me that the product will take 25 additional hours to get delivered. This was my first try with Zopper and i am certain that tyr last one. These guys have pathetic service and are big time liars. Guys learn something from Amazon and Flipkart abouy how they do their 24 hours delivery. Anyways, i am never gonna use your service again.
Totally hopeless I wanted to order A tab of Samsung but out of stock I kept on trying, thinking  for some hope...I wanted to gift it to my daughter on her Bday but the day passed and couldn't gift it to her....rubbish and I have no words... shame on u guys..
Just another app. This app is actually of no use... Prices to high . I will still prefer amazonflipkart . In fact going to store and bargaining will also give a good deal in comparison to this app.
Except for the UI. Everything is useless. As many people have mentioned before this app serves no purpose. The Hyper Local terminology is misleading. I visited mentioned seller and the product was available at much leser price compared to listing on app and even lesser at E Stores like Amazon and Flipkart. Would comeback for sure if listings show reasonable price till then it's an expensive alternative which I might never use.
