Crap ware Oh it works fine, except for their customer feedback form, which NEVER goes anywhere. And the BS where the app autoupdated, turned itself on and started notifying me about NFL stuff. WTF I don't care about the NFL stuff. I didn't activate the app. I'd remove the Verizon crapware if I wanted to put forth the effort.
Absurd how it gives you a update story then when you click on it to read about the story it takes 5minutes to find it, score updates always late when they come at all and story updates in the middle of the night is outrageous older version was 100 more user friendly
Too many interruptions in streaming.  And I loathe what Goodell did to the N.E. Patriots, Robert Kraft, and Tom Brady.
Bet it's fine, but don't want it I wish I could delete it bc it's not my choice to still have it on my phone...
Verizon junk. Don't want it. Now popping up alerts.  Can't get rid of it. Thanks Verizon
Didn't ask for it I do not like that I keep getting messages about what has happened to these football players. I frankly do not care about what is happening to them. They chose to play football and Verizon chose to make this important. It is not important to me period. I wish I could delete this app all together. It is wasting my data.
Description lacking. I use this app occasionally to check a score or view some highlights when I can't use a computer. I would actually use it to watch some games if you would allow me to Chromecast it to my TV. Also, when you put out updates you need to include a what's new section like everyone else. This is important even for minor bug fixes.
Don't want it sucks Why can't I uninstall
App won't open The app doesn't even open anymore. It did when I originally downloaded it but for a while now when I go to open it the front page just loads and loads and loads but never opens.
Garbage app Can't uninstall, a waste of space.
FAIL for not letting me watch live NFL games. FAIL FAIL FAIL
Blocks you from casting They block you from casting to another screen when you're paying a premium to be with Verizon who has the rights to NFL Mobile.  Lame they will allow you to watch it on your phone but not another screen  A pathetic attempt to make people subscribe to their worthless TV network. Greatly devalues NFL mobile as a service to verizon customers.
Terrible Unfortunately no other option for comprehensive football coverage, but this app is terrible. The score updates are regularly an hour behind, it is difficult to look up schedule by teams, and it doesn't include TV information.
