Worst of the world all cheating. I purchased material for gate of SD card for 1990 only empty nothing is there in it please don't purchase any thing from iprof all bullshit   i was purchased gate material of sdcard which was not working i was informed so many times you never bothering person who paid money and waiting for you. you are most notorious cheaters i request all people who are awiting to purchasing material from iprof dont buy any thing.
very bad app this app doesn't have edit option  and if we wan't to delete the number we can't do it.so please see it to that .
It is not free Worst app for any course u want to pay.
Rehan Its usefull but many times force closed.
Hate daily 10 phone call comes from iprof I just downloaded the app to see whats in it but they call daily on my number to ask me to weather i want to apply for any course i said no many times but they are still not stopping calling me daily 10 times in a day
Worst app Never ever use this app it is ur biggest fault. Their whole notes r wrong and no response on doubts and problems .
plz is App koi bhi bhi download karo ye Aapko call karge aur bolge k memory lelo Aap sb shik jayge fhir Ye Aapko 9'99 ki memory denge aur usme kuch nahi hoga wo khali hota hai Aap banjoge ullo
Bkwas
Videos are not lucid. I teach IIT maths myself and I did not find the videosat lest the free ones well made. I mean no disrespect to the teachers I am talking about the style and method of the videos. Strictly my opinion though.
its not free Though they say its free but its not. For bank PO and for all other courses there is a fee. If we have to pay then why not pay to a tuition center, we can ask questions if we have doubts. POSITIVELY DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Worst app and not free app This is worst app and taking so much time to load...this is not a free app...i want to learn english but when  access to this app they demand money..there are many free apps available in the play store
Money money Don't cheat people , with their reviews you gonna lose your market for sure  Don't advertise that you are giving for free and charge later on 
BAD VERSION Updated version did not work properly on ofline mode...My course don't recognize it without internet connection....plz fix it I have lot of problems with this updated version.....
Fake app Everything in free and paid courses are non technical. Nothing works. They teaches just fake things.
I paid for a course  start downloading but now I can't access that.
I dint get.. I paid for a course and started downloading it..But now I can't access that.
Don't waste your time It's not free. There plenty of other sites which are offering better tutorials for hadoop
Don't download Don't download its not free
Worst  I would rate 1 if der was a black star provided  None of the course is free .... app is useless
Very worst Please dont download this app
Good
Can't login
ok
No Raise Doubt .They are cheater.. there is no option of raise doubt and start discussion in updated version of this app..if you have any doubt then you will be helpless....this is kind of update they are providing...quite dissatisfied... please don't update your old version if you want these options bcoz there is no option of rollback....
It is good to have everything in one bt  it charges additional cost nothing is free  i see only test of related subject  and main content is being charged which makes it useless
very bad experience the volume of the video is sometimes not audible.The content that i have on my sd card does not open with even by touching multiple times.
I have been offered pendrive video class .so i just booked it but i cann't open video from window media player .Suggest me which will support in my mini laptop
