Needs to repair the app Its having problem when I redeem an amount .I recommend all the users don't waste your data on this app.
I didnt get the money for shop n earn task. I purchased a mobile in snapdeal through this app but i didnt get the money. I had contacted coustomer support but even there is no reply from them.
My all earning has been gone . I have 400500 in my wallet after a couple of days it is 0 . What is this ett   Please give back me the money
Listen here Mcent is far the best app for getting airtime gifts ... they won't lag for crediting rewards ... they won't show apps on which you won't get rewards ... earn talk time will give shocks in every app download 
apps invitation is good but apps downloading bad i am downloaded so many apps but not give money
I like it. I earned good income
Vivek Hey guys plz dont download this app bcoz I think this app is a fake apps n it does not endorse any money to account. I have downloaded so many apps but I have not received any redemption money.  So be aware
I don't open this app
Kachote Vijay
rm supper
Third class app I'll install infibeam and Alive , and automatically removed from ongoing. If you're not credited so why give terms to install app for 15 days. Don't waste your time, money and data for this app.
ASUS ZenFone2 Download the app verify no successfully but open the app massage display..WE  CURRENTLY DO NOT SUPPORT this DEVICE PLZ TRY ANOTHER DEVICE  why
EMAIL done, I Got reply to email. BUT Dint Got credits yet. Reason advertiser dint gave confirmation. I downloaded EROS, DU BATTERY, FLIPKART, DROOM App, Oxygen wallet. Its now more than 32 days.. iys a huge loss, I trusted this App.. when email done they say, Advertiser confirmation not recieved. Wait for it. Now its a month over. Still wait.. what to say now... BAD EXPERIENCE. Friends Use this App At your Own risk. Sometime you will get credits and many times you wont.
Very poor app..fake app I don't get any rewand from DAT app..I download lime bt don't get any rewand...fake hai ye app ise install na karo aap ka data chusegi...
Fake app... Just Installed 15 apps and got 76rs balance in my wallet and when I did the 50rs top up on my number amount from the wallet was deducted but no talktime was received...
