Not for study very bad ad Well while you are reading ebooks at the top of the page lots of annoying and disturbing ads. It seems that they made the app not for study
Not a gr8 App I couldnt read anythin clearly. the 'ncertnot to be pubished' appears on almost every page.moroever i couldnt download some books
Quite well...need improvements Nice way to study but if you are official NCERT,why you don't add exemplary books...sometimes chapter problem also occur....and the worst part os that you guys never reply to any comment...just tell whats the hell...whupy couldnt you solve the problem of others...would have been given 4 stars if you have replied to others comments.......JUST HOPING MY COMMENT WOULD ALSO LEFT UNANSWERED..isnt it......lets see
Screen rotation in SG note 4 not effective. Some how I cannot read in a bigger screen by enabling screen rotation.
Time waste Albeit m having 3G speed then also it's not opening up... Saying connection problem.  Will rate 5 once the problem is solved
The hell No preview available  Every time I try to click the read symbol, I get a 'No preview available'. I have to download each chapter of over century pages on my cell phone to read it. What kind of application is this Consuming a lot of my cell phone's memory, wasting my time as well. Bloody makers work on it rather than getting ur asses glued to ur bed Disgusting
Disappointing Most of the chapters are but damaged or corrupted. Extremely time consuming application that deems errata unimportant to omit it. Please head over to NCERT's website for unfettered downloads
Good try NCERT. But Too many ads. Very irritating. Also Pages dont rotate for ease of reading. Good try NCERT. But Too many ads. Very irritating. Also Pages dont rotate for ease of reading.
Simply of no use... I don't know why there is bakwas apps existing in play store....
Please don't download It is not working when I opened it. I don't know what is the problem. Whom ever made this App please look into this matter. Please don't take it in any other manner. THANK YOU
There was an appointment scholly which was much better than this.chapter name not givenno compact listing of downloaded books etc
