Pop ups are ridiculous I agree with the other reviews. You have crossed the line with the new tournament pop ups after every single  turn. There should be an option to turn off reminders and invitations for the tournaments and the my little pony stuff. Those show downs are a sham anyway. I stopped playing the tournaments and the showdowns a while back but I still get constant reminders to play them. Annoying
I have the paid version but it sure doesn't feel like it with all the crap they throw at you This is one of my favorite games  I play it daily, but I'm getting tired of all the pop up crap such as my little pony garbage, dice master show down and some other matchup. Quit shoving that crap down my throat  make a way to turn it off or hide it. My Little Pony Seriously My little pony is for preschool girls not 41 year old grown men. Quit with the gay crap already
Read the other reviews.. we are fed up After my games are done, I am uninstalling.  I'm tired of the childish challenges, not placing in tourneys anymore, not getting any more than 3 bonus rolls on scratchers, the over intrusive pop up reminders after every turn.. more annoying than fun. Bring back freerolls. Corporate greed sucks makes you lose a lot players
I paid for the app to get rid of ads I personally view all the annoying pop ups promoting another game format as an ad. It may be internal and native to the game, buy it is still an ad. I bought the app to not be annoyed by such things. Stop pushing so hard.
No more scratchers It's all about the bottom line. No longer a free scratcher after each game. No more scratchers at all, ever. Oh yeah, unless you BUY them. I used to enjoy playing this game, now my opponents are lucky if I take my turn more than once a week. I'm on the verge of not playing altogether, and uninstalling. Thanks for your selfishness.
Hate being forced to update It was slow before... now it stinks. Hate all the junk. Will finish games I have going and then will remove it. Use to be a fun game. I truly hate the way this game is now. Can I have a ranking of 0.
Not great Everytime I update it starts having errors Frustrated. Had this game for several yrs and it worked great. Not anymore. Too many changes and they can't seem to keep it working. Deleting it I'm done
Terrible... Terrible... Terrible... Would rate less than 0......Freezing up almost every time used Has NOT been corrected...  Just gets worse with each update...  Emailed and asked repeatedly...  Does not work on Samsung Galaxy Note 4 or Lenovo Yoga Tablet 10...  NEVER has kept track of game wins...  OR bonus rolls...  NOW won't even give you a scratcher when you WIN one....  GOOGLE PLAY NEEDS TO GET INVOLVED...  Please FIX.....
Undo Updates... This game used to be fun. I enjoyed playing it and doing the occasional challenge, but I am over the ridiculously named challenges popping up every day. I made a mistake of playing one and it will never go away. I can't even delete it. Make an option to turn those off in the settings because it's really annoying.
Craps Had the paid version but useless you lose just the same,  bonus rolls are a ploy. What a croc.
OMG FIX IT You all NEED to fix you scratchers. They pop up and disappear before you can even scratch them. You want people to buy them, well then FIX them. HELLO you're losing money
What the heck 100 scratchers and not even 1 bonus roll won.  Why even offer scratchers if you never won bonus rolls  What a crock of carp.
Note 4  s4 You all are conmen    i paid for zero ads..  And its filled with  promos and pop ups all considered ads
Paid for version and it still has adds I paid for this app not to see adds. Pop ups continue to pop up. The developers have too much time on there hands to just sit around and figure out how to annoy people. Everyone that reads this needs to let these people know how annoyed we are by contacting their customer support and complain
Stop with the popups Paid for the game and no way of stopping the game's own ads.. Stop it
Scratchers Never get scratchers after a game anymore. They say they are unlocked in the store but they arent there. Lame
Stop all the dice pop ups I paid for the ad free version only to deal with pop ups from the manufacturer to buy their custom dice for 100 dollars. F
