MAPQUEST Almost cost me my job. Its unreliable and pathetic. Its getting worse as time passes .
Crap I gave it three addresses to find. Two it failed to find anything, one was out by about 50 miles. Utter rubbish
App needs work Landscape mode is still terrible.
Not Won't let me adjust my route
Kansas Does not have local address's
No Audio The audio step by step isn't working
Mapquest No setting for mass transit
App stopped During the first use, app stops.   Uninstalling.   One strike and you are out.
What happened Who are you and what have you done with my map quest Why ruin a good thing Black and white The voice is enough to make you throw up and takes forever to load. I'm sad....
Why First, the app takes a lot longer to load than it used to.  Second, on multiple occassions, it has simply refused to find my current location, when 2 others apps on my phone can find me with no difficulty.  Finally, temperature readings onscreen  Why, in gods name does my GPS app need to tell me the temp  I have a million weather apps available to me if I want the weather report.  Ditch the extra garbage, and please go back to what you USED to be good at
Constantly sends me in circles This app has made me scream at my phone more than once. It constantly fails midtrip and even worse, sends me on a wild goose chase, making a 20 minute trip into a 50 minute ramble everywhere but where I need to be. It's even had me drive past my destination and make multiple U turns. I HATE THIS APP
Inaccurate,  way out of date Businesses are listed that went out of business years ago,  location markers are over a quarter mile off,  and there is no way to submit error corrections. Furthermore,  i cannot add my business without paying a subscription fee to a 3rd party. With all this innacuracy,  why bother to use it at all.  Google has errors but they do take feedback and make corrections,  free,  and within a week or two of submission,  far better.
Changed for the Worse This app was my go to travel app until they changed to this new UI. Routes now don't show when sent from a browser, the directors no longer print, and is so unreliable that I've gone back to a folding map to make sure I get where I need to go.
Too much advertising to use for driving yet I must. Can not lock north to top of page Used as sales tool so need clear directions to hundreds of locations can not stop popups
New updates  and new design sucks Hesitates at turns. You are pass  your turn,  then it talks. Gets confused gives several u turn around commands.  The old one was fine. New updates suck....don't install.
Inaccurate This application is slow starting, inaccurate and when I contacted them they said they would fix the inaccuracy that I found.  It's been over a month.  With technology today I expect it to be done.
Horrible since update. Now the maps are not clear. Before, maps were crystal clear and could zoom in for closeup view. Need to go back to previous version or fix this one.
I have a touch screen. I wanted to change the route because it had me going in the opposite direction of the route that   I use to exit my subdivision.  I can't drag a pin to change it because the map moves
