Difference between free and paid I'm not sure this app lives up to the hype,  had free and paid installed free said I had 6 hours bat left,  paid one said 12 hours so which one is lying,  how does it measure the time left,  does it kill the app, let me know
Not sure what's going on but Your battery percentage indicator is going down like really fast once bellow 20...then it jumps to 15...11...7..off...all of that in 3 minutes....
Scam Yes it does your battery but you're better drink a lot faster you can have 17 hours and 40 minutes animate later you can have 17 hours and 20 minutes I feel like they just took my money and I would not buy it save your money and buy something better I wish I could get a refund
Almost 5 stars Must 5. My device rooted but this app cannot work in my device especially for lower cpu frequency. Please help
Cannot detect root My phone is rooted yet it tells me it isn't. Won't even ask for root permission when choosing the lower CPU function. It just says it needs root.  I do lots of stuff with my ROOTED phone, but this app can't tell my phone is rooted.
R S Nair I have a pro version of yours using it for the last few months. It's not getting updated with any new features as appearing in your free version. If any new features are added those should also made available to paid version customers as well.
Ihave purchased the pro version of the said app from google play store. I am having trouble using the utorrent app. I have added the utorrent app under the protection but then too the battery saver isn't letting it download anything. I am able to open the downloader, add the torrent but its downloading speed is 0kb. So i uninstalled the battery saver and i am once again getting the normal dload speed. Please help. Why wont du battery saver let me download
Broken CPU Control When Rooted, No Support Sad that there is zero documentation for this app. It's trashed on XDA because of the focus on shutting down shops in the background which is a fake out in Android, they just restart.  A few of the functions can work, but no documentation, and it doesn't work on rooted phones for CPU control. Pass on this app.
Has a huge memory footprint. This app works like AV app with a ram usage of 3035MB. It's a battery saver app not a ram hoger. It's ram usage will itself cause battery drain. Customization is good, but without the core functionality of being light on system the purpose is defeated of battery saving. Secondly, the app itself is not update for a while.
I left my phone sitting idle for 9 hours at work with only 20 minutes of screen time and my phone dropped from 100 to 57  during that time.  This app actually hurt my battery life.  My phone lasts longer without it.  Also in advanced saving it tells you you records all your input INCLUDING CREDIT CARD NUMBERS  Now I have to worry some developer has my card information and why they need that can only be for a bad reason.  I uninstalled and I paid 3 bucks for this useless dangerous app.
