Won't load today Can you guys fix this It won't  load today. java.lang.Exception is thrown. Can you guys fix it or at least tell me why it's doing that
It does Not Let me Go On the app Every time I load it up it says that there is an error
Doesn't link Says scan code, so I hold phone where code is in the box and I stand there while nothing happens. No further instruction, no shutter button... Then I manually enter, with the keyboard, a valid code and it says invalid or old code. The one time I really wanted to use this terrible app it is of no use.... thanks for the headache.
Works great on my IPad,but on my android device it's the most frustrating experience ever.Crashes at least 4 to 5 times before it loads the live broadcasts screen,then it takes at least 3 to 5 minutes to download a stream.Also,I can't make comments during someone's stream,how am I supposed to troll with thatGuess I'll just stick to using my PS4.
App not loading can get to load screen with the loading bar nd ps logo but just stops close to the end of the loading bar please can u get this fixed
It freezes on sign in to psn page It didn't used too but it does now, though I was always signed in anyway, now I'm manually signed out I can't sign in please can u kindly help me
Stupid apps Don't waste your time download this app...so useless...so many bug...unable to connect even in same network...easy to disconnected...the worst apps ever
Connection timed out Tried on different wifi networks and mobile data, somehow connection always times out Steam and xbox app work quite fine. What am i supposed to do with this app if it doesnt even open its home screen
Messages It's very basic but it gets the job done....sort of. I am able to send messages just fine but for some reason I'm incapable of reading what people send back. It first started with one or two people I can't read but now no matter who I message, I can't read their response at all. I've tried reinstalling a few times. I'm using the app on Galaxy 5. Does anyone know if this problem can be fixed or if it's the app I would 5 but this problem messes with game planning.
I can't sign in I went to reply to a message and it said an error occurred and signed me out so I tried signing back in and it kept saying an error occurred repeatedly, I even closed the app completely and tried again with no success, so I tried uninstalling then reinstalling this also failed. So, will you please fix this
Can not connect Constant can not connect to the server within time limit. A once useful app made frustrating and useless.
Stopped Working I've had this on my phone for years. It's suddenly not connecting to PSN. i just get an error message all the time.
Needs to be fixed I've never written a review for an app before, but since this app was acting up so bad, I had to send a review. First off, whenever I try to load in it will say, An error has occurred. Or There was an error with the lime limit. Or overall, it literally takes an eternity just to see who's online when I'm not at home. Honestly, this is really getting frustrating and I would really appreciate it if there was a fix. Will rate 5 stars if resolved.
Needs fix. Whenever I try to change my profile picture the app restarts having no success in changing it. That's basically why I use the app, to change my profile pic and I can't even do that. It worked perfectly before. UPDATE still having issues, app restarts anytime I try to go to the store too.
