Worst game ever This is literally the worst game I have ever played I mean this makes no sense like the crocodile likewise there an open space and not even under water and seriously its so boring is literally making my brain hurt don't play this game trust me
Missed the mark Graphics are very good. Movement seems okay, but, and this is the clincher, the attack function fully and completly stinks and is useless. Got up close to the shooter in the boat, could only nudge the boat with attack. Climbed up INTO the boat with the shooter, still wouldn't attack him. I died, game over......write review...then uninstall and find somthing else to play.
NICE GAME I LIKE GAME KONTOL MEMEK JANGAN DIDONLOT ANJING MASA BUAYA BISA NAEK DI ATAS ORANG WKWOWKWO GOBLOK ANJING CACAT BANGSAT
Hate it Believe me this is the worst game on earth it doesn't even let you get under water it is a stupid game
Poorly executed Annoyingly bad controls, hovering crocs and stiff moves. Uninstalled after 5 mins.
It looks amazing but... This is not right. I got stuck on a stupid life preserver.
Don't download Bad picture  quality and just plain stupid
i don't want to play this anymore... this game is suck.... i thought it was a good game but when i played it... it makes me disappoint... when u try to eat the man on the boat and u land on the boat... seriously it's hard to get out of it....
IT SUCKS I can't move I die randomly and the graphics are horrible
STUPID What kind of game is this so stupid people with guns they kill u that's stupid
The game sucks Well first the game has no meaning at all, all you is swim with a very crappy control system around and eat people witch some times the button for attack doesent work when it does work all it does is make the gator jump out of the water supposedly eating the people but when i went to eat someone it jumped in top of them being shot by one of the shooters it would be halfbstar for.graffics but their isnt a half star for the rating scale honestly the game sucks
Never get this  When I attack I jump...A jumping crocidile amazing never seen by man beforeAnyway the game is the worst it says I can crawl on land but you can't, after one go I have unistalled it.
 Believe me, you can't imagine how badly this game.
Not best game in the world I hate games like this they are so laggy please make it not laggy
I'm not even going to say anything about iy
Lame I would give it no stars...if that was possible
It sucks I didn't there is time
Easily the stupidest thing ever made
Dum the move button  is in the way don't play
Worst ever Kill me dead it is the worst never install this game.TRUST ME
 I cant go underwater
Um kept getting stuck, and not a very smooth motion UNINSTALL
WORST THING EVER I hate this game 
Poop This is a great game...FOR ME TO POOP ON
This is garbage Who ever developed this game. Kill yourself
I hate this game and u can't go as far
Nope To many ads, not optimized, not worth it.
