Shit not giving any recharges at al No one go for this app..its just blody fake...it wont give any recharges at al...recharge section doesnot work for any network providers guys so dont try this one please
Fake app At 1st it has given app amount and referral amount. Yesterday I has 62 in my wallet and when I open d app today it's showing 0 .... a big zero.. I have mailed thrice but didn't get any reply from their support.  So pls don't download dis app.
Coz I can't give any lower Probably bogus, as I've Rs.16 in my account yet can't recharge for Rs.10... Says invalid amount... Are Yal trying to fool us by wasting our time Worst part is that before here I sent them an email regarding this with screenshots, but guess what No reply at all... Please try another app, not this, at least they'll rectify the error.
3rd class app dont waste ur time and data they Never give u a single recharge. every time its showing invalid recharge.
Waste app..... I had invited a frd yeasterday and he was downloaded the app from my link and also he downloaded one app also but till now i didn't get money ... Friends please don't download the app ....
admin  team a bunch of beggers seems this beggers didn't got the money to run the app  they steal money from the account or don't credit the money. They made me to write this after repeated mails  this beggers didn't replied to any of yhr mails ..really worst bunch of beggers
Beggars app Not at all getting money while am sharing it to my Friends .am wasting my MB by downloading another beggars apps which is recommended by this app.
Hated it Had 27 INR all of a sudden lost all the money worst app plesse fix the issur and it will be a 5 star
atleast a fake appl. dey always do d same plz dont install dis fake app guys. i reffred to many peoples bt dey only send 1 or 2 people money . i assure u it will not benifit u bcoz dey make me fool some time n again i send it to peoples bt still d problem is same didnt recieve any money.  n can everone plz tell me how can i rate it to 5 stars.     totally waste of time n data .. orignal fakers...
Not Good I share the link, and one of my friends download it from my sending link. But still didn't get Money in the wallet. Don't use this app. It's fake.
No refferel amount... I hate this app because it never give me refferel money..... i reffer my two friends but did not receive even a single money..
Fake fake Plsss don't download ....i earn 5000 rs in 1 month but all earning deduct by this app
Not able to recharge I have found a major bug in this app,
shit app after installing the app, u cant recharge . it's really  a fake app.
Greedy app I'm bot getting my reward for downloading amazon app and they are giving ads that rate us by giving more stars and telling that if I will give them more stars then they will give me best offers.If they want more stars then first of all give me my rewards for downloading amazon app.
Sabse bakwas app hai ye Maine do friend ko invite kiya aur dono ne bhi ye app try kiya plus inka offers try karke balance bhi paye par mujhe refferal money nahi mila
yesterday i got a message that if i installed three app today then i got 10 rs extra bonous but i cant get ..if i got my bonois then i will give 5 stars
Time waste I con't recharge it say recharge unsuccessful.invited records are not going to come
No referral money.. Still not received the money while friend has installed more than three apps.. Plz give a positive reply as soon as possible
Its fake Guys dont install i referred but i didnt get any referral bonus
Money not credited Going with the offers I'm downloading suggested apps but not a single penny is credited besides I've suggested many of my friends and out of it I've downloaded with that link to my family members despite of it nothing is credited. Before i was fascinated but now seems exhosted as my data is getting wasted and my time...
Bilkul bekar recharge he ni hota sali se..10 dal lo ya 20 Dal lo sala invalid recharge amount likha aata hai..download mat krna isko koi bhi sali bekar h ye
Not nice Till now I had invited 5 members but only 2 are cridet to me waste of inviting I had send aa email to pocket money for enquiries but they are nelegleting waste of time reward me soon other wise I will tell all my friends to write review bad I'm giving just 12 hours to u cridet my money within 12 hours otherwise see Bellshill apps pocket
Not giving referal amounts Worst app I have invited my frnds but not given any rewards
Totaly disgusting applications Dont waste your time and data balance for  pocket money because I invited my three friends and they also installed the application but still now reward not credited my account.
Worst Em not getting money on installing any app.. neither em getting money when my frndz download dis app through my given link..
Fake CHOR CHOR CHOR CHOR... Ihave 30 rps in my account.. wen i try to redeem it error accurs u have reach the limit of daily recharge...  guys dont dowload n waste ur tym.. This app sure deserve Minus star..
Don't pay for referral Some times pays for downloading but they don't credit for referring a friend. It is nothing but cheating .
