Great app..But... Too many ads...its extremely slow compare to the previous version...plus its starting to use way more data than b4...2 star rating at the moment
App gives useful information App's all good. Gives perfect information but is very slow when its used and switched on. I used lenovo vibe x2 and Samsung galaxy grand. Same issue in both the phones. Also would be better if it can give periodic updates regarding matches of our fav teams. More user friendly is appreciable.
Still no improvement Even in the previous version it's been a bad app slow loading, unresponsive menu, laggy, now you even add the ads. Congrats Goal, you really know how to make an aop
Started hating the advertisement I have had this app for a long time. I understand that the app is free. However, adding more layers of advertisements in each update is crazy. Uninstalling right after I post this
Old version was better Old version was much better. Lots of ads now, and some articles don't load. Why update the app to something worse for the user
Annoying Ads the dev has seriously fooked up what was earlier my go to app for football news, too many ads and sometimes the articles won't even load even when I'm on WiFi
Decrease in quality If you don't win an award for the 'buggiest' and sluggish app of the year 2015 then you can count yourself lucky. It's a sad tale how a great app like this suddenly falls below par. It's a shame.
Bloatware and full of full screen ads The focus here is not on football but how can they serve you ads at every opportunity Most of the ads are full screen and they come back as soon as you get rid of them. Horrible experience
This app is nauseating Rubbish,Annoying....
Very bad app after ver update In ver 7.4.4, it was a very good app. Responsive and content rich. But in ver 7.4.5, loading time is way too long and the app is sometimes not responding, also the ads are adding extra loading time.
Old version better Please reduce your ads
Useless Adverts everywhere and you can't escape them.
Ads Kok sekarang banyak iklannya sih ga asik...
TOO MUCH ADS Dear Developers, enough with the ads already
Worst update ever. Why would u update a perfect app and make it garbage . So many ads .its really annoying.  With each update this app is getting worse . Thinking of deleting it.
Used to be 5, but now the ads are just making me crazy
Berat dan lambat, parah... Update terakhir, kenapa berasa lebih berat ya
Rubbish One of the worst app.always say goal has stop working.
Update sucks Useless after the last update, and I really loved the app before Will uninstall if not fixed and switch to another football news application.
Hating this app Last update..too many ads..and always hangfreeze when open the app..used to be usefull,but now useless..this app sucks.
Apps unbearable To many adds Always switches to and opens browser
Pathetic Too much annoying ads that pop up and cant be closed stupid app
Suck. 0 stars Aplikasi paling ngelag. Gue update eh malah tambah parah ngelag nya. Padahal gw main game grafis tinggi lancar
Uninstall More ads and very laggy
Intrusivr ads. Uninstalling The video ads are just too much.. Destroying the whole viewing experience..
Very very slow...
Getting slow
Kebanyakan iklan
App is slow to load sometimes. I'm sure it has to do with all the ads. Is there no way to get rid of them
