Very dissatisfied Every time I make a transaction the city or name magically change and calling in to correct their own mistakes is a nightmare
MZ.JR I loaded this app about 4 days ago. It doesn't do anything at all. Only gives error message that it's having trouble loading. I really needed to use this app but if it's not fixed in 24 hours I'll have no choice but to delete it for wasting space.
DECLINE DECLINE DECLINE DECLINING MY TRANSACTION AND HOLDING THE MONEY FOR NO REASON AND SENDING ME AN EMAIL I SHOULD TRY WUPAY WHICH I PREVISOUSLY DID,BULLSHIT BULLSHIT  BULLSHIT.YOU ABSOLUTELY SUCK.MORONS
BS I've used the app for months my last transaction was put on hold. This is someone I've sent money to before Western union didn't tell me for two days. Uninstall and use Money Gram
It is unusable keeps telling  me it don't not have my email or password and then it won't let me resigned up
Broken app App won't open, it just crashes when I try. hTc One M8
I hate it now Every time I send money to my dad to the name I know him by but when it gets to mexico is completely different  so you have to change the last name back wards when u  send it ... when it gets to mexico it will be the right last name what the heck is that.... I use to love this app but now I cant have my 92 yr old man going back and forward to pick up 10.00 come on..... I am ready to delete this app one more chance and that is it
Not a happy camper Still doesn't open. Very slow. Really irritated that I can't send money with the app.
Too many errors Lately i have to reload the app to get it to work at all.
This app SUCKS It always takes forever to load  Time is money,  you should know that  Fix this piece of CRAP
Sucked for me. I couldn't choose a country for my billing address. Wasted my time making a profile, wasted the calories moving my thumbs, wasted the thought. No stars should be an option.
Well There seems to be guaranteed lock up freeze points when using the app.  For me after sliding to Contacts or Profile and choosing a sub tier of opinions auto stops and forces app to close.  Only able  to send money from new transaction.
Please Wait Please Wait Please Wait flashes and flashes on the screen, nothing ever works. This app is so slow,  it takes 15 to 30 seconds to log in another 15 to 30 to select anything. I have 4glte and WiFi at 50mbps DL and 10mbs Upload speeds. By far the worst app.  I'm using a Galaxy S5 which is not a slow phone.
Update needs an update Now the app says login timed out, then force closes when i try to log in. Please fix ASAP.
Refugee Currency Circulator Illegals Works great when illegals use it, but when I try to wire 20 for food it will not cooperate. F you WU, feed those immigrants my capital. Keep pumping them into my great nation, but let your veterans starve. I hope it hits the fan, and lands spakles all in your face.
I like it but i have to keep uninstalling it to use it again.. I have an inmate i send money too and it won't work unless i do that. Smh. It still is convenient when it works and affordable
Loading This app sucks. Gets stuck on please wait for forever.
Does not load Verizon Galaxy s4 app just says please wait and never loads. Garbage app.
