Hate the quizzes And I'm sure everyone else on Google Play agrees too This game will be 95 better if Angela takes out the lame quizzes
I liked her without the dress. I use to love the game but now I hate it cause it's all pixel looking now and she doesn't do anything when you talk to her. I liked the older vision better, plz fix 
Ugh Angela is so annoying she asks if you love me and she nagging. You to give her a ring plz fix it don't let tom say what she wants because she is kinda bossey
Hate it Angela is so boring if i try and say something nice it kill me. Because I used to  like the game but when text angela one thing she says something else and changes the sentences  and turn it into a big  fight.So i really don't like this game and by the way I'm young but I'm tough when comes to  games i dont so dont mess with the mine. So todles.
Not alright... Since I tried to open it, it always says unfortunately, Tom loves Angela has stopped Well how can you explain that Not good, not good at all... Fix this now or I'll never play with it again.
Don't bother buying this app When I ask her a question she rambels on about something else. Then when ginger throws a flower pot on my head she laughs and then talks about something else and I try to get back on track  and then she gets more off track and when I give her a ring she kisses me and then stuffs it in her back pocket don't waste your time with this boring app when she talks its like someone died her singing is OK I guess if I have to name something I like.
Hate it Now,I know the secret of this game.there is a cemara hiding somewhere.but I won't see it.people,please the maker of this can see u people.its all over the facebook.I will never download this.
Good but bad.. I enjoy it very much.. But app always automatically close after few minutes and it irritates me. Please fix this problem.. I will give 5 stars if u fix up this problem.. Otherwise it is a fun app if you solve this problem..
SCAM BE CAREFULL Guys if u wanna know why she snaps at u is because theres people behind her answering back by typeing. No Joke If u dont believe me get it and see for yourself.
Horrible It wont even let me open tha app on my phone it will say sorry unfortunately tom loves angela has stopped and i don't  like that now can u guys plz fix
Hate it Why is she not removing her dress if she don't I will say my friends to delete this game . I want to see her bum
You can make the videos longer so kids like me can make a real video. But other then that I love it.Oh, you could stop Tom and Angelina from only singing one song every time, I meen kids like me are starting to think   it is get ing old and annoying.
Hate it She sold talk about love or romance shes so dumb hate it .
Weird... My little sister has this game and when child mode is off, Angela is asking random questions... It is a little freaky when she knows exactly what I say. Feels like I am like being stalked...
Its too boring Simply waste of data. So many repeated things. Plz dnt download this
