identical bugs see also DC Comics crapp both apps seem to suffer from remarkably similar identical bugs. coincidence or correlation developed by Marvel, riiiiight... what about movin' this app to SdCard or ExtSdCard
Whenever I try to purchase a comics, a popup shows billing services are not working. And this happens  every time.Please fixs this problem.
Lost all my comics and can't download them again I had purchased the entire series of Thor comics.  I had to reset my phone due to a crash,  but after I downloaded the marvel app again,  I can't get any of my comics.  Absolutely ridiculous. Want my money back.....
Ugh I couldn't download any books beacaus it said i needed to be signed in When i tried to create an account, it wouldn't let me So annoying I am going to uninstall this  app
Couldn't use it Just couldn't create a username Tried for the longest time and gave up.
Just don't Worst app ever. Too many bugs to list them all. Blankblack pages while reading. Losses track of purchases. Doesn't work offline. In fact as it doesn't work offline is good, simply don't install this app and read directly in the browser.
None of the emails that I put work. Why can't  you make this work Can you make it easier on us so we can log in to facebook or some kind of other account maybe Google Plus
Hate the update I used to love this app. Finding any of the hundreds of comics I own was simple and worked great. Now the opposite is true. I have to use it only cause I have no choice if I want access to my comics but I am quite sad at how awful it is now.
Could be good I like the layout and UI, but I paid 20 for a star wars compilation and it only loads a few pages. I'm pretty upset about that...
Lazy developers 'Smart list' feature is Awful.  If you have older version DONT UPDATE.  If you have a large library the app hangs.  Hate to see apps get worse
C'mon the new Jessica Jones The comic looks horrible is all blurry. And it's only that one comic so pls fix
All of my comics are blurry making it hard to read on the phone even though they claim to be HD
Hate it. It doesn't let me sign in. Doesnt let me read books. Doesnt let me do anything. Wow.
Stinks like ur mamma Okay so I could see maybe charging a dollar or two but freaken 20 per comic. Freaken rich nerds
Registration fail I m new to this app when i registered a message showed that try another user name whats the problem with it i tried several usernames but again and again it shows the same message. Plz do something of this problem.
Piece of shite Worst app ever don't download   soon as u go to register. ..it tells u  YOUR EMAIL INVALID      UR APP IS FUKING DUMB   LUCKY I CAN'T VOTE NO STAR      SCUMBAGS
Comic malfunction I bought the infinity 1 book and downloaded it. I went to read it and it says something about some of the pages being deleted and to download it again. It has done this 5 times in a row already. Please help me.
Many bugs Library takes ages to load and downloading comics is apparently impossible
