I want a refund After it couldn't show any ship 2 weeks ago.. It came back to life for like an hour a few days later... But it's not updating.. Other free apps can show me exactly where all the ships are, but not vesselfinder pro. The only app i paid for is the one that's not functioning.
It sucks As a mariner I used this app to assist tracking vessels. It worked ok for the first 2 months, now it is dead. No boats to find. Not worth the money paid for it.
Doesn't work well Other,  FREE apps work much better and locate many more vessels than this Pro version.  I want a refund
Loved this app until a few days ago. I paid for this app about a year and a half ago and in the last few days it doesn't show anything at all. If it was free it wouldnt bother me much. I use this app quite a bit and now i cant use it at all. Please fix or gimme my money back.
Completely blank It was working fine until the update, now nothing appears at all. My partner is at sea and I use this to make sure his ship is ok etc. I paid the money for this app and I would like it to work or the money back please so I can get one that does work.
Load of sh1t.worked for 1month,then nothing.a scam.
Not working Paid for this app and all I got was a map No ships at all. I would like a refund please so I could use the money to go to another app thay actually tracks vessel's
Stop working... make it work or give my money  back
Not working since few days Bugfix need
It sucks  no ships after a month
Not sure Not working. No ships to be found.
No vessels showing ...after paying for full version... Looking for refund ...and notifying Google..
Unfortunately  app has stopped message Free one works fine, paid for pro version but won't work all on galaxy tab 2.
Why is it offline now Steady losing stars. This app when it works is the best one. Always gave accurate updates 10 mins apart and 99 of my fleet ships are always available to view, and I have around 30. The past 4 or 5 days, however, the app has been completely offline and useless What is going on Of the 3 apps I use to track vessels, the only one that doesn't work is the only one I paid for
pro version does not work. WHY Downloaded the vessel finder pro can't find the boat's that I was watching with the free version. Can you please tell me how to use it The free version was so easy to use. Plus I can't log in to the pro version 
Poor job tracking This app does a pretty bad job tracking US ships...my fleet is often several days behind which makes the app almost usless.  I like the information data base built into the system, but it does not make up for the bad job it does tracking ships.  Dont throw away money on this one like I did  Just look at all of us rating this app one star and believe it does not work very well
Vessel finder pro Does not show the ship location when the ship is in port. Very difficult to use. Not worth the 9.99.
Really hate it, no meaning cannot even retrive 1vessel name while other apps immediately showing the vessel.
Do not buy Innacurate as all get out
Not getting any ship info for past 2 or 3 days
waste
Doesn't work in the red sea and arabian gulf It's kinda good one but it doesn't work in the Damietta port, suez canal, red sea and arabian gulf so if you could do anything about it  and it'd be alot better if it can be combined with google maps
No need to buy this app You can see the same information for free with other apps or a browser. AIS only works near the coast, and if the port in question has implemented the AIS system, several important ports in South America do not have AIS,  such as Manaus Brazil, or La Guaira Venezuela. To see ships in the middle of the Atlantic needs to be done with satellites, and those are expensive subscription services.
Doesn't work on the Mississippi from st. Louis up Doesn't work from st. Louis to st. Paul on the Mississippi river.
Large coastal areas have no coverage at all West coast of Africa, and South America for example.This is very disappointing since even free webapp services provide coverage in those regions. I missed the two hour return window, and now the developers refuse to refund me.
AS data is not real time.  Disappointing as it cost 11 for stale data.
Not worth After sometime use cant detect any ship. Even if have only few ships. Wasted of money.
Want refund This app always stalls and takes forever to load. Also, every time you conduct a new vessel search it populates the vessel data from the prior boat. Way too many bugs and I can't believe I paid 9.99 us for this crap app.
Not a good app. Can't even track any.
