It was beautiful to me but not now I could watch any type of cricket, but not now. Now it keeps on giving me error.
Want LIVE without delayed I'm getting live coverage with 6 minutes delayed, please direct me what I am supposed to do to get without any delay.
Not a complete score app Why dont u give updates on other matches like Pak vs Eng which is also a current series.. not even score update... highlights is even far bigger thing...
Not able to watch live cricket I installed this app to watch live match and it just keeps on giving me error 127  not able to play this video. Check your internet. Now if I don't have internet that how it got installed and why I am able to see live score
please don't update..this goddamn app won't even start after updation...every time i try to run it,says unfortunately star sports has stopped
Bad 2 preroll ads come without any problem before the start of a video, but the content loads with bad videoaudio
No use Ads upload nicely and after that live cricket is just audible cant see it that too on wifi hate it i recommend not to install it
Super Very useful app for sports loving people but after this latest update its no longer up to its standards ....EVERYTIME IT SHOWS SOMETHING WENT WRONG
Disgusting When I play a video only I can hear sound the video is not playing please fix it 
Shakeel It's not a complete app for a cricket lover because it's not covering all the international cricket matches going on across the glob so only 1 star.
error 127 It doesn't run....always error...
Streaming not working Live streaming only worked on 1st day of install..after that none of the live matches streaming worked..though my net is absolutely fine
Bad Many times it not work properly.            Please solve my problem.
Can't watch la liga...very bad...do something.. No video option available for la liga
Good In Today live cricket match no option show in choose language
language option When i choose watch now option.. it shows a pop up message with no options and it discontinues
Star sports is app we can able see the live  cricket  when the power is not there
