Very worse experience on here According to yesterday contest download five more application via taskbuck every contestor win 200 cash back in contest hour but such cash back do'nt transfer in my taskbuck account.
not gave pay out reward i downloaded Amazon registered on it and started using but till now not got 1 rupee in wallet wasted my time and net and it happened before on my older devices also i didnt got single rupee1
When Rs.75 you give If I refer 3 frd then when you will give rs. 75 extra. One of my frd saying that you are not giving rs.75 extra.My frd refer 3 person in a day and not got extra 75
Biggest fake application in playstore.....  When u cmplet the task but no reward wil be add in ur account.....  Saala 300mb net khatam kiya iske piche aur kya mila ghanta baba ji ka
It's not working I have downloaded 2 apps from taskbucks Amazon and UC Browser 30 hours back and also I invited 3 of my friends and they have used my referral code while activation of account, sadly I didn't get even a single rupee from it.  Seems like a scam.
Super slow Sometimes it can be incredibly slow in crediting rewards. I downloaded and browsed yatra app and taskbucks acknowledged both. Then it said confirmation pending whether it is a first time install or not. This is my  1 month old phone and I haven't installed that app before. Still credit not received. And now yatra is not even showing in my tasks. Please resolve it
Not satisfied with this app I referred my friend and followed all d steps but still did not get d offered amt...so these ppl r jus fooling and getting downloads..
Will not pay for referrals And worst customer support ever I have referred 3 of my friends and they signed up using my referral code and completed their offer...They have received their credit but still my account is not credited...They say Bonus will be added..but never add..I have not received my bonus after referring my third friend..I have even mailed their support twice but still no reply Worst service
New Update Sucks New Update Does not  proceed further. .....i am not able to sign in to my account......After entering the number and Email....it shows verfication error occured...... In short we are not able to Sign In.......Please do d needful
Specified amount of referal nt being credited 2 of my invitations joined by my referal code.. and also downloaded an app .. so why the amount of referal has been credited to my account yet. Just do one.thing now..jus deregister the two.no wch used my referal alongwith my no. From.ur.database so neither of the numbera recieve any kindof msg frm ur end. Do hell with ur app.. fake app.. n mind u .. these no shud nt recieve ny kind of msg frm ur end.
Verification error My mobile number doesnot verified after trying 10 times.
It's all a lie I don't trust this apps any more. To earn More buck I download some apps s soon s I install they advice to browse the apps I installed for 5 minutes but I browse for n hours but I don't get any benefit till Nw. I hate this apps. Lieying is what I mostly hate. Don't ever download this apps u'll regrets guys...
Fake  promise In first impration this app seriously sucks., At first it promised a lot and continuously there was reward list on download off app's but after downloading 3app they paid for just one that too the lowest amount of rs5, I wish I could geav negative star's
Fake app I have installed so many apps around 15apps. For every app, we need to browse for 5min in the app. I have spent almost a day for all of them. I m so shy to share how much money11 they gave me. And every app installation, they said we need to wait for 7days. I will wait for next 7days and see how much they will give me......
It was nice app just only at the beginning Got all the cash back before but as the time goes on they don't even provide the referral bonus... I Invited 3 friends and just got the referral bonus only for the first one. Now, I'm going to uninstall it and suggest them also better to remove or uninstall. they don't believe in customer satisfaction.  now they will hav to pay the price
TaskBucks is Cheating its user As taskbuck have started offer earlier that it will give Moto E to people who download apps more then 5 but it does not give as I downloaded more then 7 apps .... Then also it has started this offer again .... TaskBucks is cheating its users.
