New update sucks.... Why why u guys updated this app....this being more worse now i can't watch any video in landscape mode coz it got hanged got stucked wish i could give 0 star
Why the ads only play at full resolution I don't have very fast Internet connection  its so frustrating that ads keep on buffering as they only play at highest quality. That makes your app very irritating.
Really Is this a updated version, what vr u pple thinking while recoding the software, u pple jst lost the reputation that hotstar old version gained, bravo u pple jst showed hw to jump from top 5  bottom 5.. No login, no favourite, no download, no  dislike, no settings.. Thanks..
Getting null403 error Hi, am using moto g 2nd generation. I have installed on my mobile and when opening getting.. status code403 null error
Wanted to give negative rating I wish I could give u negative rating, What u guyz were thinking before removing the download option. Do hell with this app
Issue Only audio, no video.. I see a black screen and audio is played . NOTE all ads have no issues Need help guys...
Updated Hot star New version is so lacking and hanging eveytime... Not at all happy with new version 
New version is not good Guys plz we can't access what we need to see in latest version.  Old version is much much better than the new version. Plz change to old version.
So True Mobile data network is weak. The video will resume when network improves  really guy's even 10 Mbps connection is weak your advertising runs well. you are loosing your repo day by day, star by star, don't do so much that the star goes hot and pop there is no star. D28 and D15 still problem help urgent.
Unable to download video I am.not getting login option after appearing all my downloaded video no longer available
Notification Bug Even after disabling emailmobile announcement in setting. They still keep coming man and its irritating even though it's about the 3 interests the app asked for. And don't know where to start on ads ,the whole logic of mobile TV is to provide individual interest and get rid of ads and you are bombarding us with commercials. Sooner or later Whatsapp of mobile TV will arrive and you Will Be left behind.
Worst D new update is worst of all I m unable to see my alredy downloaded videos n still it consumes a lot of storage n no video I hate d update I want old version back
Because after I updated hot star it is showing a error msg of retry although I I've good network so please solve this issue but apart from this app is awesome
Error Some problems are solved but some new r added why error note comes so many times even when network is good and other videos r playing well like youtube or twitter .solve this problem.This app can't adjust breaks of original show.in the breaks of the show if there is no ad the video stops suddenly and error during playback comes on the screen .Its so irritating solve the problem earlist
Worst worst worst The new update..is like a good come bad source. Really upset. Please change. I want the older version. It was better than this.
Terrible The newer version is third class and less user friendly  Previous one was good
Advertisement is creating problems I think that , HOTSTAR is a media where we could see our favourite shows without facing any hardles . But here comes a big problem ADVERTISE . When I followed a show in middle of this some adds are came and spoil my enjoyment by starting buffering ..... It's is very erritating and boaring . And it divers the viewers mind ..... so I requesting to the authrities  Please be minded about this problem ... and sort out this problem as soon as possible ...
Nonsence I have downloaded it my samsung galaxy tab 3. I am not at all able to open the app even once. It is always coming generic error, Please help me fix it. I thought of giving 0 stars.
Bad video quality Update is good but video streaming is not as good as youtube....your tech team sucks ...they are unable to solve this video quality problm
New update is worse than the older one The app is just the worse app ever used .. there is no option to download the videos... n also buffers a lot... lots of data used in this.. you guys r spending too much for uts promotion. . Rather than this you should concentrate on the quality of app ... use by yourself, then u will realise how bad it is...
New version is too bad I cant find the option of downloads..plz let me knw where is d download option to play anything offline
Bad update The new update is not working when i trying to play any video, it automatically closes and opens the default page again....i have been downloaded the app 4 times...
No value for Android I'd like to place a 1 rating though I love ur app. Reason is that u people doesn't provide d same value for Android when compared to Appe. U change d look  many more filtering options in Apple, but not in Android. I'm disappointed, plz provide n update the same environment for both platforms, then I'll give a 4
Last update is absolute non sense No downloads possible.. No categorization between shows and movies. No language filter. Earlier version had it all. Better get back the old or go fr another update. Unable to find out what is added unless it features in the home screen..
