don't buy this if you're going to use it with a controller. Controllers aren't fully supported, you can't use the right stick to look around. Pressing the left or right trigger sends the camera into an eternal spin xbox 360 controller, on asus nexus player
THIS IS REALLY GAY I spent 7 dollars on this game and it won't work I want a refund now I mean it if not I will call and have u in trouble get it fixed now AND I HAD TO RATE IT TO TELL U THIS I WANT A REFUND OR GET IT FIXED NOW
I cant even play it freaking lags on my grand x game sucks please make a new version for zte 777 grand x cause it lags too much fix for zte grand x 777 and its android fix please                      plus add multiplayer please and i put thise as 5 stars for ever 
Does not work with Moga Hero after Lollipop update. Bought this and picked up a Moga Hero yesterday but the lollipop update for Note 4 also came through on my Verizon Note 4 same time. Now GTA San Andreas and Vice City won't work with Moga. Will give 5 stars if this is fixed.
I cant download it Its too big of a app and I delete every single app that I can to download it. Its sad because its one of favorite games of all time.
Buggy want a refund please This is a great game but I had to turn down the settings so I can barley play.I see one car on the screen and the game has a fit. Please refund me and I will take down my review. Please refund me.
Used to love it...now crashes are all I get It keeps on crashing on my loading screen and the fact that rocks target have not come out with an update is ridiculous
To much storage I have a Samsung tab 4 with tons of storage But i hade to delete all of my games and 120 files  Minecraft doesn't even take up that much space  And it takes like 2 hours to download and my tablet downloaded minecraft in 5 second And to top it all off its SLOW  I WANT MY CASH BACK
2 devices on the supported list.... And none of them work. I download them and the installation fails. Fix this asap. Motorola droid mini and Google Nexus 7.
Disappointment Although there are improvements to the game, the textures look really muddy and overall make the game look ugly, even with all display settings turned up on a powerful samsung tab s 10.5
Omg Ok so i was going into my game and id just recently got into the part where you start missions in san fierro, so i was pretty far in. So i start up gta sa and go to press resume but realise its missing, turns out my game save got deleted. I also used the social club to put it in the cliud but it wont retrieve my data. Soz but thats it unless you guys can get my save back or something, i was just starting to get back into it and cant be bothered starting again. Please get my data back 
Not Working This keeps closing and says Unfortunately GTASA has stopped working. Purchase at your own risk
Awsome Do not get this game or any other rock star game or will eventually regret it my fricken game keeps on  lagging and takes me to my fricken home screen never get or buy this fricken annoying game rock star give my frecken money back then I will take take this post down just give  me my money 
No left handed option I can't believe there's no left handed option like on the vice city mobile version. This ruined the game for me. Thanks
Awesome game except glitches and bugs DEFINATLY needs more bug fixes currently cannot finish a mission without the game randomly stopping happens at the exact same part and is stopping me from playing and finishing this game please fix more bugs and glitches
DON'T BUY THIS GAME Was great game until it stopped working... Can you fix this or refund the money
