Not relaible Mostly time drivers not available or driver refuses to go
Convenience Charge You charge 15 as booking charges and then 10 bucks is added to the final bill as convenience charges which is a total of Rs. 25 to book a trip, variable cost being extra. So basically I'm just paying 2 rupees less per kilometer to sit in an auto instead of an Uber. Don't think I want to book a jugnoo again,  you guys need to rethink your pricing.
Worst update till date. No fare chart available. Have you forgot to add fare details option in the slide menu.
Autos They have less drivers in delhi, next to zero.. Poor service and sometimes even drivers deny for ride after picking it up.
Not able to sign up. Application says already 6 different user are registered. This is first time I am registering from my mobile.
Worst Service in Noida This is Third Time, I was using jugnoo but every time I didn't find any driver for jugnoo ride even autos were showing in GPS map. But always it shows our drivers are busy. I made a call on customer but didn't any responses from customer care also. Worst Service.
Overcharged and Incorrect location I travelled 2.5km but they deduct the money for 5km. That was my 1st ride. What the heck. I submitted the feedback after the ride but no action
HIGHLY UNRELIABLE, WASTE OF MONEY Highly unreliable application, Drivers start the rides at there own once you opt for an auto, you can't cancel the ride. Doesn't guarantee the service but you will get charged.Even in some cases charged after ride because driver didn't stop ride. TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY,  HIGHLY UNRELIABLE
Love this app I can't find the promo code......
Referal amount rs.100 not received I have referred my friend. As per the jugnoo offer my friend and i should get rs.100 but we received just Rs.40. This app is cheating ppl by showing more referal amount and not even giving half.
App Never assign a driver The worst app I have ever seen. Unable to book a auto even after trying 8 times.  App shows the auto is available and is 3 min away but when i try to book it, it shows cannot assign a driver. This happened more than 78 times. Very unreliable. If you dont have auto available then why do you show it on app My friend also faced the same problem. Worst app.
