Impossible to write text How the hell is it so hard to add text to a photo with this app I'm not sure if there's a bug or it's a crappy design, but this app is useless.
Good for Nothing After updating this App stuck n hang alot... I would say its better to download 2 app for collage n editing rather than wasting ur MB for this stupid App.
Furious DONT BUY ADD ONs I love the app, but I spent money on clip art on my cell, went to use them on my tablet and now they are gone saying I have to buy them AGAIN  Not NOT NOT HAPPY   update after dealing with rude customer service nothing has been done
upset So, i love the many cool things this app can do Adding text to pictures is a big pain and takes way too much time. I'm extreamly upset w the contests. Friendsirst they just didn't like my pic that i had spent hours on so they rejected it. then in another pic i had that was accepted and getting a lot of votes was all the sudden got rejected, so needless to say, I'm  very disappointed in the app and think the contests are full  of crap.
Keeps messing up edited images. I've had it with this app. 5 times it did the same thing. Said it was successfully downloaded to... blah blah blah, and when I go each and every single time after I REEDITED the image, it said error something went wrong no thumbnail or simply the all time favorite, a gray ugly screen I've had it. I'm going somewhere else. 2 hours wasted on this app for nothing but stress and bottled up anger.
The layering still needs to be white not checkered And It wood be better if they fix the zoom to  700 times zoom or 1000 zoom because it would be nice to get the tiny details and when you erase something from the top layer it would be nice do not see the checkered layers and not good enough and the zoom is still 500 not good enough and I have been giving you two good ideas a apply them please
Does not work So suddenly for last couple days I can do collages. If i wanna do a 5x1 and upload 5 photos as i used to do earlier, it will only upload 1 photo. The rest 4 photos wont be uploaded. I uninstalled and reinstalled, gave it few days still no avail. So i couldnt get to check the solution you guys gave with your upgrade. Please fix it asap
Samsung Galaxy S4 Freezes and crashes causing me to loose all my work at times. Sometimes in draw mode all of my layers turn white. Also the whole auto save option under draw mode doesn't work all the time either. I was drawing an eye and I finally got the lashes perfect. Since there's an auto save it's supposed to save your progress automatically yet it doesn't because I had to redraw the lashes. Also,after the new update picsart wont load.Very annoying
No redo button....I can't find it  I can undo or 'go back', but I have to start over after that  Please add a 'redo'  button.  If someone knows how to 'redo'  please reply to my comment.  The dang thing crashed before I could finish layering and save
It Doesn't Work Anymore Everytime I add a photo and adjust it how i want and Click the Check mark, it is in a super low quality. It looks like an old mario game. It needs to be fixed
Sparkles please I need sparkles. More realistic and single ones to add in different places. So many stickers and clip arts and barely any sparkles 
NOT HAPPY I can't open it it freezes everytime I try 
Dear picsart It's been 2 years i installed picsart but after i update it to the newest one. It can't be opened. Please fix it soon thank you...
