Challenges too hard Just WHY Really normal mode pff more like hard mode ronin kenshi boss has 150,000 health I couldn't even get past last five fights on jason challenge
Challenge The Kenshi challenge isn't showing up on my MKX while everyone else has it. There aren't any updates so I can't do anything. Please fix this I'm using the Samsung s5 Active and all previous challenges have worked. Why not this one
NOT WORKING ON MY LG G4 SO DISAPPOINTING... I have only 1 game and this is mortal combat x. My memory card is 64gb sd card and not full memory.
Way to many bugs Wb. Focus on fixing these damn bugs I Could play the game before then suddenly one day it decides it won't let me play anymore. It just keeps telling me that mkx has stopped for no apparent reason. jesus christ
Rly  I get a new tablet download game then boom crash pls pls. Pls pls pls pls pls pls FIX Man I was a big fan but now you don't read any comments.you don't fix any problems wow you guys are douches
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME I just got a new device, this game took an hr to download. Don't even work, so mad, ununstalling ......
Jason's x Ray Too much use of x Ray. .. kill him 3 times and he won't die and he uses x Ray too much almost impossible to beat . Even with gold characters at levels 30
LG G Flex2 I dowanload the game it's take big place on my phone drive but wtf when I open the game the game shows the starting tutorial fight and close automatically why  I tried many time but game is not running 
Why So you guys still aren't going to do anything about the game crashing after the fight introduction What a way to commit to your true fans
Buggy as can be Constantly crashes and needs to restart. Faction mode can't sync up results to the server. If you make a purchase you send up losing your stuff. I wish they would fix this application. Also does not work at all on nexus 6p. And Jason sucks big time...
Do Something Please Ban player using hack tools. Their stats is too damn high for their level, players 7 level upgraded, equipment all maxed. On 2nd day of Jason challenge I faced maxed upgraded jason slasher with mask equipment max upgraded 
After the new update the game doesn't open on my phone it just shutdowns after the fight between scorpion and sub zero. I am using a oneplus 2
My war points can't be resend and I tried so many time also im at a high rank to get Jason Vorhees
Back to the same old problems game says I have connection error sending my war points this is not on my end since I'm updating my rating plus not getting rewards at the end of faction wars.  Also alliance pack suck only get special power ups not random if that's all you get. would be nice to get special equipment cards for specific characters like I see in some of opponents during faction wars
Loved The Game. First When I play I was Thinking It Is Bad To Start With Booring Characters But When I Play I Was Thinking Of My Old Characters And Then My Luck Started  Working I Got More Powerful Characters Now I Loved The Game.
Will not load Since update the game will not load past the intro video. Just crashes. Was a great game before.
Lots of bugs This app has lots of bugs and seems there is no end to it. You may wake up one day and see everything is gone. You may not be able to access it for no reason. The game may simply crash on some characters. So despite of highend graphics and game play I would not recommend it to anyone because of the instability.
Bug I used level up card on possessed kenshi but the card did not increase his status and it also slow to lvl up and sometimes it refuses to lvl up at all
Sad I had an account on my ipad and when it needed to update and MKX also needed to update i updated my MKX but it wouldnt open. I updated my ipad but then all my gold cards, even my gunner gold card which i fouht hard for were all GONE.   Second, is that I always play my faction war but I dont get anything..  please help.
