It was good It was good now it lags and i cant play videos at all in the few rare times it does work it randomly lags then crashes the vid im watching it used to be an awsome app what happened I have reported it to suport havnt heard anything from them the app wont work on my g3 or on my tablet
UI isn't all too good, a huge amount of anime isn't here apparently, list is randomized for episodes, videos don't load well and the sound quality skips, also only a dark theme   Hopefully this is a bit better, review self deleted upon posting, hence why it was very vague. Sorry for any problems
Wtf I was watching sword art online but then the app got laggy after the 5th day of using it.. it buffers and the anime stops like every 5 seconds. Fix this please.
Unfortunately the app stops working At first I had a great time, some videos lagged but not to the point of irritation. Then all of a sudden it has stopped playing videos at all. Needs fixing.
No dubbed The video quality is quite good but none of the anime is dubbed English, therefore I am uninstalling.
AHHH I've been searching forever and can't find the anime I want in English dubbed, I would go on YouTube but the video is made horribly, I just wanna watch my shows, AHHHHH
Awful Whenever I try to search for an anime, the app simply closes and I get an error message. It's just about useless.
Ugh I couldn't even watch the show it just keep saying 'Loading' and pulls up the same screen I think it needs extra help
From 4 month it was a great app but  when i enter to video and when the advertissement end the video star and no audio or image or nothing
This stupid app This stupid app didn't work at all and I want it fix it was good at first but then crash everything stopped working
This app is really bad Since you guys didn't fix the problem found another app Its call anime watch  now I can finally watch without no problems  Anime Watch  Best app ever
Doesn't work at all I try watching anything and it won't load
this is so bullshit it always lack and thrn it kicks you out it also comes very latd out
Horrible If you try to watch just one episode, you wait 10 minutes in all of freezing. Its a waste of your time.
Disorder in video playing When i play the video it lags too much and sound is cripted as well.
Sucks Not really good becuz it's in Japanese or something and I can't understand it
It's confusing to use In the next update can you make it more organized
Downloaded just to say this I read a lot of the reviews on this app and say replies from the app development that was extremely rude, maybe they should listen to the reviews instead of being a smartass. Just an idea Update wrong i never messaged on this app before but thanks for looking like an idiot
