Disappointing LO has always been amazing.. But their socalled partners are a pain.. Don't take any responsibility.. Doesn't turn up.. Finally had to cancel the service
Faltu app I have booked an appointment for show laundry. They scheduled pick up on 3 4 November. Till date no one turned up and no communication from there side.
Really bad vendors Unprofessional bunch of vendors with them. Please don't go with them
Waste Such a lame site don't ever use this app
Very Poor Service just waste of time.. I booked Carpenter for wooden floor repairing job on 18th oct. Even after 2 weeks nobody turned up. I am only getting calls from customer care, and vendor is making his own excuses. They have no control over vendors, very unprofessional approach and just waste of time.
Not at all Upto The Mark Would like to inform you that the service ppl whom you assign would discuss about payments before  then Work..  They are costing a huge. Which has forced me to do the work myself. request You Take care about service charges
Service never turned up I booked mehendi service for which got a confirmation from local oye but she never turned up for service. When I called her she just said sorry. Caused me huge inconvenience and last minute swirl
Carpentry Work The carpenter who had came to install door stopper was installed backside of the door instead of front side. When we asked him he told i will do my work this way only. Its a common sense.
Poor service, time waste Answer which they provide is totally different from what question is asked. I tried to ask same question thrice but not got correct answer.
Very very poor service Your service is very poor. I had requested for laundry service yesterday and no one responded. So today also I booked and called your customer care 5 times from morning. They told your order is confirmed. But no one came out called me. It's really waste of time
It's same as its nameLOCAL charging hefty amount on services and when asked for receipt says we have no receipt service as of now, will have in future. Please guys use other apps like House Joy instead of this LOCAL app LOCAL OYE
Worst service These guys have no manners to talk to customers..  i would like to inform you all dnt book this lady named POonam thakkar for mehndi..  cz she dnt knw hw to talk to customers..  i had a very very bad experience jst cz i had to cancel my appointment and also informed as early as possible..  she talkd so rudely..  so guys better dnt use any service..  pethatic app filled with pathetic people..
Could not cancel a request I had requested for laundry service and later cancelled the same using the app.  However, I still ended up having a man at my door step to collect the clothes. When i checked the app now it still had not cancelled the service.... Hence tried cancelling the service in front of the man and it still did not work. Unhappy Inconvenient
You can't rely on their service couple of times. Their team may not turn up for the service asked so please don't be dependent on them.
Lame and careless service. Profile not yet live, and they are not at all prompt in their services. Slow service. Careless attitude. Unhappy.
No receipt provided for the part replacement despite of giving feedback or reminder thrice... This is not accepted by any standards of service. Will think twice about referring this to someone...
