Whats Wrong I updated the app and now it doesn't work. It won't let me watch video or listen to audio. I am a Sprint customer with an unlimited data plan. Please fix
Notifications 1 star because I have notifications turned off and I still get them. I can't always watch the races live, but I record them to watch later and my phone gives me the results before I can watch it   Otherwise a decent app.  The notifications need fixed
Horrible app. So here I am, trying to track the FINAL race of the season at homestead, and the app will not show any live data. Of course it worked during the rain delay when no cars were on the track, but now that the race is happening, I cannot select Live or access any live information via this app. My service with Sprint has a lot to do with this app, but with the constant problems I encounter with it, I am strongly considering other carriers. Several frequent problems with this app.
Useless Completely useless. Need to update almost every week. No tv schedule. I like to watch qualifying and can't even find when or what channel it's on.               .                   . Things haven't changed much. I have to pay to get any race info. . . I buy tickets, merchandise, support sponsors and you still want more money. . App needs frequent updates. . . A lot of video but little actual news stories. . .
Doesn't give up to the minute updates during the race. I don't always get to watch it but would like to be able to open it. Up and see right away what's happening without trying to find it
Cluttered.  Switching tv coverage throughout season, you should clearly post what channel. if you want interest to improve clean up the website  app and stop charging for everything.
What will be left Seems like NASCAR would be happy to give away a free app to promote the sport, but instead they keep taking features away and now that it is useless I no longer use it at all.
Crash,crash,crash,crash,crash. All it does is crash. Dont waste your time. This is pathetic. Nascar stop letting people destroy our sport with games and apps that don't work. Still sucks still crash crash crash. Its bullcrap
Poor Would like to know how this app has so many votes for the 5 star. Sucks DO NOT WASTE YOUR  MONEY 
JUNK They have been reported to Sprint This is a horrible app every week I have to em to get the race on nobody fixes anything robo solution still won't work just stops whenever it feels like it camera's won't work sucks every week thing aggravating nobody should have to uninstall every week and re install
Can't stop Notifications Great app except for the fact that I still receive notifications even though I have unchecked them all. If fixed I would recommend it as a 5 star. Until then there are just too many notifications forced. Great app for up to date information on race day.
Battery Drain App consuming over 25 of battery power in just 2 hours while only running notifications in background. I have forced stopped the app  will have to uninstall.
