Battery killer Now I uninstalled the App from my first phone  wanted to try the licence on my second phone with a different number but it just says that licence is unregistered. I had uninstalled the App from my first phone. A real headache.
Very bad update Quich heal not responding  crashed when tapping on any option. This also sucks my phone performance  even my phone stared hanging after this new update. Also blocks my phone telling untrusted sim twice in a day.  Thinking to uninstall this paid app. I use this app since 2 years. QH bad job this time.
Kya bakwas hai update karo nahi to band karo drama Please update software some function not work on 4.4.4 cloud backup not work and much more  HANG . MY PHONE WORKS SLOW DOWN BATTERY KILLER AND I PAY RS. FOR FULL FEATURE BUT YOU IDIOT SOME FEATURE IS NOT WORKS ON MY E5 4.4.4 WHAT U THINK ABOUT YOUR PRODUCT .... YOUR PRODUCT IS WASTE OF MONEY AND NOTHING
Not satisfied Its consumed lots off battery power and slow processing of phone. My phone hang lots due to this software.
Dear app developer when I installed this it says not registered hence rectify the issue and don't skip by sending the message like our technical support will help you if not possible to resolve the issue please Gert back the money returns back to me I hope you understand the value of money. Thanking you
Sushil Note4 Never buy this type of poor product. 1 star is minimum otherwise 0 star.
Very bad app Using the application paid from last couple of months. The application constantly keeps crashing in the background affecting the device's performance. Feels wastage of money though got no problems yet in the protection factor of the app, but it is still making the device behave abnormaly.
It's not updating since I downloaded the new version.Its still shows 14th and today is 22nd.if I contact them then they ask for logs and even after giving them logs they take 1 month to solve the issue by releasing a new version.already emailed the logs.noone cared to reply yet.
Frustrating app Getting massage constantly that your sim is invalid and restart the device and asking password again n again. Its a paid app and i cant uninstal also from my android phone. Nonsense.
Ridiculous. ...Irritating.  Shown untrusted sim evertime whensoever you are in hurry to accomplish something on mobile.  Please never purchase or download this app.
Slow After Installing it my mobileSamsung Galaxy Grand  phone is responding very slowing
No Support After purchase no support
Not getting updated, tried again n again, fix the issue
While compared to 360 security it's nothing and waste Mobile getting slow , no updating  ,but it's paid is waste when compare to other software
It is not updating since 12th September 2015 . When I try to update the virus definitions are of 11 September 2015. It's irritating. It's seems my money has gone down thr drain
Not good Before pachars ok but After pachars not working
Tomorrow i purchase but your  secure data service is not working some time i trying but same ploblem then i calling your online customer service but your employ is not solved my ploblem
No updates , poor interface Waste of money , spending 450 bucks not at all worth , should be given negative rating....WORST... No upadate on virus definitions, then how my system is secure Can you kindly tell quickheal.
Its hangs ur mobile  no support online. Pathetic It hangs my Samsung S4 like hell. Even it closes every app to start, it closes calls also. Very cheap. My 500 bucks got sucks. Even the customer support is like king, they treat like other apps are guilty for the quick heal. CM is best. I fucked my 500 bucks. Why not u guys contact us
