Nt showing cod option One tym I order iPhone 6s.. From my debit card.. After DAT it was nt showing me cod option... Its directly showing debit card processing... Seriously dis one is so sucking.. R else I ll give 5star d delivery and everything is damn fyn
lots of bugs when we will enter in todays deal and surf some time then automatically app restarts and display homepage.
Wrong commitments I ordered an earphone and selected early delivery options for which I paid in extra still didn't got my product not even any information. Spoke with their CCE he was also saying he can only speak to the courier team but delivery can't be made on time. Improve your services as of now I am cancelling my order.
Extra delivery charges on all items I had good purchasing through this app but now in all deal extra 40 rs on all item creating mess.now I am regular customer of Paytm.
Worst app Worst app with worst staff and worst quality of products all fake products delivered by Amazon
Form data gets lost when app is suspended While editing the address if the screen gets locked or I switch from Amazon  app to another app to copy some address details the data I have filled till now goes away. This is super frustrating given that I have to copy parts of address from my mail and part from Google  search results
Worst customer care service Worst experience of buying on amazon.in. Never believe their customer care people. They only tell you lie and imcomplete information regarding the promotion. I called minimum 6 times and send 2 mails in 3 months to get my gift card that too i received when i told them of suing them. Believing and trusting the customer care is just wasting of time. I will never buy from amazon.
Horrible customer service OMGcustomer service horrible i ordered a product on 17th and 19th i got out for delivery but still i dint got finally i got a message stating that package lost in transist and i have to wait untill 25th . what the hell And Amazon policies are just unacceptable
Worst shopping site... Maine amazon se pehlibar order kiya lekin wo mujhe deliver nahi hua aur nahi mujhe abhitak uska refund mila.....Amazon Bakwas hai
Return item not picked I bought a pair of sandal from Amazon .size is small so I wanted to return it but they are not arranging for the reverse pickup ,instead asking me to send it at my own cost.I regularly buy from other ecom sites and they all provide free reverse pick up .I feel cheated as I have not expected this from such a big co.
Buggy app and why access to my photos Why should I give you access to my photos . You are not my freind not my love . Why do you want to access my photos  Same app runs on ios without access to my photos . Why is google so not bothered about app permissions
Worst service I bought artificial jewelry...  I return .. But the courier pickup not came... Still waiting...... The return is not done... This is the third time facing return problem..  So I book items in other sites... I hate amazon..
Nt  gud app Need sum real consistent changes n do learn frm flipkart , fr how to make an app..
Worst app Every time am trying to pay through my debit, it shows that my transaction was not successful. But my money is getting debited. This happened twice. I lost up to 5000 rupees
Nothing new... For Amazon shopping 5 stars are must but for this app just one star, just because of app only deals,lags so much.Please fix it.plz do not update
Fake site i ordered iphone 5s gold but hvent got I have ordered iphone 5s gold but after one day they cancelled my order after one day without information fake n boogs sites do no trust them that they will diliver
Don't buy from snapdeal Snap deal  is endorsed a rough.. Who's is not an indian....amir Khan pls get out of my country.....pls don't not buy any product from snap deal if u r indian won't buy
Think before u shop here I had ordered three wall clocks from this site and two of them were defective.. I placed an order for return and refund.. And a week back the delivery guy collected the return parcel and still they are processing the money.. Buggers.. No customer service email id is given in the app nor any customer care number..
No proper services COD option show only for till you select the product to buy, when you reach to payment option they hide COD, poor services. I dont like it at all 
