Free is more like free trial. If you play it enough everything is an expert character and you have to pay the coins for it. If you can't earn coins playing, you can't spend them, so you kind of get stuck.
Love the game, not the app Atkinator is amazing. I could easily spend hours playing with it. However, this free app is terrible. The entire thing is just an attempt to make you pay for the full app. The best part is trying to outsmart him with obscure characters, that few people have tried, but do an even slightly less popular one and it tells you you need to spend money to get all the characters.
UH I downloaded this app and yes  it's great. However, it advertised an app and I exited the game to see the app had been installed I was seriously confused. I haven't touched the strange app in fear of a virus. So I waited. And then it downloaded another app. I've left them both and another app hasn't downloaded, but I'm so confused. Otherwise I'd give it a four star.
Bull I love how you have to pay to find out whether or not Akinator knows your character. Its AMAZING...its a FREE app but you CAN'T know if he got it right  This sucks.
One of those games. You download it and you get into playing and you think wow this seems interesting. You put in a more obscure character. It said you have to pay since its not included in the default pack. You think okay he was pretty obscure, but you come to see that every freaking person is too difficult and that you are an expert player. Its all bs that is a ruse to get money.
Use the online free browser version this one asks for money WHILE it shows you ads and limits your charactors to popular guesses.
Slight problem Great, really like the app, even purchased the complete potion thing. My only issue is whenever i return to my phones home screen from the app an add appears on my screen asking me to add random icons to my homescreen 'without install' I'm hoping you guys arent malicious. 5 if you fix this issue.
So I was thinking of John Cooper of skillet and when it asked is your character in a band I was getting hopeful but then it asked if my character is famous for giving tips on the wii u then I just lost all hope but after awhile it asked is your character famous for metal music and I again got hopeful and then it guessed some guy I have never heard of from a band I have never heard of so good job choosing the most popular choices for this app.
