Not able to book tickets From past two days m trying to book ticket but it just goes on buffering.. i have updated the app as well..not even the first page is opening..its getting crap day by day
It lag a lot It never save my request in the coming show I don't have to see which regional movie are coming and it always turn off it language setting result I have unchecked everything.
Cant book the tickets I m a wifi user , but from last 34 days i want to book a ticket that day i thaught that my bookmyshow is not working but today also i want to book a ticket and the same thing is going wrong with this app
Sick and tired of ads I cant even use this app, each thing i am opening,  it redirects to some app downloading. Please fix.
Hopeless Whats d point of booking tickets online when all the latest show seats are shown unavailable. Whereas the same show seats are vacant when inquired at the theatre premises. What are u trying to do, Fool people or just earn commission
dont use reward nahi aaya mere ac mai mare friend ko maine refer kiya usne ticket bhi book ki per mujhe reward nahi mila
manipulating to the customer it does not provide service on apana cinema and when ever i try to call customer service its always says busy right now fake app bakwas server so if you are not able provide service for apna cinema why you add this cinema
Note able to book ticket I m trying to book ticket of wwe live event. It says me to select a stand but as I click on a stand nothing happens.
Pathetic process made to cheat customers No option for cancellation or reschedule  not even before 12 hrs from show timing , if by any reason someone is not able to go to the show, all the money is simply wasted. They are working for simply collecting money from customers by any mean
This update sucks to the core The update is not enabling the ticket booking and even viewing the show timings....... It keeps on loading and never turns up.....
Worstes app Mere account se ticket ka payment le liya but ticket ni mili bank ka message aagaya transaction complete but ticket ka conformation nhi aaya ..ticket ni mili costumer care ka number bhi nhi dial ho rha costumer care se replay aata hai you are in Q but fir call end ho jta hai ye cheating hai costumer ke sath .
Pathetic service No way to reset password if you don't have email ID working correctly, they don't verify at the time of sign up, cs is useless, my bms credit has been debited from my account, what the hell are you doing
Not at all happy Very bad app, can't process offers for ICICI cards. Very fake offers. Customer care is very poor. No reply to emails. Phone call gets disconnected. Not worried about customers. Very poor communication skills. One star is also too much.
Worst app Its been 15 days that i have updated this app but still i have not recieved my Refferal Code. Whenever i check ReferMyfriend option There is something written like this  You will get your referral code very soon. Check this space for more information  I didn't understand how much time they want.. Worst App Worst Experience
It just stops on loading screen Its goes on loading loading n nothing else appears ..
Keep on bufferring The events and the plays page does not open. Keeps on bufferring. I have uninstalled the app three times already now. Have tried to open the events page at least on 5different occasions at different times and days.. Still the same. What's wrong with this app
I did not receive reffaral amount My BookMyShow user email id Jagrawal100121gmail.com  My complain is, i invite a friend who book a Ticket from BookMyShow 100 rs. But i didnot receive 100 rs reffaral amount. My friend's email id Jagrawal100119gmail.com Please give me my 100 rs reffaral amount
pathetic App ever its all about error messeges its a pathetic app ever i have seen wanted to book cinema tickets but error message popped up Transaction expired then again come to book the tickets it popped up message gift voucher expired Its time to find some new ways of booking tickets  really frustrated...
Only Loading From last two days app not working properly..continuously loading..not show movie time or which movie play at time...
Performance issue When I click on book button loading book page taking too much of time. Very slow I feel irritate to use this app
Always facing payment issue. I am using full speed Internet using wifi. Whenever I go for payment it's fail and my amount will deducted.
I lost my 216 rupees while booking ticket for ISL match on 24Th nov Money already taken from bank but they didn't give ticket. I hate book my show
Bad App Unable to book tickets with Rs1000 BMS Voucher since last 1 week. App was getting stuck. Same tried thru CC got booked. Very bad performance from such a great app. Please fix the issue ASAP.
Don't redirect toshowcase I am searching movies in discover for new movies, after clicking on any movie,seeing description of that movie it is not returning back page,it directly moving to showcase.Who asked showcaseto show usIt is becoming headache again moving to discover searching for movies.So redirect to back page its enough.
Unexpected dull app after an amazing web experience Seems the app exists to only book online with no ease.  1. While looking for a movie in delhi we first have to select a particular area in Delhi NCR. Ghaziabad or noida or delhi or faridabad..  I travel all over delhi ncr.. Why do i have to go back and change to  a particular place in Ncr. Just display all by groups. 2. Can't search by theatres.
not able to book tickets not able to book tickets for wwe... please dont say check your internet connection..i am using a high speed broadband connection.. it is saying please select a stand and i am not  seeing any option to select stand
Whats wrong Its taking so much time to load i wanted to book tickets but it's taking so much time
Shit App Whenever you will try to avail offer either on credit or debit card, the app freezes on diversion to merchant window.... But whenever you book the tickets on normal booking without availing any offer, the transaction is completed without any problems... Nothing more than a bunch of greedy vultures running the show... And whenever you complain then book my show has the audacity to blame it all on the banks.
