The worest service Compare to other taxi service .. Fast track fare is so high and there service is worest .. I booked mini and they send saden and charge more .. I will never use fast track again in my life ..i install the app tiday and l uninstall the app today itself ..
Cheating Company I booked a mini bus on Nov 2nd for a mini bus to accommodate our relatives on our brother engagement which held on Nov 15th, on 15th we asked the company to departure d vehicle on 5 am, but on 15th 1.30 am they informed that d vehicle was breakdown. We get shocked bcoz v don't hav another option to book a vehicle  d neck of the moment. When I asked 4 alternative vehicle they said. We don't have alternative minibus.
Need improvement Can't view rate card for car type other than hatchback. Very slow in connecting online even in 4g network.... connection to optimised.
Horrible app and cheats I have downloaded this app and applied the coupon code. After ride they cheated me saying that the coupon isn't applied...unable to book advanced booking as well...horrible app..be careful..
Cheating brand Used first time app ride for free coupon but after ride driver denied  got angry  took money. don't know how to talk with customers. customer care said we will talk with driver  nothing happened. OLA is more better than this. I could have given stars in minus but...... Don't ever download this
Worst Service There is no use of dwlding this app and wasting ur data and memory. I have used the app twice and while booking it shows 10 mins or 15 mins but the cab arrived after 40 mins in both the cases. So if u r planning to use fasttrack better to call and book rather than using this idiotic app.
Fraud fastrack app Hi friends, They give promocode discount but it not working, after traveling they get full amount. I just experience it, Don't download it, compared ola is best
Worst app n worst service The had never worked fine. If you book it shows 12 hrs in past time. Complained so many times no response. Called them n booked. driver wrong information n took some other customer in front of me. N I m getting a SMS that the bill amount is 247 wat nonsense is this
Worst app I did apply the coupon before the ride and got confirmation that the coupon is applied.But after the completion of the ride they say that the coupon was not applied.
App itself not working properly, which shows their service This is ridiculous application, with my 50 Mbps high speed internet connection itself I am unable to open this app
Very very wost don't download Useless app booking the cab but I am waiting in 45 mit's but app bookings id not confirm.   Use ola cabs more than 10 times  very very better ...,
Pathetic The app gives a third class feel compared to Uber and OLA, even Meru or NTL. Poor connectivity even with 4G. Completely unrealistic time estimate of ur ride's arrival. Map is just for show. And ya, if u get through all this u get the costliest hatch back ride in the city. Costlier than OLA with 2X peak time charges. 3 times costlier than Uber. Pathetic.
Worst App I am trying to book later and it is not allowing to select the date and time instead if click on done it is taking current time.It is released without testing.
WOrst ever App I hv downloaded thrice... it never opened at all... If ur app is like, then i know ur quality of ur service... Gudbye Fasttrack
Do not install pls Installed this pathetic app and tried booking SUV from tambaram, I searched the drop location as Queensland  to my surprise it suggested Queensland, Australia   .. wish I give zero stars to this app
Not opening Why this app need GPS mandatory. Just showing welcome screen indefinite time refreshing, in zenfone 5
Worst app I had some good opinion about fast track before using this app. Horrible
Cheating on promo code Don't ever try fast track app and booking, waste of time and money..i have tried 1st time FT app with promo code, after travel and lot of debate, they told promo not applied, pay full money due to their server issue and stupid app..use ola and uber the best in the cab industry.
Pathetic  Hangs and shuts down abruptly.. I'm sure you guys could have invested your TVC money on making this app perfect.. Atleast stop ur TV ads for now. Utter nonsense.. Worst taxi app I have ever used..
Never learnt a lesson One of the oldest cab services i know but at this stage of OLA world they did not learnt a lesson as is can be seen by using this app.
Worst App No instant driver details and car location in the app. No fare details after your trip in the app . Promo code will be applied in the app. Not in the final fare..
App not working properly I booked cab through this app, it was  shown cab is available in 5 mins. Even after 20mins I didn't received call from driver. I called to fasttrack 3 times I didn't get proper response they asked me to wait cab will come. Even my pickup and drop location was not a remote area Chennai airport to Chrompet. Finally after 1 hour waiting for cab,  I cancelled my booking and booked cab through another operator, they came in 5 minutes. So going to uninstall this app.
Worst app can't book cab Even I use broadband connection the app not working ,please refer OLA app ,look wise and speed worst compare to OLA app ,waste of time to install this app
Takes an hour to load Why it takes more more time to load or sometimes still  loading, don't blame my net speed, its 3.1Mbps 
Worst As default they  mentioned as 20 mins..just to get safer...It should show the exact time...pls dont download..it shows 20 mins but asusual they will make it 45 mins..there is no star below than this..thats y 1...or else its ZERO....even yu cannot create your own logo..its just an inverse od watsapp logo....
Worst service Discount code is not working in first ride.They have charged extra 50rupees and also driver turned off A.C
Look  uber and ola apps Have a look at the counter part apps , those are all excellent .. Kindly improve the quality of the app
Very very very worst app and worst call taxi forever I give zero star to this app.ur service is very worst compare to other call taxi.u charged excess amount.
Worst Service... One of worst Service provider. I'm 99 sure if you book this taxi you will cheated either thr' hyped Fare Rate else they will not send the vehicle itself.
Dead slow app takes hours to open on hi speed wifi and 2gb ram phone
Waste of time If you want to get irritated and frustrated , download this app and use this service...
