Error when opening I receive communication error mesage whenever I try to open it. So frustrating. And the problem comes suddenly and lasts for whole day, then next day the app works fine.
Oh my word...this is more of a pain. Keeps refreshing when you are trying to view results. I could have flown to England and back before it stops refreshing.
Now a battery hog Used to love this app. The last update has made it less intuitive and it drains my battery. I'll stick to Tennis Temple from now on. You could learn a lot from their simple comprehensive app.
What did you do This was great last year but is now almost unusable because of the repeated refreshes. How did this pass QA
Bad Lots of bug. It increased after the update. Auto refresh problem. 2 star given out of sympathy. Edit okay, it deserves no more than 1 star.
Wimbledon yuk Can't even get into it, keep saying retry if this is the trouble I'm having now what's going to happen when it does finally open up if it ever does. So frustrating It works great on my husband phone we have the same phones
Weak Android version vs iPad Pretty hopeless...eg layout of the Draw is just a linear list. On the iPad version you can get a one page overview of all previous round opponents and who is likely to play who in later rounds. Not impressed with overall layout and UI of the clumsy Android version.
Pretty but not userfriendly It looks nice and has lots of information but it's not intuitive at all, stutters regularly and has the extremely annoying habit of saving all the players' faces into my gallery automatically.
Killing 2.4 ghz wifi This app runs in background. Kills 2.4 wifi. Lg g3. When I killed the process wifi came back on again.
Unable to see text Using LG G3 and GPad 7  Text in cells immediately switches to ...
Go back to last year's This year's is not so good. Battery hog in background, notifications come through even though off in app. Had to use stock notification blocker to stop.
Battery Drainer Drained my battery overnight Thanks to a reveiw from a Google User 28615  Have found Tennis Temple 
Really bad battery usage The app is functionally great but when you're not using it, it still runs in the background and continues to use loads of battery. I've not even looked at it yet today and now my battery is almost dead. I'm going to have to uninstall it.
Too bad the refresh problem How many times its gonna refresh man I mean is there a number or what Continuously keeps on refreshing. U can't even see the results at all
Disappointing The push notification is great, but when I tap it the app opens to its home page instead of actual tennis match score. When 'Fav' ticked the app sometimes doesn't display any of my favourited players. Generally speaking a missed opportunity. A bit better than last year, but really not enough to make much sense of it.
