This has very graphic and sexual things on it. I in my honest opinion do not like it because of that reason. Can you please fix it and not have those things on it
Its a little nasty Please do something theres alot of nasty things on this i tried to delete it but it wouldn't  let me please do something  im 12in a half theres nasty people on here and theres alot of kids on here do something about it please  
I hate it Its so gross and nasty...i am only 10...eww...kids better dont dowload it...
hide your kids hide your wife OMG THIS IS GROSS THERE IS BUTT ALL OVER  stupid
Completely innappropriate This app has a lot of nudity and very explicit content. I've seen users upload videos from pornographic sites. I don't understand the purpose of this. I downloaded it thinking it was an app to record you lip sing. But instead my daughter opened it and saw a very pornographic image. This is not something that parents should let their kids have on their phones or tablets. I do not recommend this at all. Stick with Instagram or other video outlets. Not this one
So grose.....bad grownup things on there im 11 ew lots im about to delete it
DON'T DOWNLOAD NAKED GIRLS Tim Tom she made a video and she was naked and the camera was in front of her vjj and she was masturbading  with it and she was all wett and one were she was in the shour it was disgusting and there were penis videos all perverted and gross I'm uninstalling don't download
Omg i didnt read the comments... Xrated stuff this app.
Awful not secure or monitored at all This app is not for children it states over 18 but nothing to stop children downloading it. It is full of dirty men messaging little girls Should not be allowed on play store 
I just give 1star
This is so ugly
It says... Hey guys whoever is complaining about the nasty things it says the person who is using it has to be 18 or more
Ummmm This app is cool but theres way to much nasrty stuff
Gross I'm 10 and I saw Lady with her bits hanging out
Discusting If I could give it 0 stars I would it is so nasty
Loads for long time.
So bad should of not seen some of that stuff
Its OK but way to much nasty stuff
It has way to many inappropriate videos
Hate it. It has horny people on top of this app and weirdos on top so never let ur kids go on top it is just real horny i swear to god.
Keeps crashing and it says my camera ain't working when it is
Sucks Discusting
Blah Too nasty
Hate It  Sorry It's The Nasty Videos
U can manage to make an awesome app But u cnt make it so that people musnt post stuff like that
NASTY Some old guy messaged me hi beautiful and he posted gross stuff.  Also there is girls touching themselves like private parts and there boobs  WARNING DO NOT DOWNLOAD
It keeps saying it can't connect to camera so I have to turn off and turn on my phone again and again also when you go on there is naked people and it's not a  site
Hate it No privacy also a random person can text you
