Not liked Money is there in wallet but not getting recharge in my phone trying from when but it shows fail.. Pls improve it
Not good.. After installing some big size apps i didn't get the credit. Also reported issue in support tab but no response yet.
Fraud I have installed apps weeks ago and it still says wait till adviser confirms. Wtf
I used to like ladoo very much cause of the reliability and I've been using it since an year... now that I've been installing apps devotedly you've stopped paying heed to my reports
Too bad I download voonik women and mobo market and keep it also 710days respectively but can't get money..poor app.. I am also facing this issue
Full of problems It doesn't gives rewards. I have updated the app but still says in survey couldn't fetch survey data,  new version available 
Really fake app I has refer my friend and he download ladooo and verified then he download 2 app and he got credit but my referral fund not come to my wallet,and I try to claim but never got reply. For developer, just delete your fake apps,if u can't pay people. Stop cheating many people. 1 star for fake apps ever.
Time waste Bakwas app h referral par kucj nahi milta h na hi app download kar ka usko utna din rakhna par .waste time and mb
Worst app ever I didnt ever got my referral reward,it simply says your friend didnt installed ladooo through ur link. Initially it will look good to you bt after some time u will start hating this app as it consumes ur data n time irrespective of reward I am uninstalling jt. RIP Laddoooo. wish i could give 0 star.
Fake app....worst app I download 3 app BT don't get any rewand of DAT...its worst n fake app.....do not install fnds..
Bakwass and Cheating app Didnt get reffered award even didnt get apl reward and also did nt get new offers...reported lots of time still they didnt rectify so plz throw ds app to the dust bin and plz dnt waste ur valuable tym
Boring application I refer this app more than 10 friends and all are download but I got only 10 rupee simply just waste of time
very bad app kindly don't install this fake app not got recharge even after completion of offer so kindly don't waste time DL amulyam it is far better than ladoo
didn't get reward. after every download i have to claim for the reward. please fix it.
Worst app I have downloded so many apps like flipkart, fame, shopping assistant, lime, voonik etc. But didn't get any reward... Dont download it..... Waste of time  data...
Disgusting app I ever seen Jus wastage of our data, mb...    in return no reward or money for downloading particular app. It's been 6 days  All offers are still pending. Jus hated it seriously. Guys pls never ever go for this app.
Very disappointed I got 89 rs in my wallet after inviting my 2 friends and by downloading some aaps now when iam trying to open the aap it is just showing like error registering new number try again later iam trying since past 2 days but again showing same notification please suggest me what to do I have already mailed u but no response plz rectify my problem
Not able to open the app I have been using it for more then a year but for 3 days when i tried opening it .. It shows error not able to register new user try after some time i also re installed it but same error .. Pls help
error registering new user i m unable to sign up. its showing me error registering new user please try again later....highly disappointed by this as i m regular user of this app
Worst Service.. Aap batayiye ki mera account kyo block kiya gaya hai  Aap log mail karne ki baat karte hain, me already 2 baar mail kar diya hai, lekin koi revert abhi tak nahi aaya. Isse achha to Pocket Money or mcent apps hain.                                                My Account was Blocked, I don't know why  I already mailed. But there is no single reply from Ladooo Team. I'm very Disappointed and never pramot this App. Also Rs. 225 in my account. Do something as soon as possible.
2 stars if u want to earn money. these guys wont respond to my messages and mails..I dnt knw how many times do i have to send mails and still no response from ladoo team. They wont even tell what the problem is..
Good but need to improve I am happy for your service but I don't able to recharge my Airtel digital TV pls fixed that problem and many time I am showing blocked
Fack Fack Fack Fack Fack I invite my friends and install many apps but I can't get reward................. Give me my reward....... 
Worst app ever I had made 250 by this app and due to some problem I had factory reset my phone but what happened nextAll my wallet balance had disappeared when I next logged in my phone worst customer care too no one ever replied till date worst app will never recommend any one to download it
WTH I just installed three apps namely flipkart, fame and mobikwik yesterday. And I didn't get credited till now. It has been one day, and these three apps are till now in the pending task waiting for the advertiser to confirm. Please help me a way out of this
It's ok Ladooo is a good app but when I choose the Vodafone plans in data it shows that only 2g not 3g . but the app install offers are very cheap.
Motherfer  BC app Not got money even downloaded  5 apps. Just installed purchase assistance by buyhatke but not got money. Only showing in pending..
