PvZ2 Can't load my saved game  it just keeps saying unknown issue with Google Play Services  nd I've come way too far to just start over.. No one likes starting over plz plz plz make this right
Fix the API Error Cannot login into my games after latest updates due to No account on this device can access Games API.  Fix it before my players die  You shouldn't put out updates if you don't know they are going to work.
clash of clans report please help me.... i cannot open my clash of clans... i've been playing that for all my life and suddenly it will ne come like that...
clash of clan I can't access my clan of clans account data, so I'm unable to play. the app doesn't load any content it's jst blank .
What the heck is that Whats happening  I can't log in my clash of clan by my g.account..... it says no account on this device can access the games API's......... plz do something cause I have only one account.... if it lost then I'm done for it
Cant acces other account clash of clans What the hell is happening I have war right now then suddenly cant accest my 8 accounts This will make my clan lose...
Clash of kings, Tap Titans, PVZ2 and some other games. After i update this, suddenly all of my games can't login due to play games not sign in error which i know i already sign in coz when i run this play game i can see my account.
COCCLASH OF CLANS.. I cant open my games because of ur updates . Plz fix it as fast as u can plz
I can't login to my account My clash of kings refused to load, asking me to download the latest version which I already have Grrrrrrrrrr fix this fast
Clash of clans I cannot open my clash of clan id.I cannot live without playing it.can't u fix the problem.
Ugh, can't log in Vas' happenin' I can't log into my Clash, Boom Beach or Hungry Shark EVO.  even though I updated it. I updated on Mobogenie,  nothing happened.  It still showed me update required and when I updated on Google Play, it said, Can't install update. I'm flaming out here.  
GAME APIs I can't open my other account on my Clash Of clans. We have war today. I cant attack my 7 other account. Please fix it up ASAP
Clash of clans I just did your updates and now I can't go back to my clash of clans account. Why does it let me start a new account, but I can't switch to my other accounts I want the older version back  I fixed it. You have to factory default your phone. Make sure all your phone numbers are stored to your Gmail account and you know your Gmail user name and password
Clash of clans Such a good game now my coc account is not showing at ol plz help us think abut us we all people can't open it
No Access I can't access my accounts un clash of clans. When I was about to change into my another account it suddenly says No accounts in this device can access the games APIs. What does it mean Could you please fix it. I have an ongoing war.
Can't access clash of clans Your last update has made it impossible for many of us to play clash of clans.  This needs to be fixed and honestly we should be compensated.
Cant login in my games  and cant switch.  I need my older account. . Pls fix it fast. Have some war in Coc . I have 3 accounts...  hurry pls
Slight problems It's been a day that my google play can't login and i wanted to get my daily rewards....  It just keeps spinning on loading screen but won't show up my account...  Its lvl 20 and I can't lose that account.. Fix please
Fix the SD card issue There are so many issues with the SD card not working or data getting corrupted....do something about it....or may be outsource it to apple or even microsoft 
NO API CONNECTED Cant switch between clash account not sure if its the android version google play game keeps saying cant switch no api. Phone switches bur not tablet
Need help Please help me guys,my account clash of clan has been banned due the ownership verification,i think someone has hack my email,can you guys help me out of thisneed help as fast as you can guys,please,tq
Clash of Clans can't sign in into my another account, and i have a war right now please fix it as soon as possible. thanks
Not so good Guys dont forget to install King of Thieves, the awesomest game Zeptolab has ever made
Not good.... I lost all my progress  of clash of clans. When I connected coc to Google play games it was not working plz fix I'm on town hall 9 took me 2 yrs Plz pzlz
Cant sign in on clash of clans Its started when it was updated and after that i wanna change my account and it always says no game APIs and pls fix this ASAP
Major Bug No account on this device can access the Games APIs This error shows up when I'm trying to sign in to any of my games Please fix it ASAP
Cant Access Game Api in Clash Of Clans and Other When I log In its say cant access game api ,but when i log in on you tube,you tube can,why is like this want,i cant play Clash of Clans Any More
Erm... Nothing shows up on my screen when I open this app. So I'm not sure what am I suppose to do with it. One of the game I had downloaded requires this app to allow me to play. That's why I'm not sure whether I should uninstall this game or not. But I don't think its useful though.
Cannot sign in What's the matter of your app How come I can't connect to my other account in clash of clans We're having a war now Please fix it
Unfortunately Google play has stopped working... Same message every time I have uninstalled the update and tried to open clash of clans without it and it still won't work. I reinstalled the update and restarted my phone twice Still will not let me access my account on clash of clans If this is fixed I will change to 5 stars.
Will not connect to WiFi long. Had a few issues with a couple games connecting to Google pay and loading. Thought it was just a few game. But seems like all of them are doing it. Looks like it's Google that is having issues not the games
I can't connect my clash of clans account. It keeps saying, unknown issue with google play services. Please help ASAP. Thank you.
Google play games is dead multi updates still same problem... Just keeps crashing will not open for clash of clans .ingress.gmail.YouTube.bassicaly anything.your suppose to beGooglethe power behind Android but I phones get bugs fixed faster than this. Long time Android Google user disappointed...
Record button The new feature that you can record your games on the youtube...but where is it I update the google play bcoz of this feature but its not in the app....
