Cash back problem I added 5 times rs 200 in my wallet but extra 10 rupee didn't get in my wallet. Then I have tried to contact free b  but they are didn't response me....
Task Bucks is great apps earn paytm and mobiquick money so download and use my code BQBIFYQ9 BQBIFYQ9 enter this code and earn cash really and share your friend to 40
Fooling application I did not received 10 days keeping application credit of app wohoo and foodpanda...kindly chk it and credit my genuine bonus...also improve your customer contact service as i did not received any response from your turn even after complaint...
cash have not received By 21.11.2015 I should have been received 50 for keeping 6 apps for 10  days .Even though I didn't uninstall any of these apps. On that 10th day it came that 0days left but after that 10th day it came that no offers are pending for your device. am I a fool to keep the app for 10 days and receiving no credits.
Very nice app Apps download karne KE balance turant mil jata h.
Bad app I have 365 ruppies in my wallet but after resetting my divice i try to open my wallet it is not........froud .....cheatr
WORST APP EVER  please guys listen don't download it its very bad app. This app doesn't give any money or recharge as it claims it's waste of MB really a big waste WORST APP EVER
Complain I have 66 in my wallet and i am not able to recharge it shows that your account is under verification.plzz help me
Fake aap for rewarding... Poor aap like others..it dont generate any rs for installing the offer apps I follows all the instruction.... Its false n fake app fr earnings its all wested of time
Scam app Now i believe why everybody saying that this app is fake. After 10 days they did not give me the money for installed apps.  Then i complained abt it in feedback page but no response from them. Friends do not install this app.
Worst downloading... earlier it paid for every app download but now days it rearly pays for a download that tooo after 56 download
Credit problem I installed the app by this app.in starting it gives credit for all the app but after sometime it does not give credit on all the app.i wrote my problem on feedback page but they did not give any reply. So i think it is app that makes fool to us.
Bakwaas app with no support Never install this app, you will not get any support from Freeb support team. You never get installation credit without escalation, and supportfreeb.in will not look your mail even after 34 reminders. Freeb team is making false promises with no support. I have given my issue 3 times with all details screenshot, mobile number, email I'd  but Freeb team never reply from Freeb support. I would like to give them 0 star rating.
Worst customer support Free credits are ok but never try to add money from your creditdebit card. Because if the transaction gets failed, they are never going to return anything. Support section is just a formality, they are never going to write u back. finally Uninstalling it.
Very very fake app I installed many app and keep ten days in progress but credit not add my wallet
Worst service I haven't received the credit for 5 apps for keeping them for 10 days....I have informed them 23 times bt still no response at all.....
Free b Minimum rec amont 10rs is best
