Bullshit could someone please give me a refund
Annoying Everything needs to be manually input. It's annoying
Not really a great deal Not sure it was worth it.
Nothing saves As soon as I reopen the app or it refreses the ranks it resets all the work I have done. Keepers,  draft pick trades. The custom rankings don't work. The screen will only work vertical. If you try and open horizontal it crashes. In the end its just not compatible with droid. I want my  back.
This app sucks Middle of my draft it crashed and was left using someone else's sheet.  Running backs were put in wr slots and basically this is garbage. Want my money back.
TERRIBLE How do I get my money back Does not work on Droid at all Nothing saves and you can't even draft anyone...what's the point of having this app if that doesn't work Does anyone know how to get a refund
Made me write  Vernon Davis in I have used this app for the past 3 years and it has been great I actually won the league last year I felt their projections were way off this year. They had Vernon Davis ranked 50th Our draft kit didn't even have a sticker for him so I wrote him in. Don't worry I am dropping him Friday.  I will never purchase this app again.  Not to mention, it has gone up every year.
Wish I got it on the ipad Ipad version is 10times better.  This app is alright but after having it on the ipad last year this app sucks on the droid.
Terrible Used this app for my 2014 draft and it was fine. This year however, it has been of no help at all. Player info doesn't update and every time I go out and back in it erases all of the changes I've made to rosters, keepers, etc. Just the worst. Purchase some other draft kit this year.
Problems First of all, its not updating the rankings.  Jordy Nelson and Benjamin are still way up there.  Second, now its crashing everytime i tried to show a player drafted.  I am very disappointed, especially after using roto wire for years.
Keeps crashing Keeps freezing and then crashing on tab3. Dl'd it for one draft, not worth it. Sorry boyz, fail this year. Nine crashes, in a 12 team 16 round draft.
Crap It keeps closing on me, and will not allow me to assign a player to a team, which is the reason I spend the money in the first place  so I know who is still available.  Still would not work after I turned my phone off and on.  This was a waste of money as my draft is now over.
Terrible I used Rotowire last year and it was perfect. This year the app just keeps closing. Everytime I open the app it closes can't do anything. Completely useless. Refund please.
No Player Updates Rankings are not updated.  Kelvin Benjamin and Jordy Nelson are still on the board.  Jordy at number 19.  I tried updating and everything.  No change. Draft dominator app updated as soon as injury was confirmed.  This app was waste of money.
Needs more Why doesnt the app have the bye weeks and schedule toughness for the android
This app sucks Non stop crashes and they do nothing to fix and will not refund
Get the iPhone settings on this version. This is absolute garbage
Horrible Crashed during draft and never came back up again.  Can we get our money back
Timed out Didn't save my picks and kept timing out. May just be an android thing..
4 years customer and now useless Can't edit scoring. Bugged app, very embarrassing. Need refund and now fd on this draft.
Lasy year.. Last years version of the app allowed you to change the draft order and individually name teams. Is there a way to do that on this one It is also much harder to run on an Android.
Going w a different option. Too many crashes. Wish I could get a refund.
Wont open on samsung tablet Have android 4.4.2 system on tablet and app wont open at all.  This is a waste of my money
Missing  lacking updates Missing team depth chart from last year.  Kelvin Benjamin has been out for days and is listed as Probable.
No Don't work. Don't remove players
This app is a waste of money  it works until u update stats and then fails  multiple bug reports no fixes no responses total thieves
Can't edit team names. Does not save
Not on par with the apple version missing tons of features
Do not waste your time on android. This app is way better on the ipad. It forced itself closed several times, you couldn't choose the option to draft for your own team only and the search is slow.
It sucks on android. It kinda sucks
