Fake app Didn't got any thing. After downloading apps I kept it 48 hrs but didnt got single rupee. I tried same for two devices but same result.
Bakwas app hai Don't waste your time. Logo ko bevkuf banana chhod do otherwise I will lodge a  case for fraud in consumer court
Bakwaaas believe me Actually i m changing my opinion its that mean i got nothing even after like the app with 5star ohho they make us fool... So please never install this app even you thinking that, no i will get they are loosers ohh its not that... Keep away from this type of apps.... I will give 0star.. Hm nt posble
West of time and balance Plz.don't download it, i have share to my friend he download it before two days but till now there is no any balance add in my wallet. Plz.don't west your time and balance and also your friends.
Fake Reason behind 4.6 star that this app tells u if u rate it higher, they will give talk time, which was not given in my mobile..
100 FROUD I have tried many times but never get talktime. Don't waste time and data for this app.
Full fake app Guys dont install this app this app is full fake app i have istall 5 apps but i din get single rupies sab chutiya banane ka dhandha hai bhai log
This app is very worse I will request you never download this app bcoz it will not Gove you any type of free recharge .if you seriously wants to earn free recharge then please download mcent or any other app at the place of it
I hate it. Your app is third class app rather than any other money maker app. Please don't launch this type of rubbish app  don't encourage android mobile users  to west their time as well as don't use android mobile user for your profit making. I'll encourage to all, don't download this app. Bad luck for you...
Fake app Don't waste your time. Install the apps through this app. There no recharge received from my account.
Fake app I had downloaded atleast 7 apps but didn't get anything .fuck off
Fake app They are telling me that rate us 5star we give you 30rs within a half hour a single rupee is not credited in my account never download this app
Fake app guys..dont look at the rating.trust me.. They are offering 30 for rating this app.thats why everyone giveing 5 star.try other apps like mcent..its better than this.
Fake fake fake Totally fake app. Rating of 4.6 becoz they says rate us on playstore and get 30 rs. But they give nth. So friends pls dont waste ur tym
Installed apps ok I installed total 8 applications what ever the instructions those people had given through that instructions only on 16072015 and I kept mail also after 3hours I didn't get response.  Now 17072015 1150am I didn't get any responses.  I think this application is so worst
Fake I had downloaded Amazon app and earned no money and it is saying that you will get 80 Rupee's.....
Fake app.. I had downloaded, installed and used 7 apps for 10 secs as per rule but I did not get a single rupee till now, I want my money or I will drag the developer to court for legal actions, I can literally do that, you can't cheat users like this...other people reading my review please dont sit like that and lodge a complaint against these morons...I have done the same against them...fight for your right and expose them on social networking sites...we have to teach them a lesson.
time waist app free 200 recharge  its a fake app .don't use it and dont waist ur time
World's number one fake app. I have downloaded lots of apps but it won't get any balance yet far. And I have invited my friends infront of me and I have not received any balance yet. I can't trust this app. And also u.. Don't download this app..
Bkwas It's not a  useful app. This app isn't  give talktime. It's fake please can't download it. Its will be waste of time and data. So you can try for another app. There are many apps for earn many in google play store you can download them. and get good money.
The bastard app i have ever used. Please don't download. These guys are fake and they don't provide u any credit if u use their app. Many has given 5 stars because app itself says give me 5 stars and i will credit you Rs 30. Totally a corrupted fake app, don't waste your time and data in it, else help me in reporting it to google play.
Fake app Guys plz don't west your time and mobile data by downloading this app this is totally fake app...if u really want to earn money then go for mcent and other such kind of aap's.....
Fuck off 5 star to 1 star......I downloaded more than 8 apps but I did not get any reward or recharge amount in my account.....Guys do not download it....Its just waste of time.....
Plz don't waste your times with this app This app does not gives any credits or balance even after the task is been completed
I hate this app. Mene is app se Flipkart app dounload kiya jiske liye is app ne Rs.  50 ke recharge karne ka dava kiya tha but abhi tak nahi kiya 3din ho gaye. Share karne par bhi recharge nahi kiya.
This app provides an offer. If we put. Rating 5, we will receive30 credit. I haven't received it upyet. I've been waiting for hours. No credit upyet. This is my final reminder, before putting a revrse rating
Fake Don't try this.this app is a fake.it says that rate us and get 30 rupees.but there has no money in my app account.
That's  really sucks This app will make you fool.... it won't  pay you a single penny... it doesn't  deserve a single star....
I think its fake app I download too much apps from there but do not come in my account its a fake app
30 rs  Wheres my 30 rs once i rate 5 stars and comment  From now on i edit it and make it 1 star  and that freaking rs cant redeem if you can help me to redeem this me and my friends rate this as 5 stars i have 20 rs balance
