USED TO BE ACCURATE The app is no longer accurate on my device. LG G4 5.1 shows I've used 3GB of data one day after I've installed Was always good on all my other devices. Uninstalled.
Incorrect Data counter There must be false reviews here because this app totally gives the wrong data usage per session...this app was fine just until recently...PLEASE FIX YOUR APP YOU GOT YOUR MONEY NOW...FIX THIS BUG
Stopped working As I recall it worked with the Note 4. Now it doesn't work on the Note 5
Measurement is not correct I watched a 110 minutes video on amazon over my mobile plan. The app calculated 6 GB of usage for that. 650 MB was the real amount that android measured. Same says my provider. Correct it or the the app is useless. Phone LG G4
Used to work great.. Now it shows that no mobile data is being used even when I know I'm using it... Please fix
License Failed I paid for this Why it kept saying I dont have play store install or because of abnormal response Fix this
Do not purchase The app is having  a bug, for which  even mailed the developer  but no replies,  the app shows wrong amount of data used
It was ok.. It was working good in the first month... But Now it is not showing day by day analysis...it shows the full usage details in today's bar... all previous days usage as zero...I reset the app and reinstalled it but same problem. ..
It doesn't work after the update It doesn't show the icon in the notification bar anymore though the application work as an app only... please fix it
Make my phone slow, disappointed.. I wonder that after turning on WiFi, my phone is very slow responsive, then I remove this app and everything is fast as normal tested on different KK ROMs Atrix2
Don't know why additional Rs 50 deducted.. Please refund the amount back...
Used to work. I've used this app for quite a while on my gs4 and it worked great. I just got an LG G4 with lollipop on tmobile and it works for a little bit, then it stops displaying any data usage or speed. I have to uninstall and reinstall for it to work for a little bit again. Please fix
