Changed algorithm now terrible On level 5 the dice rolls are not random. If you sit in wait, hoping to hit the CPU's pieces it just rolls an unreal number of doubles that allow it to get into its home quarter and bear off.
Frustrating Whatever algorithm the developer claims to be using is rubbish. It should be impossible to be able to predict a random move so consistently....right
Had this as a free app for ages, playing at level 5 having played the real game since being a kid. Had to remove so bought the pay for version, much less random on its dice rolls and have barely won a game since, mainly due to the 'lucky' dice rolled by the CPU. I will be looking elsewhere to replace.
Not cheating Prove it. If you want to prove you don't cheat, allow the game to get rolls from a text file supplied by the user and generated by an independent randomizer app. I double dog dare you.
How stupid do you think we are Game is cheating like hell,all your excuse is not working.randome dice...realy.
Lousy Anyone who has played BG for any time will see this game is lousy. Even at the highest difficulty rating it is easy to beat. Don't waste your time.
ERM, who won I really like this game, the graphics are nice and smooth, but it keeps taking my wins as it's own I've caught it doing several times now. I always play first to 3, the other day we were one point each, I won the third game by doubling the CPU and it claimed it beat me 31 It's a CPU, so I don't really care, but come on
Backgammon Never played the game I  saw on the reverse of my checker board. Downloaded the free version for my tablet and liked it. Purchased  the app for my smart phone.  Excellent  game as are most from this provider.
It has an uncanny ability to roll what it needs when it needs it. I have never rolled more than one double when bearing off, but my opponent has rolled as many as four sets.... Discredits it's protestations that it doesn't cheat
Biased Roll Despite what the developers maintain, the rolls do not seem evenly distributed, the bias presumably is easier to code than a good game engine Deleted.
Obviously not random dice rolls in the higher difficulties, the AI isnt that great so the devs have the CPU roll better to give the illusion of difficulty
