Not updated plans Very old plans shows. I have recharge with Rs  561 for 3G 60 days validity but got only 30 days  asthis app is not updated. Please install if you want to get cheated ....
Not recharging Whenever i try to recharge from this new version,  recharge is not done.  No error not even a single message comes informing what has actually happened inspite it stays blank whereas the previous version i had done many recharges but this type of issue has never come.
Referred friend but did get blcne I refer my friend on whatsapp he downloaded the app through my link  signup and recharge mobile instantly . But I don't get 25rs in my wallet as per refering programme . Why 
Electricity Bill Pay i had done a electricity bill pay of 1600 on nov 16 2015. money has been debited from my account but did not received the bill payment confirmation from the operator. My transaction id is FCEA151116261659283. I wrote a mail to the freecharge customer care. Please fix this asap or refund me my money.
Still not getting coupons Initially in the older version I used to get coupons of equivalent amount of recharge now m not getting this...please do the needful n ll definitely rate u 45 stars
Fake add Recently I recharged through free charge and as they have said u will be winning prizes,no such scene
To need transfer option If i have not net banking and not debit card so how can i use this app...so money transfer option is may helpful that time...why u r not do it better option for your costomers...
Can not transaction on App via visa debit card  I can not transaction on App through visa debit card. While every transaction done on web with the same debit card. So, developer team should be solved it as soon as possible. Otherwise I will never used the app, will use only web.. Best wishes...
The worst recharge app Friends don't download this app it is very worst they are stealing our money.. Charging but not recharging.. Worst customer support.. There is no option for giving zero star so giving single star.
No option for postpaid data card. Now i think i had rated a extra star.. u deserve 1 less There is no option for bill payment of postpaid data card. Even it allows normally but payment fails at the end. Really annoying. U promote ur app with fake coupons. Rename the app to Fakecharge
Worst app I just tried to recharge my prepaid mobile, the amount for recharge deduct from my account but recharge could not be completed. A dialog box with the following error came up We're sorry  Your transaction could not processed due to a technical failure. Please try after some time. This thing often happens with me. I suggest not to install this app.
Worst It is worst bcoz earlier , it used to provide us with the coupons from the merchants like mc Donalds n all but now it doesn't ..so that's y it is worst
Payment delayed I downloaded your app today sand recharged my airtel broadband connection. My credit card has been debited with rs 1595 but the service provider hasn't received any payment. Please assist as soon as possible.
Worst site with wrong information I just recharge my Reliance GSM number Rajashthan with Rs 79 as per plan mentioned in freecharge. It shows that Rs 79 recharge provide you 35 Paisa all calls for 45 days but after recharge confirmation I've received sms from Reliance that my only STD calls will reduced to 30 paisa per minute for 45 days. What about all calls local and std as per your plan mentioned in recharge section on freecharge.
Cheater Brother dont install this app n buy from this they cheated me when I add 3333 i didnt get any cash back and even  there  is no such cashback list to raise complain  though I wrote a mail but no reply. All my family loaded money to wallet 3333,2222,1111 none of them got cash back....
Fail 23 transactions failed in first three attempts with money withdrawn from bank account. Even money wasn't returned until I filed complain. And money was returned in terms on freecharge credits, which means I have to waste it here only. GOODBYE.
The app cheats you I got an sms from Freecharge clearly stating 100 cash back on my next recharge from my account. They did not specify the amount for 100 cash back. So any normal person would consider it as 100 cash back for any amount, and I did. When I made the recharge I got only 50 rs as cash back and now when I sent my complaint to them via email they do not accept their mistake and just try avoiding it. Worst app ever, paytm is better
Shit App After resetting the password, I recharged my account with 50 using the promo code R50. After my account got credited with 50rupees, the app doesn't allow me to use that and it's doesn't recognize my email id. When I try to login with my email id and password it throws an error. Nice way to fool customers.
No coupons, the plans are very inaccurate, very bad I don't understand why there are no coupons available on the updated app , iam a Vodafone user the palns shown are completely wrong  and when u recharge with those wrong plans u get some alternative recharge instead
New version sucks Its been more Dan 24 hours nd it still says wait 8 min before u get ur second recharge. Nd funny thing is i dint had my first recharge too . paytm is better dat dis crap.
Please don't waste your time This is not easy app for recharge  pay bills
DO NOT INSTALL. Go with paytm These people will send you a coupon by email or SMS and will force you to use the credit or debit card. Your transaction will fail and money will be in wallet. You have to forcefully use this money. I faced twice FCVA151120264490653 and FCVA151120264475725
Irritating I used this app for 2years that was good but now it is not responding  I don't y wat happened to free charge from 10 min I was trying recharge my phone but no response  I'm going change my app now
What the worst offers.... I have recharged of 7k at once and they provide me the coupons for only 550. Seriously it means recharge of any amount and they will provide the coupons of same amount. Good work employees good work
New issue plz fix it up Verifying ur recharge amount What is this y ur veryfying when i knw.... n it takes ample amount of time to do that non sense thing Y u added this Getting stuck thr for no rsn.... tried by entering amount by self rather selecting from plans... bt same verifying stage which will not take me further.....plz fix not able to recharge any number from app
Error all the time Why u r giving offers when u can't afford it. I got msg for rs 50 Cashback but m not able to use it till expiry date because of ur server failure sometime 405 error sometime 503 error and most of the time app stuck to the please wait we are verifying the recharge amount...
Lg g2 I dont understand whats wrong with freecharge nowadays. I reviewed 5 stars earlier but not anymore. I just lost my 300rs. I wrote to freecharge twice and they just ask you to wait. Now i just lost my 50 more. Recharge is failed but money got deducted from my acount and my wallet is empty too.
