Grey screen I launch the app and start playing, after like 2 minutes a double advertisement comes out. I close it and then the game is just a grey screen. Then I have to go to my settings, force stopped the app so I can play it. Will give 5 stars if fixed.
Won't work What the heck happened Can't do daily bonus or weekend bonus, says I have 8515. Come on now. It started doing that before I did update, update did not help at all. Please fix it Started working again. But now it keeps giving me a black screen every time I complete a draw or challenge.
Okay.. Everything is way too easy, I guess everything very fast and able to draw quickly.. The daily challenge was a breeze, which sucks.. Personally I'm not enjoy it, no one wants to even play a long standing game or they take days to draw back.
Keeps crashing I love this game but it keeps crashing. I have to draw around 10 different pictures before one will finally send successfully. Please fix this it's super fun when it works
I can't ever open it without it saying there's a problem loading data. So I can't even play. Just keeps saying hey there I'm ANGRY, SO ANGRY. ALSO WHEN I WATCH A FKING VIDEO FOR MORE REWARDS IT DOESN'T GIVE THEM TO ME AHHHHHH
The app won't even open I open the app and it crashes every time without fail. I'd get the paid version but with no guarantee of it working why would I...
Draw 2 Drawsomething 2 was an amazing app. This app is trash compared to draw something 2. I dont know why you removed it from the app store but it was retarded to do so. You could save drawings and look at other artists drawing.  Pathetic company
Everything wrong with mobile Terrible UI. All kinds of scaling issues on high resolution screens. Missing images. Tiny letters are very hard to tap. Forgets login after each game and have to reregister every time. Very slow to load. Ads after every action some are unskippable video ads. The worst part The idea is solid and fun, just needs a half decent developer to implement a better experience.
Needs work I like it.. BUT, I've played draw something 2 and it had different brushes tools which made the game even more fun. This app isn't so great anymore. To many ads, no different brushes, oh and talk about that low ink crap. I can't make a decent drawing without it saying that I've run out of ink. Please try to fix this.
YOU HAVE RUINED IT, CANT EVEN PLAY IT OHH GOOD GRIEF LEAVE IT ALONE ALREADY,AND YOU WOULDNT, NEW UPDATE NOW IT WONT WORK  AT ALL, SAYS I HAVE GUESSED 72 of 12,WHAT HAVE YOU DONE, PUT THE GAME BACK WITH 70 or 75 for the weekend bonus, keep the daily bonus, keep the price for bombs the same add a few more bombs and LEAVE IT ALONE, UNLESS YOU ARE GOING TO ADD A PRACTICE MODE, WILL RECONSIDER REINSTALLING WHEN YOU FIX IT, BUT NOW IM UNISTALLING ITS USELESS, NOT HAPPY AT ALL, ZERO STARS
Shuts down I can't play for longer then 5 mins with out it shutting down and having to re start the app it does it on my phone , tablet, and 2nd phone please fix.
Fix crashing It's really annoying it's a great app but it has crashed 3 times and it's only been two days
Great idea but doesn't work Takes several attempts to launch. Runs v slowly. Doesn't seem to close completely when exited. Basically has killed my phone so I have uninstalled. Shame because it's a nice idea.
Would have been higher But it kept bugging me to rate it and I had only played a few games, so here ius your rating. It is a fun game but the ads won't close and they bug you to rate it. Edit...still bugging me to rate even tho I have....sigh. Edit...Still asking over and over again. Still love the game. And if you hit the back button you can deal with the stuck ads. But this is silly, rate me ,rate me. About to take it to 1 star.
Still unfixed problems for over 9 months Used to be a terrific 5star game. Now, it's just OK.  Good news 1. more word categories that are free no bombs req'd 2. scoring continues past 999. VERY BAD on my Galaxy S4 1. the letter boxes are smaller than they used to be 2. category name is very small on the incoming drawing to be guessed    3. when I rotate my phone to landscape, the draw area is the same size as it was in portrait, making it more difficult to draw scenes.
