Free game haha yea right Played this game every day since 62014. Spend quite a bit of money. But ember you are not only greedy with lousy packs for ridiculous amounts. You now have found away to make people spend even more with new troops and adv speed ups. A lot of unhappy people. Oh and the prizes use to be far better then they are now. Ember quit robbing people and start making them feel they actually get their monies worth If you like filling embers pockets play the game lol
PTP GAME Pay to play otherwise you will not get far. Good graphics but game experiences lag. If you don't pay researching takes months ridiculous
False advertising They changed product after I purchased it. They won't give a refund or the item I purchased.
Promise of 5000 gold They offer 5000 gold if you play commanders I did the requirements and still no gold. The game itself is kind of fun but if you offer something then go thru with it
MONEY WTF Ember should make realms specifically per spending group offer a teleport to a different realm where people play with little money or none at all. Keep big spenders in money realms and give little guys another realm so we can have fun not being able to buy 100 packs wtf.
Hi my man play the game i install the game and after that i open my man  account,why
What is this its not working in galaxy core 2
Power stealers Ember had a glitch then stole my hard earned power and troops from me
Like this game so far
Ember has been a money pit as of late but that is their choice. My rating is based on the fact that at will they will take away power, troops, and speed ups that you have paid for and refuse to respond to any attempt to contact them.
Cant log in
Samsung Galaxy Note 3  4 LTE's Great game. When I try to buy a gold pack, it tells me This payment method cannot be used for this purchase. I have been buying gold packs  with this card for awhile now, UNTIL NOW    PLEASE FIX.
Greedy much Every update just ups the prices. Payers have fun, players get left behind. Constant lag and server issues. Keep this up and you will only have a few big spenders who will also quit cause no one else plays
Ugh. Ember. Most recent update derailed any player who has played any amount of time. Thiw game has grown to a point where free players those who will not pay for items are farmed by people 1000 their power, with no hope of victory. Plus their 5 minute maintenance windows stretch to hours.
Deceptive Game should be renamed more money. Ember has sucked thousands out of people and are changing the game so you spend more. Get your credit cards ready
