Horrible My daughter played it for all of two or three minutes. It then froze up and closed, other apps that were on my phone started opening and closing on their own. It wouldn't let me click on anything, restart or power off. I had to take the battery out. I tried clicking the app icon to uninstall it, but it added it 4 more times. I was finally able to get to Google play to uninstall it, and my phone is back to normal.
Can get annoying The only way u can get on another level us because u have to play the pop the balloons and the pop the balloon games only go to level 6 so u have to play the game again and again and on the GAME u have to get on levels and I'm only able to buy a ring and that's it frankly this game sucks
Boaring You should be able to play all of the games free. I mostly got it to see what dress I would wear and what hair style but its worth money. Some people are poor what if they wanted to have on a dress should be free
Hate it Hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate
HATE IT This game takes forever to play and you get onto the next level you unlock a part of the game which is yet boring I got onto lvl 8and it was BORING. I hate it . Hate it. Hate it. Hate it. 
It I'm just another trick It is just another trick only the dumbest people would think this crap would not make you waste your money.
Bad It only lets me play wedding cake, beauty salon,wedding wheel,balloon pop,photo album,and wedding ring and I want to play the rest of the games fix it fast. BTW this is my aunts account. The rest of the games you have to pay hate it.
Horrible I just can't  seem  to  take  it everything  should  be  free but some of it is locked  and you have to buy  it  I hate that so much it is crap
Boring You cant even play the game and it takes a hour to spin the wheel so that means u must spend more than a hour on your fone
Hate It  only let me play 2 levels and I am only 10. But I am smart and cute but I hate bad game
Hate it Only let's you work the ring and face of bride. I mean what game makes you buy the other levels with real money Hate it, worst game ever And totally boring Yawn
Hate it I mean it takes forever  to  play  thats  wy I hate it hate  it  hate  it
Hate hate Hate It's so annoying I can't explain
It is a horrible game It does not have more than 2 things to play wat a ripp off to those who haven't downloaded it yet DON'T
I don't like it because you have to pay for the things that you like for example the wedding dress
 It is so dumb u have to pay for mainly every thing and u can't do much if u don't pay for stuff
Awful You can only do three things I hate this game it is super boring I hate this game who ever made this game fk you
Boring game Who hates this game that's true because It can't download easily  want ruppess for unlock levels that's cheating so boring game
