Bugs and crashes Ads tended to crash the app. Now, in addition, level upgrades and mission selection also crash the app. HTC 610 android 4.4.2. Update better but still choppy and ads still crash the app though less often. Sad because it's actually a fun game. Second update Issues resolved. Love the game. Final update And back to not working at all. Won't pick up my WiFi connection so I cannot update. I'm done.
It was fun and all but I bought soundwave early and all its saying is all assets must download before u can preform this action like really Fix this already I've seen a lot of reports about it already. Too lazy to do it Its ur job.
WASTE OF DATA I did downloaded this after a few days it shows all assets must finish downloading even though I have an internet connection. What a stupid game Fix this and I will give 5 stars.
Buggy. Not fun. Pauses to display ads mid level. 5 times a level. Lots of bugs. Things that don't work or crash a lot. Frustrating slow clunky menu navigation, upgrading and crafting. Fun for 10 min then quickly turns into a slow grind for coins and never gets better. The more you level. The longer and slower the grind. With no goal in sight. Also confusing. Why are pigs killing pigs and deceptihogs working with autobirds Huge updates every week. Kiss your data plan goodby
game made him cry My 6 yr old loves this game. But he came to me crying. He was almost to level 40. Now he is back at level 1. The game also likes to freeze his tablet all the time too. This is so messed up man I'm just repeating what everyone else is writing. Does anyone read or fix any of the issues from these reviews         Nicole Walker's mom
WTF Rovio Once again, I have lost upgrades. I'm tired of getting so far and then, I get demoted once again. I've lost hundreds of levels now. This time because of your update.
Crash Every time one of your stupid ads come up only 11 percent of all ads even get downloaded or watchedmy game crashes and I can't play it and I am stuck with a frozen screen for 5 minutes
Crashes all the time on my S4 This game would be my favorite if it didn't crash when I go to skip a video. It seems like the Unity Ads advertising programming is buggy. About every forth or fifth game I play the game freezes or crashes and I have to manually close it or restart my phone, then open it again and it's good for 45 more rounds. Really frustrating.
Sort the crashing error please This games crashing a lot after adverts which is really frustrating please fix whats ruining anotherwise great wee time killer
Glitches and repeats Too many glitches closing the game and it takes way too long to advance far enough to explore the island. And now with an update they cut my supplies down to 25 of what I used to hold. Horrible upgrade.
Could've been a great AB classic except 1.Storage still reduced 2 untenable lvl 15. All silo items  levels gt15 r missing. Where is storage previously purchased Where r all items stored b4 silo reduced 2 lvl 15 Have spent  on in app gems 4 nothing. 2.At this time, Rovio's policy dismissing ABT gamers complaintsdissatisfaction re losses of in game purchases 60 loss of available gems in ProfPigs lab  in gamedowngrades, etc, could b problematic 4 some current  possibly any future players.
Upgrade time To date so far this game is fun, BUT it is now becoming stagnant because it takes forever to upgrade just 1 character. Why cant you guys add 1 more slot for upgrading or at least cut the upgrade time in half. When you cut the silo storage down a few months back, you did absolutely nothing to cut upgrade time.
Constantly crashes Every time an ad pops up, the game freezes.  Please fix this problem. This is the only ad that crashes on my device.
Lots of fixes but...Facebook issue Many fixes in past updates but this one is the biggest bug of all. Upon launching game, game is not always logged into Facebook so I log in then app restores my progress to last save. Losing sometimes several 100 thousands of coins and rewards. Don't want to play if I have to redo levels and progress. Pes me off
Game was great until i was level 80 somthing. The next time i went to play it started me off from the very begining
Level 350 ...all characters level 15...over 1 million coins and 2k gems....all gone overnight. Went to get on this morning and it has me at level 1...awesome job Rovio. I will not waste my time building it up again...good riddance
New patch was numerous glitches. 90 of the time right before level loads, game closes to my home screen.
