Won't Let Me Play Every time I try to play it automatically goes back to my home screen I'm not pressing the return button or home Don't download this game
Laggy Glitchy Ads cause freeze ups. Server doesn't connect for player vs. player. Good concept, but needs serious network attention. Using Nexus tablet.
Crashing to much. This qrapy game crashes every time I do anything I highly recommend the people who made this game to either make it more compatible with all devices or just take the game down. You people have the audacity to flash a good looking product in the consumers faces but give us qrap.
I had this game on my iPhone Had it on my iPhone,  worked really good,  now I moved on to a Samsung phone and somewhere along the way there was an update that ruined this game, is really cool I love it, but now I have it on my Samsung phone and its garbage,  won't even let me start a single match.
Way too many issues to be good. Needs serious updates. More like a NO STAR game. Can't ever fight on multi player server is always down. Horrible horrible horrible.
Game lags When playing  on multiplayer mode get messages like connection to server has  been lost  . It drops you out of the fight and you end up losing .  Sometimes you can't control the boxer at all and your just a sitting duck. I have a new tablet and fast Internet,  I don't think the problem  is on my end. This game would be cool if they fixed this.
Game keeps crashing The game is only able to run for about a minute before crashing. Hope you guys can look into this issue, seems like a good game and i'm looking forward to trying it out without any glitches. Cheers lt 
I freaking hate this game Everytime i go to fight the game crashes The only thing this game is good for is to waste your time.
Dum player Upgrade stat still weak even fighting weak player, d more i upgrade d more it bicome dumer. N when oponent got dizy my player back away wtf who i a fight a player back up when his oponent get hit hard
Last update broke it As of the most recent update, it crashes  glitches out even in single player if the internet connection is unstable.
Doesn't keep stats I basically beat this game 100 multiplayer is still fun and got a new phone... WTF is the point of FORCING you to sign in with a Google Games account if it doesn't keep your stats Uninstalled and won't be coming back.
Hate it This game used to be good. Now there is an energy bar. There used to be a trainer, now once you buy the upgrade, you have to wait or pay in game money to speed up the process. Vivid you guys SUCK For all you boxing fans, download Punch Hero, it's way better.
Please fix this crash I waited a hour for this to download then when i enter it show the logo of the game and then starts to load and exits to my home screen.please make an update to fix this then ill give a five,but for now,a one star because i cant even enter it
Disappointed Had this game for ages. Deleted it for a bit... Upon reinstalling I still have all achievements but have lost all progress including stats, skins, gloves etc... Also have screenshots as proof of such and would appreciate it being reinstated
Not accurate There's nobody can regen a life that's too big after a knockdown
I saw comments regarding the app crashing while playing. You guys are lucky enough I just installed the app and tried to open it and it got crashed.. Looks like the app needs some care from the developers...
