KASCAM Kabam has pushed new events and expansions, with key cards exclusively obtained through purchase on the order of several 100.  Guild Wars, the only event NOT requiring major purchase, is in suspensionrepair, with rewards for last season that were commonly available 4 months ago.  Recent arena adaptation requires those key purchased cards.  Unless you have massive disposal income, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME.
Fun game, horrible customer service Kabam has taken a fun game, consistently failed to correct massive flaws.  Kabam has implemented many new features and for purchase chests with a small chance to get a good card.  However, they have ignored maj9r flaws for months at a time.  IF YOU HAVENT PLAYED THIS GAME YET, DO NO GET SUCKED IN.
Kabam  RIPOFF First it was the Grail Knights they dont tell you the only way to increase your gk lvl it to buy things with gems and gems cost real money.  Now its the new arenas if you loose 2 tkmes tk your apponint you have to pay 100 gems to reset your battles and GEMS cost MONEY.  come on KABAM AT LEAST GIVE US A WAY TO EARN SOME GEMS IN GAME  every game ive ever played gives u a chance to get gems or cash or whatever is needed to buy things IN GAME
FIX THE MYRIAD OF ISSUES Great game if anything worked.Needs ALOT of bug fixs,but the artwork is unparalleled.Six months of glitches,no fixs and generic replies about non existent solutions....FAIL
Update is suck.old vershion is good.now waste of time 2 stay play game.sooo many people play ds game and 90of players upset.still not given replay.
What is wrong to kabam What is wrong to kabam Why take away my gk 280 days, gk lvl8 all gone before update 112 2015 and now i discover my carleon tower endurance become 5252 why I finish all that carleon tower long time ago i 3star all that room
Guild War Glitch We can not repair any of our buildings. It's not just a problem for my guild but all guilds in every realm. Is Kabam going to do anything to fix this Even just some kind of announcement saying that they see the problem and they see our complaints Does Kabam even look at the forums This needs to be addressed.
Great when it works. Prepair to embark on an amazing journey deep into the world of no support staff, bugs they don't fix and best of all you don't matter to kabam. Potential to be best game ever. But they refuse to fix major bugs.
Auto battle What's the point if you can't control the battle There is little strategy involved.
Doesn't run on bluestack , the game give's a fatal error message
No support No info anymore, they only want money. Game is buggy
Cheats This game cheats people out there money dont spend money
Guild Wars Kabam why don't you fix the glitch on guild war buildings...hospitals  and armory are not there anymore...As long as you advertising begingfor cash don't you have time to fix the issuesLazy buggers...this was a great game ...now is a shame
Pay for everything Use to be able to get good teams now they give u one card in event make u pay for other 3 for combo and I've played since game was release,arenas impossible to complete,almost ready to delete
Force closes Force closes on me after the app has been open for about 2 minutes after loading
Nao recupero minha conta nao consigo recuperar minha conta
Support No load game after update
