Cheating everytime Earlier 24000 i won but were not credited and then i again earned 65000 and again 60000 gone without any reason even after winning. Just hate such things. Even when claim for    2 or more things together 90 percent it dont do the second one leading to late and then bogus. Please fix it or give the chips back, reply asap.
Uinstalling right now.... Very fake game....The dealer never call that no. that I want but call that numbers at last and If I claim something like I claimed the middle line today it was written you'll get 9000 but I only got 4000 and the ticket was of 5000....plzz guys never install this, this is really fake
It look like cheating   by some one  in game not fair to all at game hour some one even don't get single number count but other already   claim whole ticket .
Only fake ppl win.. Whenever we play the game with unknown ppl...always with only one no.  We loose...whether its corner , line or house...fake people always take them...i agree it can happen one or twice but not everytime...the game r fixed ...u will loose whether u play 1 or 2 or 3 tickets
Bots shud not win much better than bingo, however dont let the bots win, else it feels like cheating, and also numbers shud get repeated in all the tickets, however one number appears only in one ticket. at level10 ticket costs are insane. will lose 56 million in 56 games
Many a times it deducts u r money but u don't get u r card and if u get after 2 numbers it stops and u don't get to play as well u loose all fun of it then. Plus they should change announcer as well as style of calling out numbers and some different way to play not just that simple 3rd need four corner etc instead some thing more there should be.
Eeeewww Users Plz don't install it  It cheats everytime. It will call the no. which is in ur card  till d prize is won. And if u r in level 2, it will give u d table in which 9or10 level players r there n will never let u win. Only 2 chance is there to win. N now, it has ate all my chips  n only 2000 chips r left. PlZzzzz don't install .
Update ur game In this sometimes no comes fst  sometimes so slow apsa when i claim anything it always says u r late 2 claim this no has gone.
I never won Game is good but no idea y I always lose the game.. Is thr ny powers or what.. Other players claimed early five very soon.. There is cheating inside..
Chutiya  game Bhot chutiya game hai  ................ pura chutiya bna rhe hai  ........ tumhare pass jab 1000 rs baki hoga tab tum jettoge but  tab tak aap jeet hi nai sakte ..............
A lot more expected In Single Player mode, there will be always someone who will win the prize just one number b4 u. Is it possible to claim Early Five in just 7 numbers. Can get manipulative and frustrating. And it logs you out every now and then. Uninstalling.
Bakwas h sb k number bolti h but apne no he nhi bolti last tk ek he no pe rehjte h but apna kbhi no.nhi aata its big cheater
One of the cheaters At the beginning stages, the make u win so that u get addicted to it and later they remove numbers which are exactly one or two numbers ahead or after the ones in ur ticket which makes u frustrated... Hate it
I am not happy vt this coz wen ppl r not there to play computer plays it... an all the game they win then w s the use of public playin...
Worst game i ever played Gay's don't waist you're time to play this bad game  
Cheap game..PR decided..which ticket will win Hopeless...good time pass..but not for serious players...complete.. Fraud..the developers.. Think they r masters...but remember we r not fools....I told u..n I'm experiencing this....they r the chors only worried about their ratings....I'm coming...will get or game offline..wait n watch...coming...haha..they induce the bugs...cmon
Not genuine game, seems to be fraud Fraud game but some times time pass
Fake game stupid Very stupid game fakes player come in game win prizes plz dont install this game
