Gems This app is OK and would get better rating but they still owe me 2300 gems contacted support and still no reslove. They want me to jump through hoops to get something that should have been immediately credited to me.
Match making Surely there should be some sort of match making instead of someone raiding you with 500 troops and 100 dragons and what ever else, especially when I don't attack anyone  because I'm to busy rearming traps so never have any money to do anything else.
Building or upgrading  can't manage which building to attack. No good changes Building or upgrading takes too long. There should be an option to use multiple builders in one task to speed up the process
 We Need Bangladeshi Flag There are many player playing Clash of Clan from BANGLADESH,  But we don't have any flag....... ADD our flag, we will give 5 
Nurf Please make a game balance between ARCHER QUEEN  HEALER X 7 would be undestructable even 2 x bow  cannons and mortars cant kill her. I'll rate 1star for now
I want Malaysia flag I want Malaysia flag.. There are many people in Malaysia that play clash of clans... We want our country flag.. That is MALAYSIA .. I WANT MALAYSIA FLAG... MALAYSIA,MALAYSIA.. I WILL NEVER GIVE UP UNTIL YOU ADD MALAYSIA FLAG IN THIS GAME... MALAYSIA,MALAYSIA,MALAYSIA
Town hall 8 is totally wrong Tesla level 6 shouldn't be for town hall 8s its way difficult to take them with golems and golem upgrade shouldn't be available from town hall 8 and pekka level 3 and 4 should be in town hall 9 tesla level 6 in town hall 9 tesla lvl7 n 8 should be in th 10
Too much upgrade time We al know that you make upgrades and building slow so we will use gems and when we do not have enough gems we will buy it using real money so you will be paid but...how about us withouth credit card how
Update takes too much times to upgrade and electric walls used to look cooler than the lava walls have been changed so that looks sick. I want th 11 and walls to be electric kinda.
What the heck When I get the game again and I log in to the game It does not have all the stuff that took for ever to do and it doesn't load were I was last I'm kind of mad and upset if you can fix it then I will get it again and play
Lost my village I have been play this game for a long time and I lost my village. I lost it twice already . I didn't care about it the first time even though I was town hall 6 but the second time got me mad , level town hall 7
