I used to love this game. I reinstalled recently and found myself forced to watch 30  60 second adverts playing between each and every level of the game. Even with this, I got used to it and kept playing. Until the adverts started crashing both online and offline and as a result now prevent me from progressing on any of the maps in the game. Rovio are pathetic.
Used to be a great company once... It is sad how this company has changed over time, how they ruin games to just make money is plain disgusting. Start removing ads or you will start losing way more than you would be without ads.
Ads Wonderful game. Love it.  One star because I can no longer play offline.  Greedy pigs  The game is no longer free if ads are forced.  Fix to get your 5 star rating back.
Once upon a time Was a great game.  I started back playing recently only to discover it was over saturated with ads. Tried to play offline on a four hour flight only to find out i couldn't play without having ads forced down my throat.  After Angry Birds 2 i guess i shouldn't be surprised at their filth.
The most enjoyable time was playing offline while travelling in airplanes. Now with your stupid ads between each level unless your online you can't play. Why did I have to pay upfront for the game if you were going to screw me with adds soon after. Amatures...
Good game, bad ads Game was great, the adds really annoying.. too intrusive
TOO MANY ADDS THIS GAME HAS WAY TOO MANY ADS THIS IS RIDICULOUS AND STUPID YOU CANT EVEN PAY MONEY TO REMOVE THOSE STUPID ADS FINALLY I WAS ABLE TO GET OVER THE ADS BUT THEN I CANT MOVE ON AFTER 9 LEVELS BECAUSE IT KEPT ON SAYING TRY AGAIN LATER PROBABLY BECAUSE THERE ARE NO MORE ADS TO LOAD SO NOW I HAVE TO WAIT TO MOVE ON ARE YOU KIDDING ME THESE ADS ARE THE WORST EVER ROVIO, YOU BETTER DO SOMETHING ABOUT THESE ADS
Used to be better The game no longer has Google plus meaning that you can't sync things you already bought  and you need to watch ads to advance to new levels and if you don't have Internet  yup can't advance
Was a great game This game used to be one of my favorites, sadly it's ruined. You have to watch a advertisement to advance to the next level, so if you're offline, you're screwed. It's a shame to see what Rovio has turned into
Ads Enjoyed the game till the recent update ads are required now however the ads have issue that they won't load preventing you from continuing
Adverts Love the game, hate the ads and no longer being able to play offline due to them.
SERIOUSLY ROVIO This used to be one of the only games that I liked on android.. now u have put stupid ads after finishing each level that sometimes won't even load even tho I've got internet, making it impossible to progress. Thx for ruining such an awesome game..
Good gameBad advertisers Love this game. But a video between every level Sometimes at retry It used a lot of my data plan by itself... Ps. I say get the reg vers. The videos are HD too it seems...  Never had a game go over a GB after install Before 2 weeks to boot
What This game was great, but then, ads Ads, ads, ads adsI can't play offline anyone.Two stars until you get rid of this.
WIFI No get did of this game.Why u make it so u can only play with WIFI.Don't install it u need WIFI to play.U JUST WANT 
Nice game, but it's an add brainwsher Make a paid add free version or unlock add free and you'll get my money.
What happened to this game This was a great game until you decided that I need internet to play. This is ridiculous, you have sacrificed quality of gaming experience for money.
Racist Game This game is only for Mexicans.It gives Mexicans the ability to hop over levels while people who are white,black, ect can't and have to do the right way So unfair
What What is try again later wtf it makes no sense what's so ever this game was never like this until now change it back its not even fun anymore I'll wait until it's back to normal until then I won't play it
Hey problems Rovio can you help why won't the next levels unlock, I've completed previous ones
Ads I used to play this game 247 but now I am forcing myself to watch ads in between plays. Please fix ASAP
Bad bad Too many ads I can't play because ads what happened this used to be a happy game.Rovio should be 
