New update downloaded.. cannot see my fking gun... How to fking aim. Really like this game but I cannot play now. Please fix
Heavily Commercialized Please don't download this game, nothing Free here only free thing is frustration. Every step you need gold or bucks even you can't play continuously. require energy for each mission Semi automatic sniper guns are not available for bucks you can purchase only by gold which is rare in this game. There are many technical issues are also spoil the flow of game. Game stop automatically, phone hanging, large quantity data consumption.
Stupid stupid stupid Went on to play today and it's saying my one mission is higher priority. It won't let me select any other missions. I can't complete the mission they're pushing on me cause I don't have enough money to upgrade my weapon and the back buttons are not working. So screw this game. Peace.
S6, finally works, sometimes. Finally a patch for the S6s and others running the same op system.  Appears to have fixed the months long issues.  Upped from 1 to 5 stars then back to 2 with both Global and Joint Ops issues.  On both it keeps freezing upon completion of a round and has even kicked me out without crediting kill coins while still taking my energy and FMJ power ups. I've lost well over 80 energy and multiple power ups without receiving earned kill coins. 5 stars once it fully works.
B S Bought the 2nd best sniper rifle and spent 6,000,000 upgrading it to do the new special ops mission. Still could kill the top guy, shot him 4 times and didn't take any life from him. Had to blow up a barrel to kill him. Bolt action sniper rifle take too long to reload so unless you use slowmo you can't complete most missions. Hotshot really try to trap you into spending real cash.
Daily challenges need fixed Trying to do the weekly challenge and can't pass it the guys are invisible
I've never had so many problems with and game, except for kill shot. This game should go back to development because it needs a lot of work. Game goes into not responding, not giving energy bars returned, not to mention bullets, slowly, and spotters we buy with debit or credit cards that isn't returned because of technical problems. Either fix the problem or get boycotted and possible shut down
Last day of daily challenge and cannot see enemies and even with spotter on cannot kill them I had just got back into enjoying this game again and this bug means, that I cannot do any more daily challenges. Really annoying as this brings in the bucks. Hothead may have said that they dealt with this but they need to fix the game. Only half men and cannot kill them with bullets. What is this about. Too much time being spent on new game  and not looking after existing game. Needs fixed
Weird Mob Killshot thanks. Using tapjoy to get gold found a better game. Not as boring not as hard to advance better rewards and cheaper weapons upgrades. Deleting you now. Thanks again
Kill Shot The game was doing good until I upgraded. Now I can't even load the   first level. I m at level 9. Don't know what you did to the upgrade but send me the first version. All of you other gamers don't rate this game until you get to, at least, level 9 then rate this game.
Open your wallet Actually a good challenging game, but like so many, this game is destroyed by developer greed with unrealistic in app purchases. Game is fun until the difficulty bottlenecks forcing you to spend more and more money. When is it enough I would happily spend a few bucks but do people really make multiple 100 purchases Notifications are annoying too.
Reloading your gun after every shot is slow,causes you to get killed.other than the game is fun.
