Dragon City I've got the biggest gripe with this game  all the other games.. but this one mainly.. I'm sick  tired if NOT receiving ALL my gifts that people send me.. I might be lucky to get 1 a week out of the hundreds that are sent to me.. Considering the amount of  I've spent from my pocket on this game.. Time you fix this otherwise it's time for consumer affairs will be notified
Soo mad I just bought gems and then used my gems to buy food but none of my food showed up i just spent 20 on this I'm going to delete this game and tell everyone else to if I don't get what I paid for
Where's my dragons The two new towers that my dragons enter disapear and now i cant use my 4 elements dragon its hard to breed on you know gt
Fairies Really enjoyed this game, but tired of it constantly crashing. Also annoys me that after a certain point it quits letting me earn fairies for the contest. Usually only let's me earn them once a day.
Is this a joke I got a rock flame dragon but I already have one and I can sell the egg or the dragons I don't need FIX THIS NOW OR IM DELETING this game and will tell every one about it oo and one more thing you o ly get one gem when you level up fix it all
About The 10 Gems Fix the log in Facebook account issues please. Thank you, keep it up 
App sucks I love this game but the app keeps shutting down I'm getting sick of it so I'm deleting it fix it and I will come back until then you get one star would give zero if I didn't like this game so much
WHY SO SLOW My dragons take for ever to fully load, even my towers I am using WiFi, so it is not an issue from my side, PLEASE FIX
It takes gems to do everything. You can try to earn them by downloading stupid games you dont want to play and you never get them. Or you can take stupid surveys that doesnt give you any. And you you mail support they lie to ya. Good luck with this one
Lots of room for improvement So the new update included the, theater... which crashes my game every single time I try to use it and its now a wasted effort to try and earn gems for dragons Really has me in a pickle... Do I lower my standards and continue to play with a supremely inferior app or do I say forget trying to get new dragons, just suck it up and . . .
