Shuts down on me randomly Great controls. I have just one issue. The game randomly shuts down on me no matter what mode I play.
It crashs I can't get into my first match it just crash my career crash s quick match crashs I haven't tryed multiplayer yet but only training works please fix and I will rate 5 stars note I play on Samsung galaxy tab kids because im 8 years old
Trash This game is literally garbage. Controls are trash the striking is trash accuracy is trash creating is trash even walking is a chore. Swiping is billshit they dont have actual button just tap the screen like an idiot hoping your character does what you want him too. Would never recommend this game. Waste of 8 dollars.
It cheats I hate whoever made this stupid  I hope you die from John Cena and killing you you ugly piece of garbage every person that download this app is stupid because this happened so stupid that it is heated stupid and ima kill you
Great game. Please update this game like ps4. and available karao wwe2k 16 like ps4 in android mobile please make this out of ring. Commentary, more superstar, matchrefry, Divas, complete action is not available this game when game is start  finish Please update like real live wwe
Very very very very less than hope I did not hope that it could be this.. No sounds available. No full entry.no keys to operate character . it is worst game and is only a trap for 505rupees   not anything special .total 14 wrestler not more.If there would be 0 stars I will definitely give 0
Awful awful This game is awful don't know why they made it I was so happy to get it but it sucks short entrances 3 matches only like 20 superstars at least put more legends this game is so slow this game is just awful awful awful
Well it was a long time coming but finally a update, and what do you know... still crap. No wrestlers added and even worse is the controls are still awful... at best. Also not enough modes and still no wrestling outside of the ring. Not worth the money, one star just for the graphics which actually aren't to bad... but that's about it
Worst game ever Every time I try to make a fighter or start a match it force closes I want it fix or I will never buy a 2k game ever again
FIX IT I'M REALLY ANGRY  When ever I try a finisher I know how to do it it don't work and I lose the match
NO MUSIC OR SWIPE FOR SIGNATURE OR FINISHERS Wwe 2k needs more people more match types needs to be optimiz for tablets waste of money and time
