Worst E com webapp, they can not deliver on time, no acknowledgement of purchase on mail, when you login on wesite it wil not get login, ask for forget pass no link fwded to mail,  Mistake to download it and done shopping with this
I would give 5 stars but the delivery service to my pincode is not serviceable   Clothes shoes everything from this app is so pretty and fashionable but my bad   I understand COD might not be available but through online payment they could've send by India speed post or via dtdc  I hate it man  I dont even wanna give a 1 star
Late delivery I ordered a bag on 13th ang got it on 25th.damn late delivery.people frm d site and courrier service told me dat dey vl send d package in urgent basis and still dey dint.i had to leave for another city and i told dem everyday to make d delivery before 24th and dey promised also but dint keep it.Now sm1 else is receiving my package.i dnt knw wether d product is up to d mark or has d same poor quality as deir service.  M disappointed 
I hate return policy When u able to dipatch all my product whatsoever i ordered so far that what is the problem in picking up the shoe which size is too small for me moreover i have requested for replacement that too after waiting for long time almost two weeks it took to dispatch the order if i would have this much time to return ur product in ur given address i would't have done online shopping.It is better to go with flipkart and myntra their return policy is too good compare to u..
Disappointed I ordered one product which is not at all similar to website ...color s total change
Bad Ordered products and they cancel it because of non availability of the courier company. The order was cancelled by LimeRoad without any prior information.
Worst apppppppp ever just a crap.... frndsss plzzz don't download the app it's just a crap
Worst app ever poorly designed and you will get irritated finding men's clothes.
such bad reviews... shud i even think of choosing this app as a good option...
No option for creating Scrapbook and getting LR credits..and huge problem after update...crashing page not loading etc...
Too bad service really disappointed I had ordered a 3  tops which I received only 2 but wen I complained it took two weeks to process and wen I received it it's different colour now I need to complain and it's vry long process dude
Products are not as per the pictures When ever I bought anything from this app I had always return it cz the things shown in picture is not up to the mark as in real..
U sucks waste of Mb and time do don't download u will get nothing except for bullshit
Doubt After reading all the reviews,,, m confused should i download it or not.. and even if i download i wil think twice to order any product.
waste hello i ordered for 517 rs but after ckout they charging 1016 wat is this dnt buy anything
It is not working..everytime i open it.it shows..something went wrong..try again WTF
Return I have raised a request for return of one of my order, but sadly very poor and delayed actions. Irritating messages only regarding pick up and failed to pick up, filling my message box day by day.....no proper action.
App takes ages to load fully   and same product is not displayed in product details....
Esha Limeroad isnt workng again n again showing try again as i m opng worst app
Too lame,ages old collection  Not at all suitable for brand addict girls  Lookin at the collections make u uninstall the app immediately
Poor Offers... What's the whole point of 1 free on 1 offer... Who will buy two sarees or dresses of the same colour and pattern... Waste of time.
Worst Limeroad is the app that gives best offers like buy 1 get 1 free But... It's jst offer but when we order that, it comes only one piece Worst service Huh
Loved them But dont we have men collections
Worse app don't download it. It's a wastage of time and net
Ordered product,buy one get one free,only one product came.Second orderanarkali , came wid only one sleeve .one was missing
Doesn't even start I downloaded this app twice but it doesn't even starts on my phone.
