Retro update The updated interface looks to have been designed by going over each element of the old interface and making it slightly worse. End result looks like a shareware game from the 90s. Still no option to disable ads, which now cover more of the screen than ever.
New update sucks The new update sucks, very childlike look, terrible layout and it looks like you've made too much of an effort to make the teacher less condescending the things it says are cringe worthy. And i tried to have a pass and play game but wouldn't work because i had no connection. What's up with that Its a local game it shouldn't need a connection
I love playing scrabble and now it jumps around all over the place and making moves is difficult , not happy
Overworked new look Sorry,  the new look is overworked. Too many new animations too. Initial splash screen with scrabble only on it is at a poor resolution. Where's the teacher face gone
DoNT LiKE THe New LoOK. The new look dosent suit my phone. It also dosent go portrait. Was that custom just for tablets. Played this everyday. Can't play ATM very annoyed.
Electronic Arts more like Electronic Accident Soooooo many annoying ads  every few moves ,the worst being the videos lasting 30 seconds or more  Why can't we have a pay version like iOS do  I would gladly pay to be able to play with no interruptions . listen to your customers WE WANT TO PAY
Very poor update Appears to have taken a large backwards step. Childlike animation full of bugs. Words that are played but don't appear, wierd ad bugs that won't disappear.....now looking for a new scrabble app.
Scrabble upgrade Was good now terrible lost old games and played new game and only lasted 2 moves also can't do a rematch anymore , until fixed will look elsewhere
Absolutely disastrous What have you done to my favourite game  It is impossible to play now. Can't believe you call it an upgrade Horrible 
New update sucks Why the eff would you remove orgin How the eff is that a smart move I can't keep track of anything anymore and the new design is totally old school. ... and your scoring system is completely whack... how the duck could someone that scored lower than me possibly WIN ...this is the nicest way I could out it.
New look is complete  and utter rubbish Chat facility  ruined    bubble numbers on opening page  upset my ocd   games are now impersonal with numbers and no names   origin needs to be logged in every time  you play     and of course the ads       PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE  take this awful update off and restore  it to what was a decent game
WAS a good game BUT The android 5 update is terrible, it was better before. The ads have become unbearable. Loud video ads that you can't close. Now it won't work at all, won't connect. I'm switching to wordfeud.
Doesn't Work After Update Simply doesn't work any more after update. Freezes on home screen.  Previous update messed up orientation. Why spoil something that worked fine
New update has spoiled it for me... I used to play this daily. The updated version has spoiled the game completely. There is a bug when i am playing with computer some letters are just not visible on the board. Unnecessary annimation. Too slow. The option to play with multiple computers has also gone. Real example of fixing what is not broken.
This is no upgrade.  The experience is tedious,  speed games are impossible,  irritating to open it through Facebook every time.  Even worse than your last upgrade.  Please Bring Back the old scrabble,.  You are putting off even die hard scrabble players
Good app shame about the ads. The app works well, it is well designed and thought out. But it is let down by the number of ads we are now getting. I'd pay a one off fee to have this game totally ad free. And after even more ads, dropping this from a 4 to a 1. I thought the ads were bad before, but there are now ads that open your browser, without even touching them.  The recent changes are ... weird. You can buy coins, but they removed the explanation as to what they are there fore
NETWORK ERROR TOTAL GAME ERROR IF YOU ASK ME What on earth is going on. I play my turn and my opponent gets my points. I have a rack of letters which change before I move, and then to cap it all I just forfeited a game because I was so fed up, and it force forfeited my opponent Absolutely useless and annoying
Fun but now REALLY flawed EA what have you done with the lastest update Just dreadful. The graphical change  is just awful. Ads now seem even more intrusive. The board is SMALLER Apart from  the ads it wasn't broken so why fix it Also why oh why not offer an ad free pay version aswell I would happily buy that. Also the change in the feel of moving tiles far from an improvement. Not happy  may uninstall. Two stars as scrabble is a good game inherently but you guys are trying to break it.
DOESN'T EVEN WORK NOW  PERMAMENT NETWORK ERRORS  Used to be great but much worse now Bloated is the one word which springs to mind I have an S5 mini which is pretty fast but this app slows it down with its constant and unnecessary animations which cant even be switched off This app used to be 5 Star a long time ago but in my view is now  2 Star.
I hate the new one Bring back the old version layout and i will start using it again.  Until then a different game for me
Updste. The new version is terrible. Looks awful and frequently hangs. Please reverse the changes. I cant think of one thing that has improved with this latest version. Ruined by incessant adverts. Needs a non wifi version to allow playing solo offline
Horrible update, I am 38, not 8, give me the option to cut out the animation and comic look please.
Don't like the new look The old one is more better. Easy to play and fun
Am no longer able to get into scrabble at all now on my hudl. I am always playing with my friends. Hope this glip will be sorted soon.
Dislike the new look Logged in Origin users are showing as guests unless named as friends. Tiles are not always sticking. The rematch function has disappeared. I, like others miss the teacher's face. Luckily it hasn't updated on my phone yet but really annoying on my tablet.
First it didn't work at all, then it worked and I was able to get all my friends back. Now it's stopped working again. Put it back as it was
Paid version is a must... I'm quite disappointed to see that there is no paid version like the one on iOS. Some people prefer the paid version cause there are no ads. It would be nice to see an inapp purchase for no ads. Ohhh and one more thing why the hell do i need to have an active internet connection to play in single player Its quite idiotic... Because of these missing or useless features i uninstalled it right away....i wonder how many people have done this
DON'T UPGRADE Stupid. They put ad banner at top of game and squashed the game to 34 of screen size so hard to control tiles as smaller. Also put stupid spinning scrabble icon which is prob slowing game down too...yup just what you want to see not Also ads have slowed game down. Don't say I didn't warn you.
Scrabble Taking ages to connect, then doesn't give you up to date info on your moves list. Don't know what's worse waiting on it to load or suffering all the ads
Grrrr Game worked fine before the update now it doesn't load Please fix so I can finish my games I have started with my friends
Hate this updated version. Keeps telling me that it cannot connect to server....advert after every word and long 20 sec ads. Am going to uninstall  and download another version. You have just lost ANOTHER player
I hate the new look. It was working perfectly well on my samsung tablet but now it is so slow, mainly because of the stupid spinning S, it no longer notifies me when my opponents have a turn so I have to check every few minutes. The chat feature is ruined. It is too big and I can only add a face at the start of the message or not at all. Please tell me how to change back to the old version. Also, I miss the teachers face.
Terrible upgrade Loved it before but the upgrade is not an improvement  the board is now smaller and the ads now block the scrabble menu which is extremely annoying. What's with the spinning s after every go At least the ads you could exit, or the longer ads were timed but now its a neverending spinning s Change it back please
Update rubbish I seem to have lost games that I had been playing over several days,  lost regular opponents and am no longer able to login with my origin account. Also the look and feel is too cartoone, clunky and childish.
