Fewer Lives I used to love this game. I'm frustrated now that you've taken away two of my lives permanently and expect me to pay to get them back. If this becomes a theme with King, I will stop playing any King game.
Nothing changed w glitches After the upgrade my Facebook connection doesn't work. I began to play this games less everyday..
A lot of bugs The game always hangs while playing Tried switching off my phone. All the background apps remain closed Disappointed Uninstalling Was on a high level 
Wtf... when I try and click on the jewels.. They do nothing. I would rate 5 stars instead of 2 but until the problems are fixed we will all be happy. I can't even play the game... 
After level 353 decreasing life to 3 I had level 353 and after last update found life decreed from 5 to 3 and if want to upgrade pay for you. .. how that be.  Silly update ...     and this game must give at least for each level pass give a good bar in order to make competitions between players.  .  Else any player can send a random gift like rocket or bomb or gold bars like sending life's...
Stop making it so hard I hate the fire fly levels I only get two moves in and my game ends saying I haven't woken enough fire flies. No kidding Let me move more than twice before ending my game. This is stupid. I'm done.
Its ok. Game is too obvious on not letting you beat a level. I know it is so you buy stuff, but that aint happenin'. It sucks....still sucks.....and it still sucks...so i signed into facebook and lost all my progress..i was well into the 600's...so it still sucks.
Update crashes Had 5 stars but after update, game freezes often. Screen doesn't show up right either sometimes. Better before update
fix it i will give 5 stars. before update it keep close when plying.after update it cant be open anymore.fix it please.
Disappointment I keep trying to play this game but it constantly kicks me off when I go to play. Even when I make it almost all the way threw the level I am on and am going to win BAM it kicks me. Their has even been times where I make it threw the level and pass BAM it kicks off and uses a life and doesn't even pass me forward like it should have. Been trying for a few weeks now and if anything is just getting worse.nit worth my frustration
