VERY GOOD GOOD GAME... but it always go to the homescreen when im racing.. plz fix this problem then i rate 5 stars.. but for now 2 star i enough
HORRIBLE Started off with a lousy car when the bots are obviously faster. I used this technique where I ram into the bot and the bot just teleports all the way front Super lame Not easy to win and you'll end up frustrated If there's a negative stars for this, I'd give it a negative stars TERRIBLE STUPID GAME.
Don't judge a book by its cover Even though I love furious 7 but this game is stupid
A very poor dedication to the late Paul This game has no proper controls. Tried all way around, can't even clear the first race. Don't dedicate such games to a legend.
Sucks I don't like the game at all and every time I try to turn right the car turns left its  frustrating ugghh
THIS GAME SUCKS Its very laggy. The cars are too slow. And the other racer glitches WAY ahead of you if you hit him
Not responding Not opening only hated it pls fix it if u fix this I will give 5 stars
Never download this bad game.controls are bad and you would probably not like this game. I advice you not to download this.the shots show that the game is good but actually it is not a good game.
Really There's so many pop up adds and we start off with a crappy car. I could barley get past the first one
WORST GAME EVER This game is so hard I can't get past the 1st level the other car on the 1st level is better than the crapy car you start with 
Boring U can buy cars so easy make cash price lower so it takes more time to get to stupid cars
SUCKS MAN I just started it when it only shown a silly picture of a man and made my phone hang it sucks,really
Good one They clearly wanted you to buy upgrade in the first place that why they make it so hard even though the difficulty is low and no money when we started the game
Hate these game . Grrrrrrrr . Cant loose my oponent . Dont download these game . Its suck man . If you have a 0 star i will give that . 0 star .
HATE IT When i am at one minute it turns blue, I can't  see anything
Only the cars in this are fabulous Otherwise this is completely a waste of time and i am gonna uninstall it
Horrible It was the most boring game I've ever played. The other cars are way faster and just take off and you can never catch up. Do not get this game.
Horiibly horible So bad can't even beat first level ''
Ok It was good but when I turn it does a uturn
Sucks U try to stear a little and it throws u farther u guys should of made it better than this come on six was way better
This game sucks This game sucks the controls suck, the first race they try to make you lose, and it freezes when your first and on the last lap
Hate it I was just driving and something happend and it was all blue and i pressed pause and pressed exit menu and it did nothing and my phone is brand knew and this game sucks a lot i want to tell you should really not get this game even if you like do not even download because it will not even work ok
Best game Speed is good I like it
How can I make the car to move 
Disliked it Its very lagy and you have to vait very long time til it opens.
Very very very horrible Please don't download it ,the bots is soooo strong that u could never beat it
Horrible game It's the worst game you could play. The controls are horrible
Totally blows Graphics are sub par artifacts covering cars like crazy.
Sucks game Dont install this game, wasted your time to play this game
