Does not keep correct tab on the wins and losses. Everything is a loss. Paid money for this app so hoping it gets fixed. Worked fine before update. Keeps tabs, but partner makes dumb moves. Always outbids me and bids 7 or 8 on a tre only. Recieved the message but I have it on master. Partner still outbids me and the opponents curiously know what cards the other has. Why can't it just be a deck of cards and play
Good game The only thing I do not like is that if me or my partner takes low it does not give us the point. Which in MA it does. So it really does not give accurate scoring. Hope this gets a fix. Also found that they dont count every 10 as 10 points only the suite 10. Would like to see who has taken what and i also do my own scoring.
Scoring problems It doesn't correctly attribute wins. I just won 5352 and it counted it a loss. It also counts shooting the moon as a loss most of the time. Please fix My partner also gets needlessly aggressive when we get behind e.g. it will bid 7 over my 6 when we've already won the bid... and then go set on a crappy hand. It would also be nice if one could manually clear the cards instead of being forced to use a delay. I'm happy to rerate after an update.
I can't stand that some of the custom settings don't work with others. I want to be dealt 9 cards prebidding, discard all non trump, be dealt more cards to equal 6 in everyone's hand, dealer picks from leftovers. Gentleman's round of first trick, no trump.  Bid to win. Only High Ace, Low 2, Jack and Game. This is how we have always played, but I can't get it to go.
Leads with low Used to be a good game but I think the players have forgotten how to play this game. Takes points randomly and who consistently leads with low Not anyone I've ever played with and for that reason, I'm uninstalling until its fixed.
North partner is the worst player. Finally can't take it anymore and I am deleting the app. That had been the biggest complaint you get and you have not address the issue. Goodbye.
Score not correct Doesn't keep accurate counts of cards. Look for another game.
Needs an upgrade I wanted to create a pitch app. This has potential but lacks in a lot of areas. Can't get to the main screen, definitely not turn based look at games like spades and hearts. The computer can play too. Instead of just your turn all the time and saying what the computer did. Needs a lot of work but I'll be pkaying this hoping for some upgrades.
Enjoy in general, but... Have played pitch for years, the systems starting hands are not randomized nearly well enough.  Over the course of 100s of games, my partner and I hit acetrey at less than a quarter of the times of AI competition.  I should be winning at about a 75 clip, but am under 60.  Last upgrade screwed something up.
Scoring is all wrong Almost every hand the scoring is wrong. Ill have an ace and at the end it'll say the other team had a joker or jack for a high card. This has to be fixed. Last update is crap
Score is wrong. The tabs for winning is wrong. Just won a game and counted it as a loss. I paid money so fix it.
Frustrating Love the game and 4 point but the ai partner is a killer it always bids way over the top when he's only holding one suit, hate having to play with a computer partner would be better with a cut throat option added
