When the dice game is available to play and I win dice....every time I go to roll them I dont have any. Why does that happen It was showing that I won two dice rolls but it said that I needed to play the game. This bites big time.
I've tried emailing about my issue but.... I've tried emailing about my issue but it gets rejected Seriously Don't waste your time  storage on your device
Bingo crush I spend my coins on keys and power ups. Cant even enjoy a game. Canteven complete those little tokens game sucks
I use to love bingo crush, but twice in the past week the game has crashed and ripped me off for 16 tickets each time. And every time I earn tickets it doesn't give me the full amount that I earned......... Once again the game is taking my tickets. I close the app and have 33 tickets, the next time I open it I have 14. WTF.
THE BEST EVER  PS UPDATE NOT ANYMORE I have tried many bingo games and so far this is the best one ever...it is definitely interesting and not boring at all....AND THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IS. ....IT SEEMS LIKE THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO CHEATING AND THE GAME IS NOT FIXED LIKE ALL THE OTHER ONES...ON THIS GAME YOU WIN AND YOU LOSE SOMETIMES....kudos big time.                                              SORRY TOO MANY CRASHES AND NO REIMBURSEMENTS.....WASTING MY TIME AND  money
Tickets Why does the ticket clock never seem to count down to zero and give more tickets This needs fixed. Can't play without tickets Game often freezes up while playing my free rounds in the daily tournament and I just lose a round. Game not worth my time.
Cheaters Ruined a fun game. Why is the game stealing tickets when I switch to another room. Stole 6 tickets when I went to magic room. Everyone needs to watch. Sometimes they take 11 tickets. It's always a different amount. Can you say cheaters It also doesn't always give you the tickets the screen shows you should get. My original review was 5 stars . Too bad it became a cheating, bingoless game. 1024 stole 8 tickets.1027 stole 6 tickets...not fun BYE...DELETED
Scam Biggest scam ever DO NOT INSTALL... They start you with 50 but if you bingo every card you only break EVEN. You don't gain tickets. Its guaranteed to lose EVERYTIME. How are you supposed to move up if best case scenario is you break even If you want to play longer than 20 min, pull out your wallet. And not only that, it crashes every other game And you don't even get your tickets back
HELP I downloaded the game and it kicks me out before the loading bar gets half way... I haven't seen the game yet because it freezes on the loading screen then bombs out. Please fix it
Can't get help I'd give 5 stars if someone would tell me how to get my app to download more than the initial city. I've reinstalled it several time. All the other parts work but  I can only play in Budapest. Otherwise it's the best bingo game. 923 Still no help. Guess it is time to delete like everyone else that couldn't get answers. Very disappointing
Bingo crush I just bought 350 tickets and left the game.when I came back on I only had 70 tickets left what the hell I'm turning this company in jfor ripping people off of their money.
Frustrated So when you first came out I was hot for your game now not so much because for the last 3 days I got to the 3 free site and within the blue box there is no click to play them sooooo frustrating MEGA I've tryed as guest also to no avail So now Ive emailed you another night without my bingo fix  Nov. 9th 2015
Worst game ever. Now worse than bingo blitz. That's an incredible feat Used to be fun. Hardly ever bingo. Water drop is awful. Uses all powerups and still no bingos. WHAT HAPPENED Stole 8 tickets so far today Steals some everyday when I switch rooms. Everyone should pay attention. I bet they're stealing yours too when you switch rooms. Its not every time and the amounts vary.Stole 6 more credits today1027 stole 6 tickets.
Originally really enjoyed the app but rapidly became frustrated  irritated with the constant freezing  not only losing coins on power ups but often did not receive coins  experience points earned during rounds... several bingos in a round should gain something Evidently I'm not the only one that is having issues with game  feel its a waste of time  memory.
Issues I would have given more stars but I have a problem giving a 5 star rating to a game that screws you out of things. There have been several times that I would get bingos and some of them in the top 3 only to not get credit for them because the game unfortunately stopped for some reason. Also, you could gain 10 treasure chests and I only give 3 or 4 of that 10. Good addictive game otherwise.
Hard t get your coins so you can get keys so you can play. It is not fun anymore to play the game I love. RIP OFF
Used to be good and fun Purchased tokens few times lately games always freezing and while playing next to wife in same room clearly get bingos and won't credit for it then have it freeze and have to back out get no return tokens or powers emailed support couple times with no reply not impressed 
Kinda disappointing Update it's not giving me all my bingos or chests, it crashes constantly, and it's losing its appeal. I rarely play it and when I do it's just more frustrating then fun. I'm uninstalling it and finding something different.
