Officialy I want to break myself It sucks because whenever you try and get it it says you miss is it. never even waste your time with it it really is not worth it. this game sucks I would never ever recommend it and I will never Play It Again. just so you know. it is not worth it people so never even try it. I hate it so much. not worth it again not worth it. makes me wanna puke it's so bad.
No rhythm It could've been a fun game but there's no rythm when pressing the buttons to go along with the song playing. 
I love it, when it works It is an amazing game... but only when it works. When I attempt to play a song, i am taken to the difficulties, and when the song is nearly loaded, i receive a notification,explaining that the games has stopped,no matter where I am
Nice but hits limitations quickly They're only a few songs and even less if you go with your genre. You can import your own songs but then the game doesn't fit to the rhythm so well. All in all it's a nice game but you hit the limits much too early. And the notifications are somewhat useless and annoying.
Pops up pops up in the middle of me playing it takes me to the internet consistently need to fix it than I rate maybe three star cause I love guitar hero. Played it on my iphone
Can't Play My Custom Songs. It Crashes After A Long Time Of Loading My Custom Songs and does not allow me to play them and that means a lot to me. So 1 star until you fix this bugglitch. My Device is Samsung Note 4
Fun But......... There is something wrong when playing it When you start playing it, the song will start cracking the tune, and sometimes, the song start to slow, it is beacause when you click the buttons Disliked it  I thought it was fun and awesome But, I was wrong I've waited this game to be downloaded, aven there is error  But, the others is right It's just a waste of space and time
Trash This is the dumbest app i have ever downloaded i love guitar hero but this app won't start and when it does they bombard you with ad's and then when you click out of these ads the app shuts down again pls fix
Really Why I'd pick my songs are always crash This app need to delete. Don't download this app a bunch of crappy ads
Unplayable Has problems with hit detection and miss randomly. Also, the timing window is very small. On top of that, the song selection is very little. You could add your songs if you wanted to. Even then, it's badly synced. Avoid this game by all means.
Not worth it I would play and tap and it kept saying I was missing the notes. Looked for a practice level to figure out timing, but there isn't one. Then if you miss too much it closes, but you're still tapping. When, it closes the level to inform you that you're missing too many notes there's an ad at the bottom you'll tap every time.  That ad then opens your browser to get the game advertised all because your still playing the game when the game decides to stop you from playing.
Eh... The music is so out of sync And when I try to use songs from my device it crashes. Thanks for making a terrible game.
Might be fun Might be fun to play if adds wouldn't keep causing game to shut down. Can't even get it to play more than one time through without shutting down. Fix add problem and let me play then maybe I will give more stars. VERY DISAPPOINTED
Too easy, not enough The game has a maximum of 9 settings, 3 genres. Each with three difficulties. Even the max difficulty is fairly easy, you can import your own songs for added difficulty, still very easy. Will be deleting this app.
Only as good as your playlist is. Played the Beatles and Buckethead. Has only nine inbuilt tracks by some unrecognisable artists. I have played better guitar simulation games on earlier non android Nokia phones which featured songs by the likes of Joan Jett, David Bowie and Black Sabbath. In comparison, this one is a major let down. I use this only to make listening to my own music library more interactive.
It is a lovely game, I just wish it was simple to play your own music I have to search through all my files just to play a song of my choice They should put you phone play list so you can choose songs from of your device instead if having to play the cheap crappy music the game provides you with gt
Meh. Not challenging at all, and the hard difficulty has notes which are offbeat or don't make sense. There was one song which had me tap a triplet eighths multiple times when the song was playing straight eighths. Come on.
Rhythm I would love this game if you add a rhythm that goes along with the song.
FIX THIS Every time when I play a song it always freezes over and over again and I keep loosing the songgame. If you fix this problem then I will give you 5 stars
Saturday 20th 2015. I Don like this and I'm never ever going to  play this  game  so I give you 1 star  SORRY 
