Takes up way too much space I LOVE THIS game but the amount of space it uses on my phone is ridiculous. I even have an SD card and it only allows me to place 42.88MB on my SD card yet uses 738MB of internal phone storage. At this rate I'm going to have remove this one game or 7 other apps just to make room  1 vs 7  easy choice, this one must go 
Uninstalled Multiple levels just get stuck so I can't play them, another game that only saves if you connect to facebook which sucks if you don't have or want a facebook, plus I can only play for about a minute and then I lose all my chips.
Used to be great... Used to be great. My wife and I didn't mind spending actual money on this app, because the tokens could last a long time, but lately the payouts have been getting worse and worse, especially the higher you rank up.
Game is rigged Well this game was fun until I got about 15 thousand loyalty points now I never hit any jackpots and run out of chips just as fast as I get them. This game is rigged to wear when you first start playing it gives you a good boost and is fun and then when you start racking up the loyalty points you don't win very much at that point. This game is crap and not fun when you hit a certain point totally rigged. They just want you to buy more chips.
No more FB connect and extra bonus video not working The updated app lost the Facebook connection, no more linking the loyalty points.  Every time I connect FB the app restarts again.  Now I can't complete the journey where I left off.   Second thing, I can only collect bonus chips once. Tried to watch the video to get more bonus chips, video cuts out half way, the app restarts and bonus chips cannot be collected.
Is it real  I recently heard that story avout the waitress that won 362,000 on this app, so my superstition said alright maybe i'll get some of that luck. I downloaded it and have been consistent with the playing time and bonuses and have been earning loyalty points but i lose way more chips than i win and i dont think i'll have such luck as the waitress lady but if so, i will defintely give back to those in my shoes  Good luck everyone 
Rip off I am sorry but I had to uninstall the game. Every time it restart the game I would loss all my winnings and they always want money for this and for that. If I can't keep my winnings then I will not give my money.
Can't play at all...... Stupid Says to check my internet and can't login to my Vegas network...... So what next..... My internet is perfectly fine.. Fix or I'm deleting for good. Cause what's the point of having this game and can't play
Jeez I can't believe how gullible people are. You play for a while and build up chips thinking you are getting perks and stuff. Its easy to build up chips in beginning. You wim almost every spin. Well then you bust your chip count and then are mad because all the time you spent building it up. Then the game relies on human impulse to buy back the chips they had, preying on human instincts and those with addictive minds. Don't waste your time
