Double down casino really sux. Bonuses are few and far between and they don't pay at all, this is worse than the real casino. Daily spins don't even give you enough for more than a couple of spins.
Like WINNING LOOSING play this 5 weeks loosing every spin this is the best casino or was still can't win shi7 now week 7 nothing greedy jerks really sucks especially since this is one of the best slots not saying much about the rest they all suck you dry for instance my bet is 50k all I win is 8k really 8K cheap 1 win in 8 weeks got 2 million now gone only 1 win in 8 weeks efu
Fraud I spent 24 dollars on 9 million coins. I spun 180 times and at no point did I win more than I wagered. Totally odds defying to get your money. Don't waste your time.
Keep having loadin issues cant play i kno its not my phone cuz it plays other games jus fine deleting not fun anymore
All games I realize you are in the gaming business to make a profit of course, however, no one in their right mind would buy chips from you  when you are guaranteed to lose without ever feeling that you had a chance to  win anything or even be able to play the game for more than 5 minutes before the guaranteed bust. I don't mind losing the extremely small amounts you award daily but I would never spend my own money on your loser casino. Think about it
I would rate it higher but for about a month and a half or so i have been having alot of problems. I start playing and the game stops and shuts down. Sometimes it will shut down as soon as i open it. I have tried turning off my phone to reset but no luck. I even cleared my data and clache. Please fix as i do like playing these games.
Been playing for over a year. Spend 300.00 on average a month for chips. Boy have I been stupid. Do not win anymore. It won't even load on my android phone anymore. What's up with that Sorry just list a goid customer. There are no rewards for players.
Don't win enough Never get enough money to play for long. Too high of bets to get any where. Nothing like any of the other games I have this off my least favorite.
Just paid 18.00 for chips and now being bumped more then ever. You all really need to make it so people. Can play during day. Only timeout can play is in the early. Am 34 am. Not right Game sucks since past two updates bumps you out of game most times before you even get in. I love the game but can't play very disappointed be cause I even buy chips and that takes my money and I can't play.
Horrible The minute you use your card its  over...you will never get good hands the dealer wins all the time..and your daily bonus get robbed the minute you get it.SUCKS STAY AWAY
DONT WAIST YOUR TIME BEWARE Nothing has changed I played this app like 2 years ago and if you aren't spending money on the app you will never win any games, still the same way today. 2 years ago they where known for ripping people off by taking chips that were bought, they would just disappear when they wasn't logged in. So please BEWARE
This is a rip off It's a rip off I hit good one minute and the next it takes it all back. Y'all came out with a new game the magician something, I know y'all have rigged it because I hit like crazy on it. Up to 10 billion dollars and the next thing I knew it was gone the money and the game but now it's back and it will not hit anything. And you do realize that this game is for fun right We don't win any cash or prizes from this so why do you charge to get more credits. Such a rip off
Used to be great app Don't waste your time downloading this app used to be the best casino game hands down on the entire world but their greed for money has screwed up the fun of playing the game if taken away winning and all they want you to do is buy chips sad that they screwed up what once was the best game when I have fun now go to slot mania or double u casino they provide fun gaming and winning slots for the players they're not greedy
Money back now Give me my money back right now. You kick me off every time I spin. I spent money on this and did what your stupid thing said to fix it and still when I spin I get kick off. I want my 900,000 coins back RIGHT NOW. Its your problem It your problem I amgetting kick off. I spent good money on this and I want my coins back for kicking me off every time I hhit the spin button
Never win I went through 7 million without a win. I think it is set up to make you purchase their fake money its a waste of time. The buy ins for the jackpots are ridiculous. I win more on real slot machines. These look look the real ones I play. I deleted the app I won't play again.
Double down is cheap I've been playing this game for years n spent millions in coins and never ever wondered a jackpot. ..the payouts are garbage and you never win anything. Wish it were different,  then I'll up the stars..cmon give me a jackpot finally. ......
New update is terrible The new update between 1172015 and 1182015 has made it so I can't sign in and therefore can't play, so I lose my daily bonus, please fix it.
Disappointed I used to love this game but my  keeps disappearing and I was on level 13 forever and still am. I was finally half way and game malfunctioned and now I'm back to square one. I'm very disappointed and even more disappointed that there are no responses on any reviews for problems being addressed.
DO NOT INSTALL THIS I hate to leave a bad comment, but this game is total CRAP I've lost now for so many weeks that I have lost track of how long it's been. Bonuses NEVER happen, and it just takes the free money it gives you away immediately. Plus when it does hit in a bonus or big hit all the slots and games go cold for days after. If there was a no star rating I could give you guys I would. Removing from phone, FOREVER
You are going to LOSE Games are very fun to play but it's too much like a real casino....YOU ARE GOING TO LOSE Usually have to rely on free daily chips to keep playing.  ANYONE  WHO ACTUALLY PAYS MONEY TO PLAY ON THIS SITE IS STUPID
New update is bad Since new update I can't login so there goes all my work My only complaint prior to that is that I have played this game for over 4 years and am still on level 15 because my level NEVER moves.....
Crap Play VideoPoker. .. 2nd Deal game disappear,  FIX DAM GAME AND I'LL RATE HIRER. .. soO you get a 1 Star ...
Frustrating at times I have a note 4, and frequently it won't load because it says I have no Internet connection. I DO have Internet connection, and it doesn't recognize it. The game  used to pay out and now it doesn't. I'm using other casino games much more frequently now.
