Good game enjoy playing however at points sims lose actions and also just logged in via cloud and my town has gone from worth 2m to nothing fix and 5 star will be awarded 2 months later and still not sorted love this app but town worth more than it says
Not happy Over night my phone decided to update sims without my say...now all my game data is lost and i have to restart but before that happened my SP points kept disappearing. now this
The new update It really annoying when I can only  have 5 sims in a house and it keeps going down every upade .and the stuff is so expensive to get and they have put the prices up I can't aford to get anything any more. And they have taken away the clothes like its hard enough to find something I like in it already. So plz try and fix this
Sucks Takes up too much space install  download after opening the game, it crashed. It could be a good game, better than sims 3 at least...
Good game Twice now when I've exited then gone back to the game I've lost 5 life points. I was trying to save them for a marriage plus baby. I'm back down to 1 LP again had 6 this morning after just going back to the game so that won't be happening. Good game apart from the lost LP's
Shitty app I hate this kind of scams when a company name a product free this game is not free, you need to spend real money in order to achieve some targets
I love this game but for some reason everytime i go on it,it says its stopped i would rate 5 but untill this is sorted and price of things have dropped and length of time it takes to do tasks is lowered then im not very happy with it.
Disappointed these no updates for samsungs Love this game . But i complete any quest because i have a samsung and theres no update for me to the the bridge for mystery island.  So just a waste of time to keep playing
FIX IT PLEASE FIX THE GAME PLEASE I JUST GOT A TASK TO VISIT AN OTHER TOWN I TREID BUT THE GAME TOOK ME BACK MY TOWN AND HAVE TO START OVER AGAIN  I CANT SAVE AND EXIT BECAUSE THE RESET AND THEN I HAVE START AGAIN IF THIS GOES ON LIKE THIS ITS COING TO GET BORING TO START OVER EVERYTIME U GET A TASK
New Update BLOWS All about MONEY now What a joke. Don't bother challenges take too long, cost way to much, ingame bonuses are lame considering the outlay for the basics and now they want MONEY...typical greed destroying a good game. And there is no clock display now. My screen, on a tablet, barely shows my earnings etc. WANT OLD UPDATE
Annoyed Was fine in the beginning but now it won't load at all it just keeps saying its stopped Samsung galaxy s6
Wtf I downloaded 171.76 me it came download complete and I pressed it means again it is downloading,my opinion for other playpens was don't download this game u r time waste and money waste
Kinda bad Takes too long to do every action. Nothing like the real sims
Worst and Worst Why the heck this game keeps on asking for more memory when my internal storage is 1gb I can't play game anymore
Not working What are you programmers doing cause my game still doesn't want to work ... I'm upset now if i could give a no star rating I would
