Fake hands One of the worst out there....all fake hands.....someone always sucks out a one outer...impossible catches on the river....couldn't catch a card like that in a million hands...terrible software.....a travesty to poker
All in bingo would be a better description and support virtually nonexistent custom avatar still not working after 6 months of complaints automatic fold on winning hand do not give them any money for chip's ever tables are fixed winners chosen before cards are delt
Steal from customers Its no new news DH texas poker flood the game with bots and steal your chips.  This has to be illegal.. buy chips and DH will steal it back via bots. It would be ok to have bots but if they win 99 percent of the time its stealing. Google should review this game and make necessary steps to prevent scam games like this to be availabe in the store.
Ok WTF l was playing didn't play fast enough and got kicked out. I had over 100000 dollars then when l get n another game more then half of my money is gone. Suuucccckkkkksssss
Application has Stopped I have always loved this game and probably spend entirely to much money on it. However since this last update I have zero access to the game, the app keeps force closing before it even loads.
This game cheats badly At first I loved it and had built up a nice chip count. Then it started cheating and with bots and cappy cards because I stopped buying chips. Thus app sucks and needs to be removed. Warning to anyone they will let you win some until you stop buying chips then they will screw you over.
Missing Winnings I was so addicted to this game until I lost everything that I had won which was well over 2M. Now I have lost all heart for it. What a disappointment. Would definitely have given 5 stars before.
Need to fix the login problems. Love the game but hate the issues I'm having since the update. Fix the problems and I'll change the rating back to 5 stars...until then I give you 1 star.
Crashes now, can't play Sent crash report. Can't open on LG S3 or galaxy note 8.
It has stopped working after att recent update on my galaxy s5
Bullshit I spent so much time winning a sit and go tournament and didn't receive money.
Crash crash crash Will not run app, crashes every time I've spent way to much money and time for this bullshit
Not working on the 22 th...same problem again Can't post 2 Facebook from game ...losing lots of chips...they fix it and now it does not work again 
Crashes and can't access after last udate Crashes and can't access the game after last update, please fix asap, using samsung galaxy note 2,  sometimes folds on its own if i have nice hand, skips turn on its own, not sure how articles are won in festival section cause even if i have a game not getting the article, no response from team for more than a week now
