Doesn't work Tried wifi and lan for my ps4 and the app still can't find my console.
Doesn't work Just updated it still don't work for my xbox
Isn't working anymore It just stopped working. It doesn't connect to my xone, but it shows up after the initial scan. It used to work, I've uninstalled and reinstalled on my note 5 already but it's not helping. I'm playing on just dance 2015. Please fix.
It doesn't work on 2015 with my xbox one
Does not work The app does not see Just Dance 2015 playing on my Xbox One anymore and both my phone and console are on the same network. Fix this issue and I'll give a better rating.
Cool.. but.. Too all that say it doesnt work.. it does.. get a better phone or something.  Somehow disable the BACK button... I accidentally keep pressing it repeatedly. Then higher rating. It's EXTREMELY annoying. It pauses or exit out of the song. For a low lighted room it's better than the camera. But otherwise no... fix.
Won't connect on same network This is my second time trying to use this app and it still wont connect on the same network on my ps4 i hope they fix this problem
Does not work If you have Xbox one it's complete garbage. I did not get a kinect with my Xbox so when they said it worked with phone I was hyped. But it the phone and Xbox won't connect even though it is on the same network. UniSoft  better fix this or I want a refund. You promise a phone controller but you don't deliver.
Keep disconnecting Everytime I connect and pick a dancer it says im disconnected. Liked it at first but now its GARBAGE Please fix
What is this It doesn't even work and I bought the game for nothing now cause I can't use because it doesn't work
Doesn't work Doesn't work with 2015 anymore, both my Samsung and my wife's iPhone..
Broken I have a Samsung Galaxy, and it will not work with my Xbox one. Fix this, please.
Doesn't work Won't work on Android HTC One and PS4.
Fix Please. This lovely app worked for 2015 when it first came out but I stopped playing shortly after. Now that 2016 came out I was excited to play but it appears that somewhere the app became ineffective due to the fact that it does not connect with my Xbox One for 2016. I would love it if they fixed this.
Fix Doesn't work for the Xbox one.
Not working when its actually needed Not an app you can count on, never works when I need it. Doesnt connect when both my phone and console clearly are connected to the same network. I wanna play with 5 friends but I wont, because this app is unstable and unreliable
Doesnt work with my xbox one
Trash I just bought the just dance 2016 gold edition game on my xbox one an it wil not connect to my phone.. I've been trying to get in contact unable to. Highly disappointed. Played well for demo version though. Feel like I wasted my money and if it continues I will be receiving a full refund.
Even though my Xbox one and phone are both connected to the same wifi network, they can't seem to locate each other I really hope this will be fixed soon.
Doesn't work on ps4
Does not work
Not working It says update the app, but there is no update
This is stupid it won't connect to my Xbox One 
