Good but irritating Exactly as pool, it has connectivity issues. Right next to the router, connection is slow and after 20 seconds when it decides to wake up, you lost a game and your money...
Bugs.. Please fix bugs.. whenever you win a match you never get full coins.. fix n get  back 2 more star
Sort of Unfair This game is great as in its addicting and they don't push many ads or micro transactions. The irritating part is that they don't pay you full amount. Just now I played a 200 coin game, I bet 100, as well as the other player. So when I win, I only get 180 coins in return That doesn't make any sense.
Fun game Loved this game and played for a long time. Now it just seems like everyone is stopping and starting new profiles or playing as guests and getting to start their stats over. Hard to believe that, that many lvl 1 5 players can be undefeated in regular play and have 6 tournament wins. There should be a way to stop this and not let people just start over and build up their wins by playing lesser ranked people.
Players are not ready Anyway it's just a game...dun allow competitors to adjust their own coins,make sure every move hits the ball.I found that a lot of people who played the ball dun have balls to hit their own ball,Hehehehe...and it makes most of the players frustrated I hope you will adjust the method thanks...
Don't give money for these cheaters If you have a streak they will set you up with much higher level players im level 23 and i played against level 75 and 66 and others and please set a timer even in regular matches because some players spend too much time just hitting my players without touching the ball
Bastards..game developers Morons why you give such less amounts on daily spins....imbecile..mentally retarded impotent developers.....take your coins and put it inside your dirty asses....you loose your popularity due to less prices
Terrible So everyday, you get a daily spin, right. So everyday I play and I get my daily spin and I've been playing this for over a year now and every day I get the daily spin, which is more than 365 spins and not once have I gotten over 750 coins so this gave is rigged
Connection ruins the game Great game, much better than the pool as its not a guaranteed win. However I just risked all my coins and due to connection issue which happens every match nearly I got booted out and lost the lot. Uninstalled......and BTW I have no issues with any other app on my phone for connection so its your game for definite
 BUGS This app is strictly about money, hence all the ads and forwarding to its affiliate apps. To get any good teams you have to pay. They seem reasonably price but they arent. I don't notice a true skill difference between the pucks. I'm currently lvl 11 and beat a lvl 37 21. Not worth a dollar until the payout, lag and entry fee bugserrors are fixed.
Salary percentages are always different. No matter which level team i use. Constantly getting knocked out of games. Seems to be a miniclip problem . I can play any other games all day in same locations an nit have a problem weather 4g or WiFi. This is frustrating because other than this the game it self is cool.Still same issues got a frozen board at end of tournament contacted support Aug. 26 or so still know reply an still salaries are off.
Too easy to accidentally touch the wrong thing YOU CAN ACCIDENTLY PLAY THE WRONG TOURNY WASTING YOUR SAVED COINS AND CASH. ITS ARRANGED SO THAT IF YOU DO TOUCH THE WRONG TOURNY....YOU ARE PITTED AGAINST A STRONGER OPPONENT AND OF COURSE....YOU LOSE WHAT YOU HAVE SAVED. FIX THIS AND I WILL GIVE A HIGHER RATING.
Shamelessly freemium. Pretty good gameplay, but one of the worst examples of a freemium game I've ever played. Deleting because of constant buy this pop ups.
You will not win if you.don't spend your cash Unless you buy the upgraded pucks, you won't win.  Don't waste your time    edit......the more you play the worse it gets.   People have better pucks and can aim.better abd hit it.harder which is the big advantage.  Such a great and simple.game.ruined by people wanting.to charge for extra power.  Yay capitalism
A good idea...ruined. The game itself is a good idea it's the football equivalent to air hockey... the problem is the physics it uses is dreadful... you could setup two shots exactly the same way and you would always get two different outcomes. It is very difficult also at the edges especially if you have a Samsung s6 edge... just a game of luck with no skill that can be applied. It could have been so much more.
IGNORE IF WANT BAD EXPERIENCE This game freezes and always rips you off sometimes on earning bucks it doesnt give you the money and it also freezes and while was playing on a 10,000 coin game and i couldnt even fricking move my player i was so mad and i lost hate this game.
Fun but unbalanced Generally a great game, until I lost all my coins when it put me against a lvl 66 while I was level 16. Matchmaker needs to be redone so that there's a limit on the level gap, preferably no gap.
I love this game. Probably my fav game on mobile devices. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone. However, I gave it 3 stars bc I believe the mini games are rigged I have been doin them everyday since they started and I have never gotten more then 250 coins. Which there are a lot more choices higher then that then there are lower. I toke 2 stars way bc i just realized that this salary bullcrap takes coins away from your winning coins that's just fedup this needs to be changed like now
i still love this game but...at the end of game price is not beneficial,so much of deductions..
1st, xix the lag issues. Stop connecting me to half way around the world.        2nd, I always have to change my formation during game even though it's already selected as primary.
Stupid game with things that aren't right When I pay money I don't get it back. There's no skill involved just luck. New rule in the game people bash in to you for no reason at all. In spin and win I get terrible things. This game is absolute rubbish. The final thing is that you only get given decent words. I want to say my own words like lucky goal or you've got no skill at all. Thank you for reading.
