Don't download this crab Scam.. No bonus, no scatters.... Crab Don't spend a penny here, this company is on bankruptcy and hungry for money... Don't pay, connection issues... No bonus, very little payouts...... 0 STARS
Purchase ripoff  Nov 16th emptied PB. Got receipt, 2 hr power but coins not added to my bank. Filled out 2 CS forms but still no response. Inc0355779 and inc0358066.
No To many ads yo buy coins. If I wanted to buy them then I would. Now we have ads across the screen telling me that someone on the other sde of the planet has won a jsckpot. Well I couldn't give a dam about it grrrr Getting worse every day.
Texas boss I won 9000 and only recieved 4000 on my winnings i thought it was me not watching my spending and then i won 6000 and never recived anything and i was definitely watching  to see if it was me just went back to the slots and my total winnings was less than it was before i rated you
Changed ratings Wow just played the bonus that comes every 4 days and only got 360,000.  Haven't gotten more than that in over 4 weeks. Now they add this stupid jackpot and I lose over 15 million. This game is getting to be all about the money they make and nothing more
Game sucks Just sucks up your money it can become addictive if you have problems with gambling don't play plus you spend and they never really pay or they pay big after you spend alot to hook you then take it all back so you spend more trapped now
Slotomania Unable to collect lotto bonus Try to fix this....I'm on 2 hour bonus and I can't get off lotto bonus. Geez...been 3 days now.
Slotomania SERIOUSLY I JUST HAD A BONUSES ON DISPICABLE WOLF AND YOU GUYS JUST SCREWED ME OUT OF IT. I'VE BEEN PLAY ING LOYALLY FOR YEARS AND WOW HAS THE GAME PLAY ON HERE HAS SUCKED WPRSE AND WPRSE WITH EVERY UPDATE 0 STARS
Never wins This game used to be so much fun. Unfortunately everything changes. Apparently mega wins are a thing of the past. The developers are so focused on making money and selling coins that it takes all the fun out of the game.  It seems I never hit a big win, scatter, or bonus anymore, and my 'special coin offers' are worse than what is available in the coin store.
Riggedomania Worse and worse each update update...been 1 yr and still can't see whole screen on my LG G2. SLOTOBOZOS use to be fun, could be fun, but as they've gained more players...oops, I mean customers, the devs have chosen otherwise. I would rate it even less stars if i could, just cuz of ALLLL that you DOO   The high amount of 5 star ratings doesn't jive with the player review The stop button action is a joke 
Still having problems Makes no sense that I update the game to fix the issues but still have the same problem.  Yes this is for entertainment purposes, but it would be nice if you could actually win.  Just like a real casino, it's all about money.  The only players who win big are the ones that spend real money on fake coinstokens.  Unless you are willing to dump a lot of real cash on this game you will not win.  The tournaments are for players with large amounts of coins.
Can not win anything so tight all about making money Come on this is not fun how much more money you trying to make 
This game is a joke I play lots of slots. You win some you lose some. Occasionally, you have you buy some coins. Fine. This game has great graphics and selection, BUT I've never been able to hold onto a win. I've been over A BILLION coins, and you just start losing. PERIOD. For days Until they've got it all back. It's got good games, so it's addictive, BUT, it's a money hog. And, the price of coins is just plain silly. Save your money. I'm uninstalling after two years and waaaaay too much money
From bad to worse on the winnings BEWARE DO NOT PURCHASE COINS IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM CUSTOMER SERVICE WILL NOT GET BACK TO YOU. ALSO THE PAYOUTS ARE AWFUL. A WATSE OF MONEY. I WILL NOT MAKE ANYMORE PURCHASES
Slotomania Game is ok, for being free. I was hoping with the new changes it would get better, but alas it has not, it seems to have actually gotten worse. Go through millions of coins and no scatters or bonuses, I think they have removed them from most games. If you're gonna play, don't bet more than a few thousand coins, you won't win anything if you do. The new wolf game was ok, now it's as bad as the rest.
Every since you added the stupid addition of pop up winners it's a huge dislike and adds trouble to my game like causing it to lag Some games the wins are pretty decent but other just suck....just wanted to let you know but I'm sure my opinion won't matter for crap Thanks
Sorry Slotomania....your greed with forcing people to buy coins by not paying out anything has forced me to find another game. I refuse to spend money on a game unless I am at a REAL Casino.....this is to be entertainment not a bloodsucking game. Love the games a d new jackpot but where are the jackpot rounds Billions of coins spent thanks to a smaller wins but would like jackpot round too
