Not much useful I don't think so this app will help us as this would be the routine app of all apps which are present in market. Just to make us bluff I think every day they change its Sunday Monday and gives matches but no opp match will get respond.
Bad What if I dont wanna share my fb profile with any stranger. Bt the app wont open unless I provide each and every detail. Uninstalled it without even trying further. Sign up option on d basis of phone numemail should be another option.
Oops I want to chat with people but its not allowing me ..... Photo validation pending.... Dunno when it completes n when can I start using this app.... Waste of my phone memory 
I don't how to chat with the people whom I like it...as there is no option to contact with the other person...kindly help me out of this problem or else I will uninstall this app as not worth it
Bad It is useless app. Working very slow. Nt even open the pages properly. On 7mbps speed this app is nt able to open the page
Msgs don't get delivered I sent several emails to the developers, seems like no one is bothered to reply What is the use of an app where you cannot respond to your match
Waste of time, don't even try It's complete waste of time. Can't see list of users, just can see one record at a time only. Unless someone like you, there is nothing in app for you. Boaring  waste of time. It uses your complete Facebook profile but still no use. The support team also didn't reply to your message send from app. It proves how they are care less. I suggest don't go with it. There are many more such app on play store.
No respnse I want to bring this to the attention of matchify that its been a month i ve used this app but not even a single match occured i dn knw whats wrong
Fake app Fake fake fake fake...  my profile pic is in pending state...  I like many profiles bt I didn't get any response.... Thumbs down for this fake app 
Fake app Its a fake app no matches found n we cant even start conversation...N it shows 1920 yrs working how can it be possible... Improve it i may give better score
Looks like fake As this app looks like fake from what I observe . Something that makes doubt as the profiles that shown to us is directly catch from people's Facebook ID and that was not created by own users. As the like request that we do for someone may be not received to other. Must give option to edit the marital status as everyone not update its marital status on facebook.So must look on this or make possible to make it better.
No 1 response Atleast there should be option to chat with girls looking for partner. Bt your app fo not supports the same also no 1 response if u like the profile. It feels that this app is just made to show only poctures of girls
Making fool with crap policy This app 1st of all have some serious issues with the tc . 1st a girl generally never initiate a talk with a guy ,its the guys who take the prawls. 2nd no activity so its useless. 3rd no sign of user available or not or might be she just opened the account and left.. Check out guys ur mistakes
It's of No use I have installed this app long back...till date I liked nearly 100 profiles....but so far non has responded....also most of them are fake profiles..please don't waste data..
