Glichey I just lost at cairo.  Game gliched the whole game. Opponent was shooting 8 ball with several of his balls still on the table and won. Now I'm out 500k and I didn't even shoot. I had a turn but it wouldn't let me place the ball and hand shot and then the time ran out in like 4 seconds. I took a screen shot.
Would rate higher but This use to be a great game that you could win coins to keep playing. But lately I've found that when you win you're not getting the whole prize. My entry fee is taken and all I got back was that amount. Even had times were I got less. I hope you look into this and get it fixed.
Great game but.. Playing semifinals tournament and my ball rolls off screen.. Then doesnt let me pot my remaining 8 ball to win... Refund money or something please miniclip I have screenshot I can email aswell. Please help
I lost my money right now Few mintuse ago in my fb account hase total 5 lakh coin nd now start the game there is only 75 coins only..as fast as give my coins another way I will do something else
Something isn't right man Something isn't right..played someone and the next thing I know was their turn when before I even finished mine. He missed his shot and then it was his turn again ...skipped my turn ..what the lost too many games like this..another thing it just says out of time out of no where when my time just started. .what the.. has the opponent got cheats to the game or the games effd up..fix now please w
Lost 100k Just lost in toronto... while playing, opponent won da game by hitting da 8 ball in while he has few more balls to go... wth...
8 Ball Pool Timer cheats constantly against you, as well as the shooting. When I added it to my tablet as well, it stole 3,000 gold coins from my account. You decide. I believe most of the players are game generated players. Too exact shooting....
Great game but I am changing my rating because when i spin my daily spin and win big then the coins dont get added to my coins it happened more than once now fix this bug and then i will change my rating again
SO BOOOOOOOOTTTTTTYYYYYYYYY THIS GAME MAKES ME RAGE I WANT TO THROW THE DEVOLOPERS OF THIS GAME OFF A CLIFF.THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE BECAUSE IF YOU MAKE ON BALL IN, YOU PROBABLY MAKE ALL THE OTHERS. THIS GAME NEEDS TO BE MADE HARDER TO PLAY AND MORE REALISTIC.
Missing coins I have over 56,000 coins one morning. Then that night 52,000 went missing. Ya great game it just throws coins away
Bug fixes and performance improvements amazing work guys. while im still playing all the sudden I find myself have lost the game and kicked out , dont tell me that its my internet connection fault,  coz it doesnt even say connection is slow
Am pissd This used to be so fun now its just annoying 1st it keeps connecting for hours and this tips that no one asks for come up and people cheat, coins go missing, its just messed up now please fix this
Wtf is this I got first warning cuz my account was flaged I didn't do any thing wrong or use cheats then y the hell will I block
Rigged. Don't try and tell me otherwise. Entirely to dam obvious. Played pool for over 40 years,I know one when I see it. Cool game,but,,,,,,,
Game keeps glitching While I do like the game.......   it keeps glitching in the tournaments and I end up losing.  3 times just today.  WTF.  I was playing and winning, then it went back to the main tournament screen and said I lost to a different player than who I was playing.   That was the last of my coins, and I'm sure as hell not going to buy anymore coins just so they can take them again.  Come on programmers. Get it fixxed
