Seems like a fun game. But it keeps crashing, without the crash report option even popping up. While I'm playing the game just minimizes itself randomly and makes me reload the game. I have a really good WiFi connection so I know its not that.
Don't waste your time Takes forever to update on the game moan moan moan moan moan moan moan moan moan moan moan moan
Wtf Won't work it starts loading and bam it closes its stupid f this bs
what's new in update please post the game is fun but it has hiccups say for instance if playing Pandora and this game it forces Pandora closed same with Spotify and this game crashes also in most cases at the same time or just by itself if it feels like it I'd be willing to go 4 if it didn't shut my music app down but 5  it all needs to work right. oh yeah and that illegal program thing at loading is a joke
Illegal Program Detected... Again I remember when you guys had this problem But here it is again...Nexus 5 Marshmallow.... Told me to download again because it was fixed but still isn't. GG.
This game sucks don't install this game it's a waste of your time
Illegal Program  crash Can't play on my new phone.  When boots says illegal program detected and then shuts down.  Device  Nexus 5X.  Android 6.0
its g00d BUT IT KEEPS CRASHING PLEAZS UPDATE THIS BUG
Update Since latest Android update,it will not load Keeps sayingillegal program detected then it force closes This needs sorting out....
Not cool Starts to load then kicks me out deleting
Can't even try playing it. Halfway through loading it says illegal program and FCs. Well my phone is rooted and it's going to stay that way, so yeah, 1
Great Game, but can't play on Androids This game is flawless and normally I wouldn't complain, but you can't seem to play it on android and since my WiFi is gone I can't play it on tablet either. Would recommend but I can't tell if its good anymore.
I Find The LACK OF COMPATIBILITY Annoying... What in the lost galaxy is going on here I just downloaded the game via Play Store to my Samsung Galaxy Rush running Android 4.1.2 the other day, and so far the game has been completely UNPLAYABLE It sits through the first loading screen, but when the title screen comes up, the game either immediately crashes or loads up around 1520 and THEN crashes Don't you people bother to test these things to see wtf they ACTUALLY WORK ON Waste of time...
Ilegal program The game is very good and it was working fantastic, but my phoneNexus 5 updated to 6.0 Marshmallow. After that, It won't load the game because it says Ilegal program. Wish there was some kind of update, or something similar, that would allow me to keep playing and enjoying the awesome game. I'll change my rating when it is fixed. 
Good but has zome problems I would not normally say anything but every time I logged in It would send me back to the home page right away it gets really annoying tried 10 diffrent times so I have to give it bad becuz imdid  not really got to play much sence it kept sending me back sorry
Hmmm I can't play this on my nexus 7 keeps telling me illegal program directed.
Installed then kicked out.... That was bullcrap I'm never installing a ZQ game again
Stupid I have contacted you customer support which was no help at all. Both my tablet and my phone meet the requirement's for the game and they still force close. INSTEAD OF FIXING THINGS THAT DON'T NEED FIXING WHY DON'T YOU FIX THE REAL ISSUE
