Fraud Downloading 2 stars just because I like the game, you show initial download around 42mb, after that there is additional download of around 62mb which is necessary, post that there is some more download happening where the download size is not mentioned, if there are so many downloads which why has to take place then why don't you show the download size together.
No longer works Since latest update it crashes on the Universal Studios page and says unfortunately minions has stopped working. Happens every time. Played for over a year so disappointed. My daughter is too as she loves watching me play and was just starting to get used to the controls herself. Oh well, it will free up a lot of space on my tablet.... I decided to wait until next update just in case. Still will not load up so will be uninstalling it now.
unable complete download i love this game before. never encounter any trouble before. first time unable complete download since keep on pop out 'problem encountered and couldn't complete download'
Fix this problem I used to love this game now since updated all it does is download or say no internet connection I hate it now
Frustrated Ever since it did an update, all it does it crash. I used to love this game and now I am very annoyed. Please fix this
Sucks When I downloading additional content it download only 70 to 80 then it shows no internet connection available though I have an active and working internet connection....not only my android this problem happend in my windows laptop toofix this prob
Hated and loved Cool and dum game as soon as I get it won't go to the levels
FCK u There r no updates .and its saying update to new version and I can't remove the option I can't play the game plz fix that fcking problem
Love this game haven't been able to play No matter where I go, no matter how strong my Internet connection this game tells me I don't have one. I haven't been able to play literally since early 2014.
No Internet connection I'm giving it 1 lousy star cause it keeps saying that I don't have Internet connection eventhough I've tried wifi and my LTE. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it 3 times. All my other games that requires Internet connection works perfectly fine. So yeah, I hate it.
I would give 5 stars. I never had a problem with this game until now. I just updated and now all my progress has be deleted. What is up with that Please fix and then I will give 5 stars. I have been addicted to this game since it first came out.  It would be much appreciated if you fixed it and brought back everything I had.
