CSR, please help After the GTA spano event finnish,i cant collect my rewards It lagged for 1 hour and i tried to restart my device,it was thee same Pls help and ill rate 5 stars
Lost over 1500 coins in more than half of them I paid for and I can't get you guys to do anything about it not happy probably won't play the game now I didn't just throw my money away
Freemium Ruined Gaming Now, its no longer fun. Its just another job and stress, constantly worrying about paying for stuff, what to buy, when to buy it. I already do that, its called life and this is supposed to be an escape. Charge me for the app then get the F out of my face you panhandlers.
Lost most of the highly valued cars....HATE THE NEW UPDATE I lost most of the top end carsMcLaren 650s which I used to defeat Hughie and my McLaren F1 and evora,vantage and many more...I lost the counthow is this possible...plzz get it fixed right away...I have. To complete the international
Uuuuug I was working my but of but NOOOOOOO They desicded to stop giving my cash so im like missing 16000 bucks pleez fix it I love the game and when I was competing in the national thing I only had 1 race left and then it froze up and I lost my entire strike and I would have gave this full stars but pleeeeez fix this or il uninstall it
What is this Why max speed of SLS AMG GT3 is 183 mph How does it possible It's useless, it's stupid, I can't play at all.....
csr racijg it ,add my money disappear and I had like 200 thousand dollars I will five star if you get my money back
After this new update I still can't watch movie's for extra gas. I thought it would be fixed by now please fix this problem
It's ok Please fix your bugs you guys took 3000 rp points off me while I have been racing which makes no sense ur supposed to give me rp if I'm winning not taking here I am wasting my time on this game for nothing
CSR Racing The cars are good, but the upgrades are too expensive, the Multiplayer season reward cars are stock and that is lame, and the whole gas refill thing is just plain annoying and stupid.
Banned This game is great but I got banned from multiplayer for no reason. I just started play from start in last week. Around 50k I earned and gain 10 level. But problem with ad too, because when everytime you complete the race and ad would pop up and freeze app and I have to force stop. I have consider to buy ingame app. Nope its rip off. I wouldn't even recommend to buy any stuff in this because I get banned from multiplayer. Would be suck if you got banned from multiplayer.
