Not good There is no Lotto facilities and you can't see what you are doing.  The airtime cell number window is so tiny one can hardly type in it.  Change urgently required
Needs work Cannot see window to put amount in when wanting to transfer money between accounts.  I prefer the online layout.
Just promotions 12 the screen is used by FNB to show more recommendation. This means you can't see anything in the bit that remains. Really bad. 0 rating. Worst app ever as it simply cannot be used.
Unuseable Content appears on top of each other and is illegible. Was promised by the FNB app development department the app would be updated over six months ago...  Looks like the app update hasn't been budgeted for this financial year.  Uninstalling...
Update long overdue When are you guys updating this app. I truly think its long overdue. The app is extremely inconsistent and buggy and it has been like this for some time now.
Discriptions are incomplete One can easly make unnecessary payments because most wordsphrases are not complete,as if there is not enough space eg when buying airtime.It is annoying and I consistently have to double check so I don't make a mistake.
Forgotten app This app is not kept current with the latest versions of FNB app for phones. Please consider updating or combining apps
Outdated and useless Please update i cant even add my benefi iaries no matter what. Very disappointing
Less AddSelling focus Soooo much of the screen is taken up  by the Fnb Reccomends bar at the top, makes you wonder what the real purpose of the app is. The phone app is cleaner and better to use.
Can't read account names Using Samsung Note 10.1 and I  can't read the accounts in the top bar. Please FNB fix this
Great but I wonder if they even read the comments The app is a bit outdated and the last update came out a year ago. Maybe time to update
Due for update App was updated more than a year ago. Experience is inconsistent and not in line with latest Android guidelines.
No Quit button I cannot find the button to close the app and have to force close it on my tablet. Phone version has button though
Tablet app This is a rather horrific experience. No good at all. I am sure you can do better. The cellphone app is very nice.
Doesn't work  FNB can't fix it Many functions of the FNB tablet app for business banking don't work and FNB are not helpful to resolve the issues. They're staff are clueless. All they say is someone will call me back and no one does.  I guess I'm going to use standard bank instead.
Couldn't get it Installed on my Samsung s3 mini it says insufficient space when I have 16gb and 8gb memory card in
Sell Mok Its too compact u cant see what u doing, when trying to tranfer money there is no window where u can punch the amount. Please help or i have to uninstall the app.
Can't view the banking screens I cannot see anything on the screen This sucks And there are so many windows with scrollbars that you can't get to the actual  let's see what we are paying  screen. Call me paranoid but i would like to check what is going on before i transfer money. Oh wait... you can't  Bloody useless and stupid app.
Not so great Not sure if its my tablet or what but this is quite underwhelming. Too many flashy graphics making the app slow, also, appears in my notification pane as online even when I'm not. Design and all is great though...
Amount field not reflecting on interaccounts transfers The amount field does not appear when doing inter accounts transfers. The cell phone field is barely visible when loading airtime. I'm using samsung tab 3.
FNB App for tablet just looks nice but lacks many features found on the one for smartphones. Cannot play lotto on this one, cannot use the app phone, cannot view my other share accounts except the default one. FNB App for smartphones does not work on tablets.  Very disappointed.
Wont work on my Tab 4 Very frustrating... didn't recognise my user id for linking to my online banking.... The mobile app is superb thou
