There's a bug... When swyping, I type the letter I but the app highlights and changes it to the letter U and vice versa. It's been doing this for a long time. It's starting to become annoying as hell. Does anyone experience this
No fixing. Chinese traditional Hong Kong keyboard has a bug. Wherever I click to see more choices of words, the page went blank, I can't see the words. Please fix it. After weeks, the bug is still not fixed.
Stop using because of no number row at the top Actually paid for this app and decided to stop using it because there is no number row at the top and it makes for such a hassle when typing. The swipe feature is far and above any others out there so it saddens me to not use it.
Fix the color scheme for Japanese... The 6.0 fix screwed up the color scheme for Japanese keyboard.  When selecting the conversions the list view is not visible due to the color scheme. Makes the keyboard pretty annoying to use.  Also why is the language selection after long holding the space bar magenta... Please fix
getting terrible with each update where is the feature that allowed for clipboard preview previously I could see my chipboard and select a particular saved item on the clipboard but not anymore...i can only access the clipboard when I switch to the default Samsung keyboard, it seems it's no longer coming back
No numerics no question mark, no  on main keyboard. Long time ago we ask for numeric keyboard on top. Swype don't care 1 star for them. Going to swift keyboard they put it long time ago.
Sort of lags occasionally This is a great keyboard  functional, looks great. But one thing bugs me every so often it will lag whenever it opens, which is really frustrating. Most third party keyboards do this, but with swype it remains unresponsive for a few seconds. Considering I paid for this, and that Google or Samsung keyboards are almost as great but never lag, I'd probably not recommend swype.
I wanted to love it but... It's so incredibly laggy that it was making me question my touch screen sensitivity.  Tried resetting the settings and dictionary a few times to no avail, but once I switched back to the Samsung keyboard the slowness and freezing instantly resolved.  I'm disappointed because I did love Swype and its features, but I'd rather have a responsive keyboard that doesn't slow me down.
Locks up phone when switching keyboard lanuages Very buggy on Galaxy Note5.  Can't import my words.  Update Android system alerts me to uninstall this app
Slloowwww and lame UI Been using Swype for years, swipe accuracy is the best, predictions average, but lag time and usage in new version is painfully slow Plus,  the UI  layout is lame and outdated and themes suck. Fix the performance, PLEASE Also need better  keypad layout, like Swiftkey or Touchpad. Will check back.
