No LOG IN for Credit Card Customers There is no log in option for CREDIT CARD customers. Even the notification shown by this app is copied from the message itself, which is stupid. If one doesn't gets text notification, then this app is of no use.
Not able to connect to the app When trying to connect to the app it is saying to check the network services under setting tab, all other app are working fine called the HDFC customer care but without even knowing the issues ask to check with the network operator.
Updates are too Frequent After every few days u come up with an update  the reason is bug fixes. Why u people don't fix up all issues and come up with a proper version. Updates should not be so frequent. The app development team is not sure what they are offering and hence coming up with upgrades.
Non  working with 5.0 lollipop Android.... A great joke by hdfc This app is only like a joke by HDFC for Android users. Noncompatible with micromax juice 2
Add Biller  Not working Hi There, I have tried many times to add Biller for my postpaid number. There is problem with mobile number  column as it only recognise 9871xxxxxx format only. My number starts with 8800xxxxxx for which it is giving an error that I should enter the correct 10 digit mobile number.. plz fix it..
Not working While starting tha app it's showing connection to the server not available. Tried a lot,uninstalled again installed still problem not solved.
Really upset using the app App was working good before but now app break down every time while doing recharge and immediately before pressing the confirm button. It shows the message Unfortunately,The app has stopped 
Its sucking... alwaz begs for the new update and hold the transactions until u dont update it . Better to use mobile site
I wish to give 5 stars but i can not transfer money to other bank that's why it is useless for me.
Please add the feature of ADDING A BENEFICIARY. It is difficult to again login IN PC and add in spite of having the app. Please look into the matter.
Not so good We must only need to enter password not that ID Everytime we login. Do update and make its easy n user friendly to use
Bad service All  over service bad. I open Account 9 nov 2015 But still no information about my status account open or not. Customer service also bad. I try number many time but always take time 10mint then call cut. i am very disapointed .
Interface is old and non working some times I can't transfer funds to other bank accounts. It says application transaction not allowed. Do I need to set more permissions on net banking or what I don't know...
IMPS problem This app sucks. Whenever i try to make fund transfer through imps it hangs.  Busy circle symbol appears on the screen..trying to connect...it keeps on revolving... Until you loose your temper  your nerves get burst...fing torture app. Learn something from icici
No proper validation In third party neft transfer, by default first beneficiary is selected. 'Select' option should be there. It should alert to select the beneficiary.
FIX IT Unable to login and even performance of app has gone from 4 to 0
