Mobile sync is a joke Android app needs serious tweaking as upload takes 10 times longer than through web interface. Moreover it's not possible to transfer files larger than 100MB as it always fails at around 25 for no reason. I've just performed a test and a 400MB file which failed to upload after 30min using app, uploaded in less than 4mins via web interface both attempts have been made on the same android device and connection. Owncloud is great, but I'm begging you  please fix the app
Limited ability to sync between device and OwnCloud. Can not select folders to sync, only pics or movies. These devices are not toys.  Doesn't provide for use of SD card storage, requiring manual file moves to SD card after download. Sort of defeats the purpose of the app.  Highly likely just a port of an iOS app to android without understanding how android works.
Uploading videos from the camera automatically doesn't work properly when they are too big. Which is normally the case. Please fix this.
Limited It is kind of limited. InstantUpload should handle better failed uploads i.e. retry them. Ability to sync whole dirs would be nice.
Ack, they tricked me I think somewhere that it is very apparent should be the phrase  not compatible with windows so people don't buy this with the misconception that they can run a home server on windows.  Butitisn't.  Making this purchase useless. ..
Can't authenticate account Even without ssl, will not work for me at all. Battled for ages. Given up.
Did work until I upgraded my server to 8.2, able to connect to server but insta crashes when trying to open a folder. Nexus 6 on Android 6.0
No service for paid app Trying to get basic service is no good while it's a paid app Also it's difficult to set it up correctly.
Only good access When you really need a file it works. But this app is NOT FOR DAILY USE Al files are directly downloaded instead of having a choice what to do. All files are downloaded on mobile and no choice to move the owncloud folder to sdcard. Can't remove files from mobile from whithin client. Really dissapointed
Still Broken Doesn't work with directories that have a largeish number of filesfolders. Save your money and stick to the web interface which actually works.
Broken Gives an unknown error has occurred trying to log in. Payed good money for this only to be broken after the latest upgrade.
Awful Regret paying for this trash. Works perfectly on iOS and my desktop synbc clients but this version won't even establish a connection. Typical owncloud, just blatant bugs everywhere to the point of absurdity.
