Can't install on my new Nexus 5X with Marshmallow, and I can't imagine why. Did you guys set a maximum SDK version in the app manifest or something There's almost never a good reason to do that...
Doesnt work for depositing checks anymore Had 5 stars a year ago. 1 reason i want app is for depositing checks. Clicking on the photo buttons within app elicits no response anymore
Frustrating Can't log in constantly says can't confirm my identity. I use to love this app new update is terrible. Calling wells Fargo only helps for 12 hrs.then I'm back to where I started.uuuhhhgg
Never lets me log in It used to be an okay app, though I could never get the mobile check deposit function to work properly.  Now I can't even log in, to see my account balance.  Maybe Wachovia should have bought out Wells Fargo.....  Not the other way, maybe then I would still have a good bank.
Does not work I recently closed my Bank of America account and opened  a Wells Fargo account. I downloaded this in hopes of checking my account on my mobile device. I've uninstalled and reinstalled the app. It simply does not allow me to log in.  I'm using a Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
Updated, pics lost in picture folder, and slow running app now when it does open. Has turned solid black when open app so once again deleted it and downloading again.
Useless App This app was working awesome before now it wants to confirm my identity everytime I log in I did it and now I can't even log in on mobile anymore it keeps telling me to call..fix it please.
Trouble with Log In I love the App as a whole, but the fact that I nor myself can't login  when I do I have to authenticate myself. Which I did do, by sending a text confirmation code I never received Its ridiculous that I am not able to utilize my account without having to provide who I am is a must.
Frustrating I have used this app for a couple years, since its inception It works on all of my other 8 phones just fine But, for some reason, It won't work on my Samsung S2 Skyrocket I727 It's currently running Liquid Smooth KitKat 4.4.2 But, that shouldn't  matter, because the other phones are running custom roms, too Please fix it
Worst bank, ever crappier APP Doesn't actually show you your correct account balance, transactions regress in time after posting days after. Customer service who knows their appbank sucks so badly they always suggest u keep a ledger or a checkbook to balance your account cuz they don't even know how or when uve spent money. Top it off, they don't reverse fees they assess after informing u the NEXT DAY you're overdrawn. Fix it day of or be fined. Closing my account tomorrow
Can't log in Half the time I can't even log into the app. You click sign in and nothing happens. Been going on forever. Terrible.
Great app Great app, quick to convenience. Only issue is when I transfer money from checking to savings or to a credit card for payments, it won't let me enter my numbers without deleting them after inputting them. Needs to be fixed
Major malfunction Whenever I go to pay my credit card billalso a wells Fargo card It won't let me type in more than one digit. It simply auto erases. I would like to be able to pay more than the minimum and less than the outstanding, but it won't let me. It worked for my iphone, but when I switched over to my Samsung galaxy it doesn't work.
Can't log in anymore I love this app, when it works. I have not been able to log in for the last couple of months, I keep getting an error message about no network connection when every other app I have connects just fine.  Please fix this issue, I miss being able to use this.
It's okay I love using the app however there are a couple of changes that could be made1 is the ability to change the text size and real time notification when there is acticity on your axcount.  That could be done either through text message or directly through the app. Those two changes would definitely make this a five star app. Samsung galaxy s6.
Screw your stupid authentication Worked fine, then a few days ago it started asking me to verify my identity. I go through the process, and never get the stupid code. Uninstalling.
Can't read checks. Feature to deposit checks by photo is unreliable. Can't read almost any handwritten and even fails on some machineprinted checks. An unreliable feature is, well, useless. Typical software writer doublespeak to blame the user. Error message says amounts do not match rather than this software is not good enough to read your check. Avoid this feature have a pleasant visit with the teller at you local branch.
Mytouch 4g Can't even log in anymore. Used to love this app but now it's useless. Please fix it. Time to uninstall
Annoyed I cannot make a payment when using the transfer and WF payments. I try and put in an amount under other, but it erases my input. The main reason I downloaded this app was to pay bills Please fix
Cmon WF So many things wrong Keeps crashing often, you can't deposit checks, pay credit cards, etc. Bank of America's app is WAY way better. Try keeping up
Please make it work al the time I downloaded and re downloaded this app 4 times onto my Samsung Galaxy S4.  It only works one time then I have to call WF to reset it. They ask 4 questions, reset it and it works for about 12 hours and bam I have to call again.  I'm going to leave it on my cell in hopes they will update it to a working condition.
Utter garbage Unreliable app, mobile deposit function is extremely frustrating. Also WF is invested in private prisons, take your business elsewhere, I will be asap.
Used this app for a couple years with no issue. Recent update asks me to verify identity every time I log in. I do not need to answer background verification questions every time I want to check a balance. Uninstalling. Do yourself a favor and just use their mobile site. Much easier.
USE TO BE ABLE TO LOG IN NOW IT WILL NOT LET ME LOGIN ALL IT DOES IS ALLOWS ME TO LOG IN  GOES TO LOADING AND THAT'S ALL IT DOES WON'T LET YOU GO ANY PLACE NOW THEY NEED TO FIX IT 
Features request I need to be able to screenshot so i can show my electric company that I paid them when they try to double charge me. Needs fingerprint sign in and samsung pay support
It's broken for security reasons Now app features two step security, but it fails to send the text message code So now I pretty much can't use the app at all.....
Garbage A buggy piece of software that has had various problems on my Note 2 and 4. Raid can't kill this infestation. An amazingly crappy piece of software from the Too Big To Fail group. Horrible.
JOKE when I try to login I feel like I'm playing a child's game with my money. very frustrating need to fix it. Not happy at all
Sign in button does not work Nothing happens when I press the sign in button. All other buttons on the app home page work, but useless since I can't access my account. Please fix this issue.
