Screen capture button Is there any screen cap button  Coz i can't find it and it's my main reason why I've downloaded this for me to have an easy access in screen capturing  pressing the power and home button is much too work
Much to work Hi team, one of d point I want to share with u that when I clean up d phone this automatically disappear d icon of easy touch, and I have a habit of cleaning phone before I put it rest, so that is unuse of ur app for me, d icon must b there when cleaning, I don't understand why disappear, otherwise good BT still now not, I have uninstall as of no use. Kindly work it.
It's a virus once you install in your mobile ..u can't delete it  The message appears that this App can't be removed don't download it   Be aware
UNUSED 4EVER I can't deactivate this app to uninstall. And I've followed E's guideline System SettinggtSecuritygtDevice AdministrationgtEasy TouchgtCancel, and still the whole process are just pointless. If you installed this, it'll stuck forever in your phone's system. And as for me, unused forever.
Liked the shortcuts but its just slow, not smooth My system preinstalled theme works faster, so y wud i use if it doesnt open menus much smoothly
Drains battery and cannot be uninstalled I have read some comments regarding the same problem about the app and I try to do their instruction on their replies. This app runs as a device administrator and I tried deactivating it but it wont. So basically, it will not allow you to uninstall the app.
Worst app When we will try to delete this it will not get deleted actually I didn't want to give one star also. Third class appppppppp thulu
The worst app I have seen till date. It drained my 100 battery in just 5 hrs while it was used to work for 12 13 hrs.
everything is good but the screen lock my phone is rooted when i press the lock screen button, it didnt happen everything can pls help to fix
PLEASE HELP ME Can someone please tell me how to uninstall this app.  It was good at first but then it deleted for me my language keyboard and Nowak can't write in any language except for English.
Won't uninstall .. just a trashy app , I prefer iPhone's button instead of just installing this 
