Irritation I don't like how Microsoft  always dictates. Why this irritating reminder, Dont miss out,  download your bla bla from google play store. I know they are there of course. The reminder should have an option, not to show every time.
Not what it says on the tin A waste of time pretend version. Should have same functionality as the full office 365 apps. I've gone back to using OfficeSuite Pro which works on my Galaxy Note 3 without any sign in and enough functionality on the go. The Apple version does have proper functions so why do we get this rubbish The world is going Android except the droids at Microsoft.
Need to be able to Rotate the screen. The app itself is okay from previous experience but I think they need to allow it to be rotated because I can't get passed the first section where it says to download the other apps because the 'X' is in the top right corner and my screen is cracked there and doesn't work in that area.
I'm tired of the splash screen. I have left reviews and emailed support requesting that you remove the annoying splash screen suggesting that I download and purchase the app. Please, I use this so often and its very frustrating to have to dismiss this page every use.
Requires Lite storage consistent compatibility remove the primary message user optional
My rating is ZERO 0 Third class App, don't waste your time and data to download this app.
I can't save files to SD card. Please solve this problem
Sucks Can't continue to use the app before u signed in to the Microsoft account. Very disappointing.
Get a Windows phone instead WPS is much better than this ms office
Microsoft can do better It works, it stops, it opens files, then it doesn't. Ahhhhhhhhh. Do a better job of programming.
This app sucks I can't even sign in it says error every time
Bullshit Uninstalling it.. Need to download word,excel.. Separately... No meaning...
It's not work
Hell with this..even after installing it asks for an other....
Uninstalled Can't move to SD. Eats a lot of internal memory.
Can't save to sd I don't want to use the cloud.
Not compatible with Samsung tablet,  I hate you
Doesn't have print option. 
Didn't  get past the first screen.  Sign in to office Why
App file size misleading After downloading the app again it downloads the same file size again when installing... Data usage for users is doubled and misleading. Why downloading is happening during installation...
Poor I can't sign in or sign up
