Login Detail Silly Update. Unlike other Apps, this one removes your previous login detail which you are forced to reload again.
Can't log into new app App upgraded, now I can no longer sign into new with id and card number, keeps saying system unavailable...
This app is useless right now Had the app for a while it worked fine then stopped working. I deleted it and installed it again weeks late hoping it will work. But still crashes. When is this going to be fixed
Disappointed Love the new look of the app but I am no longer able to view or manage my Woolworths personal loan on the updated app 
What did you do The app doesn't look like your screen shots there. It doesn't have that bar at the bottom, can't access my account details etc  so pointless now
Logic not so logical Your users would not typically  know their account number off by heart, so why request them to enter it on each login They may as well just browse to the website for the same.  This should be added in app settings  user should authenticate with pinpassword.
App doesn't work after update App doesn't allow me to log in after update was done. Continously says system unavailable. Pointless having a financial app if you can't use it
App just stopped working Used to work fine now it doesn't and Woolworths customer services were of no use in assisting whatsoever. Very disappointing customer service
Doesn't work Just downloaded the app , and you can't even login, app just shuts down
It sucks Who the hell knows his account number by head What are you trying to proove here The old one was supper and stress free with logging in...
Sucks with bold letters I had it in my Samsung tab but it just stopped functioning. I uninstalled and installed it but I just wasted my data because it still does the same thing. I installed it in my Huawei and still don't want to open  it makes me sick
Not the best You cant see what your balance or instalment is on on your woolworths store card
Terrible Downloaded the app and from the very first time it didn't work.... And still not working
Keeps crashing I have just downloaded the app and when logging in for the first time, it keeps crashing.
New version is useless This new version is useless. Can no longer view my balance and purchase history. What's the use of this app then Uninstalling it
How to get the older version back please. Is there any possibility of getting the first version
Always offline Can't log in on this new app, and have deleted it, just wasting my space.
Says logging in, but then goes out of the app. Doesn't seem to work
Needs immediate fix. Fetches account information, then stops working  crashes.
Can't log in as my correct account number and ID don't match according to the app.
Hates it Can't log in. System  is always unavailable
This is not working Bring back the old version please
Voucher codes don't show Terrible app very buggy
