All hp plug in apps It worked just fine last month I could print from my Samsung Galaxy tablet untill last week it stopped working. I need a working app for my hp officejet 6500 asap.
Scan function not. Waste of time. Silly app using this app for Laserjet pro MFP M127fn and installed on galaxy S5 lolipop. Its printing function is working fine but still SCAN option never works on any Android device on which i installed this app
WTF Now I can't do ANYTHING anymore. Why fix something that wasn't broke. Useless. Back to my Epson scanner. Shame on you HP
App is fine but not printer itself App is working fine but what's the use when my printer doesn't. I hate this printer. This is my first own printer HP DESKJET 2540 and this is worst. It costs me dearly instead of being cheap as compared to market which was my concerned to buy it. And printing is poor. For pdf it creates shadow and make the document unreadable. I can print only 200pgs while the estimate is given 400 pgs. Very poor performance. I will never buy HP product again.
Possible Malware My AVG Antivirus app is showing a message that HPAllinOne is malware and recommends that Uninstall it. The message comes up everytime I install it. Please try to fix this.
It was excellent, but not anymore. Aweful. It was good. In particular, previous versions even though somewhat lack of functions and user interfaces. This version has a serious problem when you scan multiple pages with custom size. And then save it as pdf. The document has been shrinked and overlapped. The file size was too big. 24 pages pdf was 60MB. Even if I confirmed each page before saving it. It was aweful. I prefer the old version. HP, you could do it better. Fix it immediately. Thanks.
Why i can't find my HP printer  So frustating.. i can't even find my printer.. already try all things that i can do... still nothing happened..
It worked ONCE... ...and promptly after getting a single print job out of my HP Photosmart c4795, the printer no longer communicates at all, wired or wireless it seems to have killed my printer
Out of paper error message error The app finds my HP Envy 5544 printer ok but can't print from my Samsung Galaxy S4 phone as it continually sees an 'out of paper' status error message, even though it is not out of paper I can print wirelessly from my laptop, so the printer is correctly installed. Please fix this erroneous status error Thanks.
Sucks HP EPrinter Brilliant, this app opens, then does not recognise printer, then tells me my printer is in bloody FRANCE, get a grip HP.
Not working on phone since last update. On samsung s 4 and s5. Was working great on both until update. Won't send to printer at all
Not enough options on print settings This app doesn't allow me to print multiple PowerPoint slides per page, thus it is useless to me.
