Bugs
Fix this the foreground keep erroring or missing, when i start to masking.
Image wont load. Im trying to load images on the app and i cant. Give me an message saying unable to load image. Before i did.. Dame image too. Fix
Upset It doesn't work like it does on my iphone. I take text posts and put them on a background and when I try to get rid of the white around the text posts and then filter it, it doesn't let me and there also isn't an invert colors button like there is on the iphone. Please fix.
Everytime i try to use it i get a mesaage saying superimpose has stopped, and to send an error report
Worth nothing rubbish its better on iPhone and this is not worth my money or time ffs
Refunds Can I get a Refund this app sucks, please help
Not like on Apple device The Android version isn't as good as the version for iPhones. Fix this
Wtf This is the worst app ever. I have this on my iPod  it works fine, but on my samsung it doesn't The pics become overly pixelated,  sometimes it takes the back ground away Please fix
MAD Please fix this. About a while ago, it works perfectly fine. But then now, when i pick a background or foreground it says 'unable to load photo' i uninstalled it and installed it again. Please fix bc i dont wanna waste my money for sht.
Um... So, when I first opened the app, there was no directions or anything, which was confusing. The app is not at all worth the money...
It USED to be better I've had this app for several months... it used to be 4 's a few glitches, but for the past couple of months it has become utterly useless. It only saves black screens, it pixelates blue in the bright spots and does not go away, it washes over with a big blurred gray or beige color,.... etc. It seems that the developers don't bother reading any of the reviews because these problems are rampant with no fixes in any updates.
KEEPS CRASHING AS IM EDITING the app crashes every five minutes as I'm editing  and when it crashes I can't go back to what I was editing  this is so stupid annoying  if you're going to make a good app , make it good , especially if you're making people pay for the app  fix this asap and maybe my ranking will go up 
Where's the editing tool I downloaded this on the recommendation of my editing friend, he makes amazing pics using this app on his iPhone, I was asking about it and he was showing me how he does it and mid way through we figured out you completely neglected to add the best part of the whole app which is the editing tool Add it and this review will be a quick 5 stars bit until then, I'm not impressed.
Still doesn't work This app would be amazing if it didn't crash every two seconds and horribly pixelate the image. I spend so much time on edits just to have these awful rainbow lines on it. Every time I try to savemerge, it crashes. I spent money to be able to make quality edits, not to have this happen. Fix it.
Works fine on ipod on lg g3 sucks Everytime i go into the last icon to change the contrast and colors it changes both foreground and background into a pixelated ugly mess and will not fully work like pn my ipod. This needs to be fixed asap
Fvckin' app. The worst app ever. DO NOT EVER DOWNLOAD THIS APP for all of you who does not want to spent your money for NOTHING 
Won't work on samsung I had this app on my Ipod and I loved it, was one of the best editing apps I had but when I brought a new Samsung Galaxy phone and downloaded it, it doesn't work the same. All images I load onto the forground are extremely blurry which makes any editing a waste of time. If you could somehow fix this it would be fantastic because I really do love using your app but can't because of the quality of the photos
Keeps crashing on my LG G3 so it's not worth the money. Save your money and buy app that works.
Pixel Pixels become distorted. Checkerboard and when you try to overlap the colors. App was working fine on Apple, but now on samsung it totally blows chunks
Bad I wasted my money on this crap it barely work like it crashes every time I try to save something
KEEPS CRASHING So I'm in the middle of making a decent edit and then the app just crashes and deletes everything I've done. If you pay for an app you don't expect it to delete the stuff YOU'VE payed for. Gave it 2 stars though because the edits you can make are amazing, if it doesn't crash.
