I've no idea why the company made the decision to bundle in a cleaner program into a file manager  if I wanted a cleaner program, I would have installed one. Since the company has chosen not to offer a way to disable it nor had the sense to only let it be enabled, I've cleaned this program from all my devices.  Let me know when a paid version is available without this 'option.'
Homepage C'mon... I've used ES for years as my primary file manager. I was surprised with the latest update that FORCES the homepage window on the user. I never want that as my default window, why are you forcing this on your users I've already switched to another app. Would still love to switch back when you give us back control over the Window situation
Junks found Saw notification, googled to find this app is the source, uninstalled. Lucky I did it seems as there are lots of reports of people losing the contents of their download directory after this 'clean'
Stolen choices means uninstall. I am getting notifications that I need to clean my device and since I cannot see an option to disable the cleanup tool, I am deleting ES File Manager. It is MY DEVICE, so don't steal my choices.
I got a notification to clean my device. I already lost QuickPic to bloat, I don't want to lose ES as well... If this keeps up, I'll just have to sideload an older apk, just like I did with QuickPic. You want money, ask for it, don't turn me into the product.
Unable to access sd card Pls fix the issue as in Lenovo A6000 the first step can not be done in lollipop as those three dotted menu is not present. I did not face any issue with astro file manager as they are showing the sd card in left pane by default.
Galaxy S4   0 stars I've used it for years now I cannot open my files and I got a security thing popping up now and says cannot download data please go back to the old version
Spam Used to be great if not occasionally clunky ui... recently had some issues with windows 7 connectivity so I updated. Big mistake, I'm now seeing the clean notifications that people mention here. I'll give it another few days in case devs decide to back off and correct this approach otherwise I'm deleting this.
Used to be my choice of file explorer.. After some junk files cleanup notification appeared and there was no way to disable it, I had to find another explorer. Sorry ES, unauthorised notification just not my kind of thing.
Was a great app This was a great app, I absolutely loved it. Then suddenly I start getting a notification I have junk files Thanks ES, you just gave me reason to find a new file a manager.
Missing Features 1. I cannot find any way to hide the Cleaner from the Home Page.  2. SD Card Analyst only works on user installed memory card. It does not work on the internal storage.  I am currently looking for a replacement that has LAN Network.
Junk cleanup notification I'll be removing this app if this is not gone by the next update. C'mon. No one wants popups. Uninstalling now. See ya.
Was Excellent Once With the painfully transparent ad feed ES Cleaner this one took a major turn for the worse.
How the mighty have fallen What was once a fantastic file manager is now a bloated, adladen mess. The junks found popup was the final straw. Time to move on to something else.
Best file manager around This app has gone from top to bottom.. It was a necessity on my phone when i first started on android till now, but now all the updates do are adding bloatwares as all people hate. It pains me but i need to uninstall the app
Good app, bad choice by developer Has recently started notifying to clean up space, with a very poor and tacky looking icon with grammatical errors in the notification message. To most users this looks like malware, and will cause a lot of anger towards the developers
Now with spam This app now comes with spam suggesting that there are junk files found that must be cleaned. Do NOT use this option or you will lose your data.
Now junk Notification in poor English about junk files, no in app option to disable. Used to love it back when it was just what it was supposed to be, a file manager. All the unnecessary bloat has made me like it less and less with each unwanted feature.
I have been using ES File Explorer for quite a few years now however I noticed apps being pushed to my device with bloatware.  I have now moved to FX File Explorer. Its much better and you won't be bombarded with ads.  Very disappointing of ES Global
Still is the best file manager App. But Slowly getting bloated and full of unnecessary junk. Make sure you block notifications from Android, and greenify this app.
New cleanup notification must go The files in my Download folder are not necessarily junk. Auto notifying me is not acceptable. Please introduce a function to turn off the junk notifications or I will uninstall.
was great app... ...but now it's mainly a cleaner app with a file explorer being a small part of it. Yes I do understand that these popups are not ads, but nevertheless I don't need my file explorer sneaking in the background counting my files. And NO, the files in my download folder are NOT JUNK. Uninstalling, before a future update begins actually deleting my files without asking.
Was good, not anymore  now installed Used to be the best file explorer. Now they have annoying junks found pop ups which aren't even correct English. Apparently also selling our data to add companies. Promptly uninstalled. Such a waste of a good app.
What's with the spyware Suddenly a previously good app is giving me unwanted notifications in broken English. Has it been hacked
Thats not cool  So you're making paid version in which we can remove homepage You dont take away things that were free for 5 years and make people pay for them. I would be more than happy to buy full version just to support you and be ad free dont rly care about that but not if you do this policy. After 5 years im sadly switching to different explorer. Btw. Xda feels same way, you got featured on front page xd
Spam notifications Even when the app isn't running is displays ads in the notification bar. You just lost a long time user. I have no tolerance for spam. Uninstalled. What a pity.
Junks malware. What is the 'junks'  Never agreed to you installing what could do the same thing as a virus on my phone.
Have used program for years, but recently started having ads and spam pop up in my notification bar ... junks found Recommend to clean.  That crosses the line for me.
Notifications must go Fantastic app  except now the newest version is giving me notifications on cleaning up junk files. I'm assuming this is an oversight. If it's not resolved soon I'll have to bail.
Lenovo K50a40 My device has android lollipop  but i can't do anything on external sd card it say that please give permission.. Wtf My stock file manager can do that....... Please fix my problem......
Ugh So it got ruined with features that weren't needed and forced on us...just create a pay version if you need money...oh, and just be honest about the DOZENS OF IMPROVEMENTS in the what's new square, don't hide it so we can update to spam and adware
Its was excellent, but after last update downgraded itself to OK, but please give us the ability to disable cleaning feature and delete  the cleaning  button from the start pageThis button is very very annoying You are forcing this on people I don't like it and if i use it accidentally,  it will remove more than 1GB of valuable data.Currently i'm using Totsl Commander until this issue fixed
