5 star comic, 1 star app My favorite comic, still I wish I could give less than one star to the app. Since they changed appdev, it's getting worse and worse. Don't fix if it ain't broken old app was no beauty but WORKED, this one makes me want the developer to be a featured character in next depressing comic week. PLEASE get rid of him and start over, it's such a simple app it should be a nobrainer
Broken after update I have an S3 and after the update, if will only show perhaps 30 comics maximum on screen and does not go back further than August 2015. Please fix this
Won't even Start My best friend always rants about Cyanide and Happiness so I figured why not get the app. Directly after installing it I tried using it with very little success,  it won't even open, it is probably my phone but I am still disappointed.
Please make an app that works The app crashes each time I open it. Running most recent OS and update on Nexus 5X, but had issues with the same app on my old iPhone 5. Love the comic and don't mind paying for the app, but I expect it to not crash every time I open it.
This app is garbage I love cyanide and happiness Which is why I hate this app It crashes every time I try and leave the opening screen. I've uninstalled and and reinstalled numerous times and it's only gotten worse with each update. Save your money and just view them on their website.
Keeps Shutting down Ok so I paid money, so after I look at a couple of comics the app shuts down. Plz fix so I can give it 5 starts
we are paying money for this.. at least let us download the comics.. everything on this app is available for free on the Internet.. and the app itself is too simple
Love the comic Comic is excellent, but app is buggy as hell. Frequently crashes when zooming in  rotating. Need to make random mode optional, as slightest knock takes you to a comic from years ago.
Crashes all the time Comics are funny, but when I zoom in or out the app stops running.
Comics are awesome, however the app.. Please do not fix what's not broken and please give us an option to disable shaking for random comics. It's impossible to use it while being in a buscar on a not so smooth road.
Always has problems Half the time the comics won't load. Or only a few will. And the app continously crashes.
Don't waste your money Whenever I enter the app it crashes the moment it enters or the moment I touch a comic. None of the comics load, and, I can't view my favorites. Bullshit app, bullshit developers.
Great comic, bad app I've been using this app for years and it's just been getting worse. It constantly crashes now and won't load old comics. It just needs a major update and it's easily a 5 star app
Comic awesome.  App is Crap. App needs some work.  Can't even use the arrow buttons to change the strips.
Crash Simulator 2016 Crashing... CRASHING. I enjoyed the old version please revert.
Crash on startup Cannot start the app without crashing on my new Nexus 5x.
