App stops loading stocks time and again Apps functionality stops and doesn't show anything on the screen. This happens mainly between 9151030 when the stock market opens. This never happened in the previous versions. Fix it ASAP
Message doesn't update Message posted are controlled by moderators for new members.. This allows them it create negative sentiments in the market for stock  by not allowing to post your msg.... This is applicable are runned for inside trading so guys stay away from this application....
The app is working really slow and specially it gets hangs when u open the currency exchange tab. Need to work more on the proper functioning of the app.
Not up to mark I found it has got some new features but it is taking too much time to process. Sometimes getting hanging.
New Update is not upto the Mark Downloaded the new update today..firstly for all those who use slow connections, don't download this app ever..It will keep on buffering..Though the  new update boost of host new features and innovative ideas ..But dear app devoloper, don't forget when it's stock market, time is money ...My watch list takes time to load..even the normal quote is taking uneccessary time ..and all these problem become more acute in that golden 1 hr period 9.1510.30AM. .
Cannot register It takes too long to fill in the personal details and in my case no indications, wether it has done so.  Willshall be discardinguninstalling it after one more try.
No option to turnoff notifications Every time there is a news update my phone vibrates and alerts me. I don't want it and I have no choice to turn it off. Felt previous version was less intrusive
Need improvement Not able to add stock list in watchlist or to portfolio..  Plz add widget option where wishlist stock price updated in real time
New versio Worthless Earlier version was fantastic. New one just fustrating. Slow,most of the features like portfolie,news,message....does not actually come to screen
The new app update The new app update color combo is sad it should have been like the old app also the app is very slow doesn't load data fast , they have updated it with more data and options that's the only good part but difficult to use due to load time
I hate this new version because it always hangs I am really fed up earlier was good bring that back New version worst
Watchlist does not open Whenever I click on watchlist it hangs. Does not open for indefinite time then it crashes.
Compare to old one is the best. Please restore the old version We are facing the performance issue in the new app. Old is the best. Team please check and provide better performance its loading very slow
From best to worst Previous version was way better than this, this version only has a  new interface which I thought would be great to work with but sadly it is not the car. The new app keeps hanging. I have given it one star but in reality I wish to give out only half a star .
Many issues with app Messages not getting updated on boards, slow, no response to issues being reported. Can add a logout button to main menu.
Get hang Previous version never get hang unlike this version which got stuck most of the time. Developer need to address this issue and get it fixed for 5 star. Other changes made are quite worth and appealing.
Too much heavy app for mobile phones in India Poor update to make the app look cool but The pages takes a lot of time to load even in 3g and most of the time it wont even load it has lost the simplicity it had and the ease of load of pages...
Horrible app After updating when I tried logging into my account, I was denied access. I tried using forgot password feature, it says we don't have this email address in our database. Please note that in spite of such claim I still get mails from them on that same email address. I have tried uninstallingreinstalling several times. I'm totally frustrated with MoneyControl now Looks like they don't want to keep users
moto g..5.1.1 it hangs a lot. old app was very stable. reducing my rating from 5 to 2
New version gone horribly wrong I have been using this app for more than two years now but after the new version, it hangs regularly. While some features in the new version are good, its of no use if the app hangs
New updates crashes Crashes all the time. Page is not loading properly. Not able to see watchlist. Kindly improve.
Bads outweigh goods The ap seemed to b a fantastic improvement over the old 1. But problems r more. Hence only 2 stars.First major problem is that the app hangs v frequently. Or becomes v slow.There is no choice other than to exit. Secondly u cannot share the views comments of the experts over what's app. Thirdly  not very user friendly though that has been made up by lot more info All in all , an OK app but can get 4 stars if they improve on both the problems mentioned above.
