Locked me out I entered my pin but the app kept loading and didn't open. Closed the app, tried a 2nd time... same result. After the third attempt, even though the app never opened I was told I entered my password incorrectly 3 times and my the app is now locked. To gain access, U have to reset my password. An attempt to reset my password leads to a message that says We are currently experiencing problems in processing your request.
Nt really satisfying The application might have some bugs that scam people off their cash at small amounts without them noticing. Companies such as Naedo Dispute Afrimedia,  Naedo Dispute Ngubane and Naedo Dispute Digicash are the 3 transaction names that debit R99 each in my account every month. I don't remember signing up for such debit order because it never happened. I hate it.
Does not work anymore The app used to work just fine until one day when i log in it said its not setup anymore and requires me to redo the setup. Then when i get to the otp part it doesnt go further than that. Then after 10 tries it says you do not have telephone banking profile error.
And it still doesn't work.... Keeps on sending me OTP's but they don't work. Useless app. Also, forget about trying Internet banking because that's down as well... Terrible service... More like more complicated, worse and slower....
Terrible banking app I can no longer purchase electricity through this app technical error. please try again. It often doesn't allow me to log in and I have problems making payments every month. Completely useless and incredibly frustrating app
Irritating Application was working fine,  then all of a sudden now when I enter the app,  I get stuck in a loop setting up my number for the OTP. Once entered the correct OTP, I'm prompted to do so again. I've tried skipping the process,  but then when trying to adjust my monthly EAP limit,  it says OTP is locked. Really frustrating.
App refuses to run Downloaded the app as I recently opened a standard bank account.app shuts down as soon as I enter password for the past one week.
Frequent 'technical problems '. Often have difficulty logging on. Credit Card balance not reflected correctly. Technical problems when trying to affect a transfer. This needs fixing to become stable and reliable.
Disappearing act I downloaded the new version but it changed back to the old version overnight,  couldn't get into that one anymore so had to download new one again. Really confused. Now doesn't work. Been waiting 5 days, still no response from SB.
Cant access. App closes every time I log in. Bad service thus far since I am a new client of standard bank.
Poor I have had to change my pin a number of times because Wrong information now can not assess at all
Cannot transact 'next' button disabled Really frustrating and persistent bug you put in all the payment details, click 'next' and nothing happens. This used to only happen when I try to pay multiple beneficiaries at a time, but now I can't even make one off payments or even create a new beneficiary. Old app wasn't much to look at, but at least it worked ...
Access The last app was way better than this one. Improvement came at a cost. Can't view statements  transactions. Can't access full list of benefitiaries.
Not logging in Used the app, worked fine, until it started asking for an otp, put my number, and says I'm not registered, even though I had been using the same number since I first got it, standard bank has always been giving me problems lately, thinking FNB is the way to go forward
Missy Can you please create a better app than this one. I don't like it at all
Great app why can't I buy electricity anymore I've tried a couple of time and every time technical error.
Samsung S5 After loading the app, you need to set up you accounts. Ok. Why then when the app updates are all my accounts deleted Why do I have to load them all again Not acceptable
Not working for me Failing to create my standard id, it keep on saying email in registered but can't access the service
Not working After the update it doesn't work logs you out before  u can do anything and doesn't allow airtime, data, electricity purchase
Was a good app Ap don't work anymore, can't get past the login screen
Not compatible with myLenovo A1900 Quad Core with Android 4.4.2. I have also logged this with Standard bank. I dont always want to carry my tablet around that has the app on.
Standard Bank mobile app The moment I logged in,  can't pay or transfer funds,  is there something wrong with the Mobile app
Unusable after 1.6.4 update Crashes immediately on any action after logging in. Submitted detailed bug report to appfeedbackstandardbank.co.za on 10 November. Still no response.
Standard bank App This app is not working giving me an error everytime I want to log on. I just changed banks
Elma The app used to work wonderfull but the last few weeks I could only log in, once trying to transact it logs me out. This is very frustrating.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times without any luck. Please help
CAN'T BUY ELECTRICITY It's been 8 weeks and still cannot buy electricity. 5 star when fixed.  Extremely frustrating. I'm in Kenilworth Cape Town
Was a good app In your reply to some reviews it is stated that should one send an email to app support complaining about the now terrible app someone will respond. When  in the hereafter. No contact from anyone even though email sent. Mmnnnn
Worthless app don't use WTF this app does not even work properly. I liked the old one. Are you're programme developers retards
No option for change of account I opened a new account because my previous closed. But now i cannot change my email on this app to my new one. I forgot my password of my previous account and i cant reset that also. This sucks. Keeps telling me error.
Crashing on Samsung S5 Ever since the latest update, I am unable to use the app. It is crashing everytime I view pages. Not happy at all... sent an email to voice this.
