History not reflecting The history for transactions does not show up on the app, and cannot get it to load irrespective of date range.
Can't log in Every time I try log in it says authentication failed, and nothing comes up on my Internet banking about linking it. Don't know what to do
Too Much I might be wrong but i think there are too much functionality in a small cellphone screen. I am saying i might be wrong because it might be comfortable for big screens. But i hate it when i have to scroll up and down just to see wht is happening around me. It looked exactly like desktop internet banking in a small screen and maybe only express version might work nicely.
The app is pretty good but the mentality of the programmers is disgusting. They have zero consideration for people with poor sight. White on light grey, light blue or green or whatever writing on a white background is almost invisible. CONTRAST AND A BOLD BLACK OPTION WILL BE GREAT THANKS
Not always working Every time when I add a new beneficiary, it keeps on saying Auth level error2 If that can be sorted out, I'll give more stars... Also, it doesn't allow you to make internal payments, as it's not 'responding' nie geverifieerdstelsel reageer nie. It's frustrating to have these kind of errors
Functionality limited Response rate is poor, and limited functionality. Everything other than normal banking has to be done in the branch.... It sucks
Useless Authentication failed error,  tried every thing,  go into the bank for help reset password,  uninstal and reinstall,  even the website is crap try to load airtime on my phone from my phone and the website says sorry my phone s ofline while Im online with my phone uninstal again crap get some tips by the FNB app,  way better, After 20 years of loyal client im considering another bank. 0 stars not 1
Erratic The app seems to be somewhat erratic,  especially of late. I tried to add two payment beneficiaries today but eventually gave up, since no matter what I tried I was unable to add a standard landline as a fax number. Eventually I gave up and logged into the website from my phone. Which defies the purpose of the app really....
Not user friendly I'm closing my bass accounts. They just don't seem to take into consideration that older people like my dad can't use the newer interface
Just what you woukd expect from ABSA Difficult to use, very clumsy, unintuitive UI and basically no support from the app designers when trying to register. Capitec, here I come.
So many device permissions Why does absa feel the need to know so many details Why do you need access to the camera, the gps the phone book, the album, I see no reason for this.
Doesn't work Every time I login it ask me for new password and then tells me failure. App sounds like my mother
App is ok ...but why can't I be rooted What about aftermarket keyboards  they can collect as much data as any rooting exploit and your app uses those keyboards quite happily... update your app is claiming that a nonrooted device is rooted Lenovo s6000 with stock 4.2.1. update 2 I absolutely hate when a developer forces me to update for security reasons when the new app is broken in areas where the old one used to work. update 3 cannot add beneficiaries...
Update not working After a year, new phone, new app downloaded same problem can't authenticate, the app sucks, and the ABSA it guy eho replies ask for account nr and personal details
