I am not able to add my contactemail for transferring money from my wallet to friend's wallet. when ever I used to choose select option for mobileemail option then it becomes blank. and showing please provide proper input, please provide the fix ASAP.
Unable to send money to another Paytm account. When trying to send money to my friend's wallet the Paytm Wallet app is showing YOU CAN SEND ONLY UP TO RS 1000 PER DAY. But minimum last one month i didn't do any transaction like sending or receiving money from my wallet. So please help me that I can use Paytm Wallet app properly without such type of problems.
Dumb app i loaded 5000 rs when i transfer to bank account it says your bank exceeds the limit. I am planning to complain RBI of these cheaters not exposing the 4 charge and no customer care no proper intimation just they eat your money in their account fraudtm.....
Can,t transfer money in bank First tell you can try to transfer money in bank I can try so many times transfer but after ifsc code verified he will throughout outside plz update your app and you can also try this
Doesn't Allow  Money Transfer Less  1000.00 Paytm misleading ads  information.Paytm you should also inform customers that MINIMUM 1000 TRANSFER TO BANK. I allowed like Really Cash Back Of Money in Wallet. 
hi, please fix it While I'm logging in Device verify the OTP, not proceeds to next screen may be network issue. so i hit back button my password visible on mail id section. this is worst. may some hack my  account easily, because 1yr before my account stolen by someone and i have recovered some loop hole on paytm. security issues still exists.
Not able to send money Hi, i am not able to send money to bank, its saying down for maintanance. I am gtng this msg since yesterday so can u let me know whats the issue.
i am not able to do Money transfer paytm wallet to bank like when i am trying to add IFSC code it verify successfully then click on continue then redirect again to main page of app so removed my old filled information every time.
Don't know why they cut 4 while transferring money to bank although IMPS or NEFT is free. I don't get any reason why I should ask money from friends on paytm wallet if I have to pay 4 to paytm. I will prefer for NEFT Or IMPS from my SBI Bank..if its a part of procedure then keep it..I don't need your wallet sorry.
Unable to send money I had transferred 2000 before. Now while I am trying to transfer money to some other account it is showing  exceeded maximum limit ....not happy paytm 
This is completely bogus and irritating app as whenever I try to transfer money from paytm wallet to my bank account it's showing the best down due to maintenance again and again. It disappoint me completely. I use first time paytm and so cheap response. Even they are also charging 4 on amount to be transfer which is irrelevant and illogical.
Not able 2 transfer to bank account I am not able 2 trnsfr amount from wallet to bank via this app..it shows error message saying that limit exceeded,but this i am not do any transaction..please help
Am not able to add multiple debit card option..adding first debit carf was proper but not the second one..
Third class frod app This app is the frod one. It shall be abused with great words. I'd got a cashback of 20 rupees. I downloaded paytm. It shifted me to paytm wallet app. This app is telling me that promocode is invalid. Do not download it. Frod app
Worst Customer Care Services are fine but customer care executives are dumb, nonsense and irresponsible. Worst customer care.
Iam not able to transfer money to my bank account.when i was doing transaction it shows you exceed your monthly limit.but iam done single transaction till now.
Did not expect this from paytm Could not able to login at all with valid credentials. Have been trying for login from days
Does not allow money to go out of Paytm Wallet You Guys have rightly justified the.. Name, this app is only accepting money, this does not support transfer of money...
Problems with adding money My account has been deducted but wallet didn't get credited. If this is the experience in first instance, don't want to continue.
Worst app. Don't use it My 2gb Ram phone hangup...  There is no way to send money. Error popups all the way.  Even Idiot develop better app than this.  Shame on you guys.  Delete it from app store...
I hate this app I loaded 5000 rs two time and 3 time uninstaall and again install your app.and till now my frnds not get a money.in this wallet or Ac.
Worst app I have seen in play store Even after the validating otp getting server error. Also I have reinstalled app more than 5times. Also I mailed the screen shot to paytm customercare but There is no response.  If there is a negative rating I will surely give 5 for this worst app.   My ticket no is114453024. I got mail that, plz try again after some time D lolzz... the app is saying same thing nd ur ppl also saying same thing..
Money transfer problem You can only send upto rs 1000 per day. Whenever i am trying to transfer money to my friends wallet it shows like this nd money is not being transferred.
UI n Images UI looks dull n not reaching correctly.. Balance amount to be very big in font to know balance immediately, Why I need to go to menu n see the balance in small font. Keep the balance on default screen top right in good readable font.  Old Wallet statement is good with images.  Easily able to know about the expenses rather than reading text.
The New Upgrade of Paytm App is not helping much, We can't find the option to enter the Bank Details rather we getting option to enter Number and Amount.On Clicking same we are asked to upgrade. If we try sending Website then the App add only pops up everywhere asking us to download
Fraud In spite of correct I'd and password it continuously showing server error Please try again. Don't install anyone. Send mail to PayTm care but just stupid answer that try in better network when I'm already tried 50 times with 4g connection
Very Disappointment with paytm app, i have order 2 products from the app they use your money for 1012 days after that they cancel your order and refund back the amount to the paytm wallet for further use. every time the order gets cancel from paytm side so my query is that if they can't deliver the order to customer, why they place the product on their paytm platform.
Hi I have transfer 5000 Rs in my paytm wallet and the promo balance credited instantly but i want to transfer the amount to my friends account but its showing that You will exceed your monthly limits of sending money. the thing is it also charges 4 for the transaction you do.   Please help  to transfer the fund
Cannot login are you make it for only one account to login I am trying to login with my another number but unable to get the otp on the mobile is this any kind of joke you are playing with otp you are not  a bank so stop this nonsense let make the things easy to use for people otherwise you will be lost..
Not able to send money I tried sending my wallet money to bank account, it either says send 1000 to 5000 or maintenance issues. This must be a gimmick, they do not want customers to send wallet money to bank accounts, cheap trick
Worst Useless wallet....Money does not credit amount to wallet even after debiting from bank account...why u making people fool..Now almost ur image is clearly seen
Crap App I added 2000 Rupees to my account and now when I try to send them in my bank , it shows  transaction Timeout  every single time. What's going on.
Transfer option blank Just like the other person said, I too am facing this issue. I tried reinstall, but still the same. I tried to send feedback, but the app crashes. Btw, why would an update give this blank error. That just means your script is faulty and the update does not get patched properly. I think you need to consult a good coder.
