Majorly disappointed This would be the best app ever if it worked. If I can get it to open it closes after 30 seconds or if it stays open then I can't upload a photo. It's worked twice and I was really impressed. Now I'm just sad 
Don't waste your money. Tried it,  pressing refund now. All it does is slightly change the brightness and sharpness which actually makes the image more grainy. Theres hundreds of free programs here and online that do the same thing actually, a better job at it  for free.
Doesn't work I downloaded this last night and it won't load. The camera doesn't open up and then crashes 
Perfectly slow At least on my Nexus 6 running stock marshmallow 6.0. Slow to load, not responsive, appears to hang the phone. It's just frustrating.
Doesn't do what it says. I really wanted to love this app  especially as I paid for it It has only made photos worse, putting horizontal grainy lines all across each image.  I don't understand why this is happening if it seems to work for other people the 4 star rating suggests it can be good anyway. I'll keep the app for now but only because I hope it gets better and I feel obliged having spent money on it 
Once again, I still can't use my phone's camera shutter key for focus before I take the picture. And since this app is in the Sony's camera suggestion list. It's just funny and too bad that this app is not ready for the xperia Z line yet. Z3 user here and I really wish that I can use the camera shutter key on my xperia Z3 like other cameras did. Able to get to focus on the subjects while half press and then take the picture fully press. Hopefully, your update can make this happen.
Constantly crashes. Useless. Installed app in my Xperia Z5. Worked until just recently. Now is completely useless, can't even open it because it tells me that something went wrong, then freezes. I paid for this app, but I can't use it at all I sent a report to developers, however I haven't got any reply. Uninstalled. Very disappointed.
App crashes every time Perfectly Clear App 4.1.1 crashes immediately on launch when running on my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 under Android OS Version 5.0. Carrier Verizon        App runs on my Samsung tablet successfully.
Broken on LG G4 Worked beautifully on my previous Samsung S4. I switched to an LG G4 and it works for tweaking pictures using the Share feature from the gallery, but when I want to launch the app by itself, it just hangs, doesn't even show the splash screen. Changed to 1 star only because the new update just addresses Samsung Note 4 issues. Fix for LG G4 as well
Don't waste your money This used to be my goto app to edit pictures of all kinds. Now, it won't save the edited pictures. With Samsung S4 and LG G4.
Camera does now work on Samsung S6 S6 has been launched for a year and is one of the most popular devices. Yet the camera does not work on this. How disappointing
Extremely slow on my galaxy s6 Had this app on my galaxy s3 and it would unexpectedly close on me but was fast. Now on my galaxy s6 it doesn't close but is VERY slow to edit and save. That's very disappointing because I love everything else about it
HDR photo save not work on Zenfone 2 ZE551ML.
Crashes like a tank driven by a monkey I have 20 other camera aps on my Z4, this is the only one that does't run.
