Pro issue Bought the pro version, it still looks like the basic version. Can't measure or explode the assembly. Support is slow and unresponsive. Really becoming very irritated paying for the pro version of an app and not receiving the product and crap support
Cannot view any files other than samples The options for importing from email or cloud are grayed out and clicking on them does nothing. Therefore the app is useless as I can only view the samples. Very disappointed.
Purchased pro but it won't load on my new phone. Support unresponsive about my inability to use the pro version I paid for on my new phone.  Gave up and tried to pay for pro again and it won't even let me do that  Bummer.
Only a demo This app is only a demo, which would be fine if the description labeled it as such but it doesn't. I basically paid 2 to look at sample files. Change the description to more accurately describe the product.
Can't open parts from Solidworks 2015, please update
How do i upload a file from my phone to edrawings
Annoyed Can't open my 2016 files
Not full version Its stupid that after paying for the app you have to aditionally purchase pro version just so you could do anything but view parts...cant measure unless extra 8 are paid...
Doesn't work and zero support This app just hangs and you cannot open anything. Went to site and filled out support form. Been waiting and waiting... Will try different app
I purchased this app but I got message that it is not licensed so I should buy from android market. However my acct has been debited . Pls kindly make a refund to me asap. Many thanks
Broken Won't work on the dell android tablet for any files bigger than 7 MB. Please fix asap
Doesn't allow me to import files I didn't want to pay for something that only allows me to view a few samples
Keeps looking  for license and I paid for it. can't open anything. Autocad 360 better .
Not able view the downloaded object Never expected these kind of problems from this developer. They can make good design software for PC but not for a smart phone
Crashes constantly  competition does not charge for similar products either.
Worked but begun to crash Worked great few a year and after one update every print I open gives a stopped working response.
It can't import files, As title, neither email nor cloud
Garbage. The app crashes ALL the time and the creators do nothing about it. A complete waste of money. Get your stuff together, because there's free apps that do better job than you.
