Bad Services When you contact them by email they will contact you immediately and will assure you that as it is a peak season things will take a while. WELL,  I HAVE WAITED ALMOST A MONTH. CAN YOU CLARIFY You call them over phone they will assure you to call you back within an hour. WELL, I HAVE WAITED 2 DAYS. I HAVE PAID FOR EXPERT REVIEW. Yes. They were prompt about taking the money.  ARE YOU PROMPT ABOUT PROVIDING THE SERVICE
Submitted...but not yet received my acknowledgement Its been more than a month since i have submitted my returns online on your site. I haven't got my acknowledgement yet. My follow ups and queries are also unanswered.
Not as good as web based service. Form 26 is coming soon since 3 years 
It's useless app I fill income tax return by this app but when I got iTRv, it was a 0kb file.
Your service sucks I have filed my returns 2 weeks back and till date I haven't got acknwlegment. I have been following up you people from last week but i am getting any response. I have opened ticket 209333 there is no update on that As well. As today is the last do i need to file it again from other website. Please reply to this comment atleast and help me with some number so that i Can reach you guys.
More feature required I think some more features should be enable in this apps for benefits of user like  ITR V status , Return Processing Status, Refund  Demand Status , Generate and Everify return through EVC . It will be really beneficial for user otherwise it will looks like unusual.
Android version of govt office 1. My query wasn't answered properly.  2. It is directing me to another site for help  as a govt office.
Very much flaws Showing username and password wrong when merging the existing account. Also when checking the history after adding member , it is showing that i have filed return for the year 201415. Plz improve
Doesnt display previous year status After adding 2 members, this removed option of verifying status of previous years..
Poor service I have paid their fees but i didnt get any call from their side even after 5 days have been passed..
Chances of misuse of information I am worried about the info like PAN CARD, BANK ACCOUNT Number and ADDRESS etc that i have fed in your app. What is the surety that it will not be misused.
It returns records are suspected I have received file of it return submission but same shows invalid.....how come and also govt. Site shows returns are not filled
Not working Save option does not work, poor experince after one succesful return
I WILL GIVE 5 STAR first snd me my acknowledgment....
Nice app Dear Team, No doubt it's a fantastic app, however it is seemed to be unsecured. If we give required details without while adding member, it is showing filling status  others of the member even though I have not given the password. So, it is showing the way to see the status of others filling status  others if we know the details of PAN  others as required to fill while adding member without password of that account.
Can't able to register... Can't able to register...tried a lot of time but not able to edit every column, resulting in incomplete form..
