Can't sign it I recently bought a new phone downloaded this app to track my account but every time im signing in it doesn't recognize my psswrd nd i will write it down and make sure I am putting it correctly also i can't access my routing info which sucks
Well,had no choice but to update,and its been 12 hrs since and I still can't access my account Says it needs updated,so do I keep doing this around the clock Not fair
wgat happend ive had this app for a year, and never had a problem until the most recent update, now the device ive been using since january isnt recognized anymore, so im always having to have codes sent to me to get into my account
It doesn't recognize my device It keeps asking me for a code... Please fix..I had no problem before tonight..
Can Not Checks I used to be able to deposit my checks quick and simple. Not anymore....now I constantly get picture is unclear try again or we are experiencing difficulties try again later.
Device not recognized The app requests an identification code every time I login. It's a nuissance. I tried logging out and immediately logging back in and the issue is still there. Why is it doing this Seems like an app issue.
Can't log in This app will not let me log in without requesting an access code every time. It's really annoying. It worked fine on my galaxy s5 but it is failing to accept my password on my galaxy s6.   I'm about to just close the account and use a different bank. If I can't access my money easily why use it
I am unable to update this app on my android S6 . It gives no error message  but will keep trying to download for a long time. Not the case with other apps. Do anyone has had this same experience. Please help. Obviously this enhanced app. Is not the same as the one I am using currently.
Deposit checks DOESN'T WORK I am SO tired of this app making me take photos at least 5 times and then after it finally says the photos are fine refusing to deposit the checks Constant error messages App is USELESS.
App keeps prompting for one time code After having fixed the closure issue, the developers introduced another bug now the app does not recognize device every time it's launched, and keeps prompting for one time code to be entered. Not only annoying, but makes access to my account, while traveling abroad, very expensive getting called or SMSed while roaming is not what I need
Deposit checks camera is backwards If you deposit a check the image is backward,upside down, and motion movement is reversed. Makes  a simple task incredibly hard.
Ditch the confirm logout crap If I hit back I want the app to go back, not ask if I'm sure. How about making the back button click yes I'm sure on that question
Wth Every time i sign in it doesnt recognize me. It's the same device I've used for months. Please fix. How u fix minor bugs but create a larger one.
It's horrible, the mobile check deposit never worked.. I even used two studio lights and a white board as background. The software greatly degraded the quality of the image and lead to distorted images. It's impossible to store clear image. It's clearly the problem with the app.
Sucky update I've never had a problem with this app  I've had it for years. Now every time I try to log in, it says it doesn't recognize my device  I have to keep on requesting a verification code, which gets annoying. Please fix.
This is awful... This stupid app consistently will put my account into the negative by telling me I have money that is non existent or depositing my checks twice to then screw me over and give me overdraft fees...
Account Preview Not Working Tried reinstalling and still can't get the Account Preview to work. It simply stopped working. I select it in settings over and over again, only to be told that I must login again. Each time I do, the option is no longer checked. This happens on both my Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 and my Galaxy S6 edge .
Problems logging in The app used to work flawlessly, now every time I try to log in it tells me to request a code to be able to access my account. Called Customer Service and followed instructions, settings do not have the necessary options to setup the app accordingly. Please fix, it's very uncomfortable having to request a code every single time.
Update your camera settings When attempting to use mobile deposit, the check image appears upside down. I am using a Nexus 5X, and this a common problem when app developers are using the old camera API settings. Your developers need to update their code to utilize the Camera2 API, then this problem won't occur. Update this and you'll go back to 5 stars, as other than this oddity, the app is great. Thank you.
Use 2 work perfectly, NOT ANYMORE Now says we are experiencing difficulties we apologize and we hope to fix it soon. Please check back latter to log in....  I can't see my accounts.. I'm stuck... why u do this
HORRIBLE No longer works I recently bought a new Droid. I've changed my password 8 times and it would never work. Called help line, changed again and still will not work. Always been a great app and I've always used to pay my bills and check balances. Ive overdrafted now because I couldn't get in to fix my account. May need to move my accounts.
Chase APP not working.... APP will not recognize either  my ID  andor PW. I see I am not the only one who is frustrated.  Is there no one   on your support  staff reading what your customers are telling you
Please fix your last update Hate this app now. Can't preview even after it set to okay, it changes back as soon as you log off and every time you have to sign in its asking for a code. Please fix it.
ANNOYING If this wasn't so buggy I would love it but it asks me for an identification code all the time. Sometimes multiple times in ONE DAY I just want to check my balance. It should take 5 seconds not 5 minutes. Idk what happened but this app has recently become more frustrating than not.
HATE MEN AND FISHING Love the app.... takes getting usta cause I just got to liking and using last app.... Then they change it....Urgh.  Hate the background picture of men fishing. Really that's the best you can do Hate men and fishing Lol. Please I don't want this men fishing on my screen saver for app
Constantly Need A code The app used to work fine but for the last 2 weeks that app says it does not recognize my phone after my user name and password are out it. It then prompts me for a verification code. This is not only annoying and frustrating but inconvenient. This also happens to my wife's app also on her phone. Can you please check in to this and fix whatever is causing it. Thanks...
