Used for many years but now it's just horrible,  doesn't save last page crashes and will not connect to drive
Can't connect to Google docs Can't connect to my Google docs account. Yes im putting in the correct account i.d. and password. It's a shame too. I paid for this app 2 years ago
Editing a written note doesnt work I bought ez pdf pro yesterday. I would like to give it back and get my money back. The reason for this is a disfunction of the typing function. When I make a note this the T looking icon, I cannot edit the text later. When trying to do so, the app closes. Please get back to me asap. Unfortunetaly I cannot wait until the next update as this was a reason I brought the app. I alsowrote an email, please get back to me quickly
Crashes all the time I use this app to teach as it can play embedded audio included in our interactive books. Every time I launch or try to do anything in the app it crashes and I have to start over. Requested a refund as it is one of the few paid Pdf apps on the play store, use Xodo or some other pdf reader avoid using this one
Help IVE LOVED THIS BUT IT STOPPED BEING ABLE TO SAVE ANNOTATIONS .............. Previous review I've combed through the apps out there and this pdf reader is the best. I use it because it allows for  and saves  highlighting and writing notes, creating boxes, sticky notes, and onscreen annotations.  My only wish is to be able to highlight text and make other annotations in the text reflow view. Thank you
Too many problems The app doesn't save any of the settings not even the annotation Fix it please 1 star until you guys make this app as good as. It was in the beginning
It was a great app But it became very unstable. Imagine making annotations on lecture notes  for about 15 minutes in class and then it stops working and everything is gone
Very slow now App is now super slow when backing out of an open document after October updates. Please fix  Samsung Note 10.1 2014 edition.
It worked before, now it sucks It used to work very well, until the developer came up with some small additions. The most important feature for me, the outline, now doesn't work. Tried to contact the developer about the problem, no response whatsoever. Lucky now I found a much better alternative. Bye ezPDF.
Becoming useless We have written often for improvements but developer sit on their laurels. Try Xodo. Runs much smoother and works very well with a stylus. Ezpdf slowly but surely gets overtaken by other developers who show interest in continuously improving.
No longer ez to use Used to be a good, ez to use, PDF reader that remembered your place in long PDF docs. Now it's a complex beast in which I trigger some obscure and difficult to exit feature with every touch of the screen. Why is there a permanent toolbar at the top of the screen obscuring part my document
NO IMPROVEMENT SAME OLD USED to be ok. Still crashes every now and then. It seems like the more it updates the worst it gets.
Eraser functionality is limitted Once you write something with SPen and you go back to the normal mode, there is no way to erase what you have annotated, even if you go back into the spen mode. This makes it useless for me. Even a freeware on the store is better than this one.
