Disappointed No option to change the date of birth which is mandatory for payment and I don't remember what I wrote in it in the first time.
How to login through pin I intaled version 2.8 but on login app says this is a older version plz update. But here is no update available on play store. This app stopped many times between operations. Very burst app available on play store till now.
Service issue with pockets zero balance account I was applied for pockets account in 1792015 a 2months passed till its not get activated service issue with pocket zero balance account.........................
After updates app is not working properly.   Flashing an error Unfortunately,  Pockets has stop, even MPin and login with Bank's user id and password is not working.  I am existing customer of ICICI Bank and I have already registered with Pockets app.
Fire your technical team  CC I wanted to use pockets from ICICI, but when I went ahead to create an account it says number already registered. On calling up their CC I am told that this number was registered by someone before me. In India its a usual practise that mobile numbers rotate after few months. Can't you simply delete the previous so that I can use my new number Apparently not according to their CC. Stupid technical team who designed this app.
Can't able to do fund transfer Application is bit good... great work...but not allowing to add or manage payees. When I am clicking on addmanage payee in send money it is automatically redirecting to login page. I think this application is simply wasting the time of users. I tried a lot, but disappointed.
Which referal code I use to log in Difficult to log in I use many referal code but it dont work so please anyone help me
Removed State Banks  Why you guys removed state banks from your list of banks... No State Bank Of India  Patial  Maharashtra 
Useful app. It's very useful app for icici bank user.
Pathetic too slow to use. No option to update email it.
Fake..fake...fake.. I cant generate my referral code..its show error..
Not able to login
Not working The website allowed me to create a pocket and transfer money to it. But I can't use it as no cvv no is shared. I have to use the app which took 11 minutes to download on a 2 Mbps leased line Then it didn't log me in saying app under maintenance... How can u create an app which is not avbl 247.. This is not acceptable in this day and age.. That too maintenance at 11 am on Wednesday in Indian standard time......
Not able to register I have tried many times to register but it simply says your mobile number is already register. And when i go to login and click on forgot user id it says your number is not registered.
Error It shows confirm ur details and after that I press on continue bt it is not working next page is not coming I request u to fix it quickly.
Log in problem This pockets every time asking login with registered sim.sometimes we used dual sim,the second sim in data network,that time this pockets doesn't work.so kindly rectify this ,it's to be good like first time activation only registered sim  other times other sim data networks as like imobile app.after this the app will be good for all.
No recharge or bill payment offer No recharge or bill payment offer since last 4 months , instead of using this stupid wallet we should use other wallet like paytm , mobikwik. That one is always better then this stupid wallet , in which u can save some money because they provide lots of offers.
No option to update date of birth either in the app or or by any other possible way even customer care executive also couldn't update the dob. Due to this pocket card got blocked on VISA 3D secure page.Hence unable to use pocket card in online transactions, pocket card become complete useless now for online transactions. I have got response from customer care executive that we're working on this and for now we have only options to update email or mobile number.
