Pathetic Crashed after entering all personal details on first use. Simply unacceptable for e security sensitive application. The app matches my general experience with standard bank's service.
Stop fixing what aint broke This app worked fine previously, now all of a sudden I cannot add beneficiaries and cannot make payment because it cannot get the branch codes right.... this is wasting everybody's time and frustrating the living hell out of me If you cant get things right on this level then I'm afraid...
Branch codes broken The app worked perfectly until recently. Now it will not accept branch codes when trying to add a new beneficiary from any bank. Please fix ... this applies to any bank and any branch code. It always says branch code not valid.
Cannot Create Beneficiary Since the update the app is not allowing me to creat a Beneficiary. I add all the information as needed, then it does not accept branch codes, when you do get it to accept the brance code and you put in your one time pin to accept and load Beneficiary it brings up message Beneficiary cannot be loadedamended  this is realy frustrating, since the app I cannot access my Internet banking from laptop aswell  Help plz
Hate it Horrible Doesnt work and the developer doesnt even bother doing anything about it, call centre is useless Horible app.
Cannot create new beneficiaries because of not accepting branch codes
Latest update, constantly gives problems with payments.
Crashes Latest update crashes as soon as you start the app
Still can't see my beneficiaries
Stopped working Cannot load beneficiaries and not taking branch codes
This app bombs out before it opens properly
Switching between accounts  spouse and mine There isnt an option to switch between two different accounts on the app. My husband and I both do internet banking but only one person can use the app. Thats a bit limiting. Tried uninstalling but still it remembers his details when reloading.
Unfotunately, Standard Bank has stopped I've installed and uninstalled this app several times. It does not want to open. Using Samsung Tablet. Please assist
New Standard Bank Client Opened my accounts this week, the app doesn't allow me to log in, as soon as it loads the app just closes. I feel like going back to FNb, had no problems then.
App closes automatically After opening, it shuts down
The app installed and worked .. untill i got a message that my account is locked.. Now there is NOONE in the bank that can assist me or tell me why my account is locked call opened like 3 weekes ago.. no feedback .. NOR can they unlock my account.. This is a pitty.. as FNB's new app is ROCK SOLID .. maybe time to make the final switch over.    Thank you the reply. I would love to give the app a 5.. but there is no support to get the  issues sorted out in standardbank
It wont even open. Its says the app has been stopped..
Good to bad It was working b4 I installed an update n now it keep on ctashing. Fix this issue n I will give 5 stars
Doesnt run on my tablet The app crashes as the accounts are loading and I cannot use it.
This app keeps on logging me out
Cannot save receipts Please, we're still waiting for the SHARE link on the Tablet version in order to save our payment receipts An extra star for sorting out the other bugs, thank you.  Sony Xperia Tablet Z
