Doesn't work All I see is a blue screen with 4 buttons on it, and just saves nothing if I push them,  or goes to info what needs to be filled in, but there's nothing to fill in.
Not working Have previously submitted tax returns on my app. Was a brilliant app simple to use. Since I updated my app, I can now login, select the current tax return to process, but once I select next to proceed in completing the info, I only get a blue screen, with save or submit options. Can't complete anything at all. Really disappointing as I've always told people how wonderful the app is.
The previous one was working properly, but after I updated it request that I must type a branch code, but it doesn't allow me to type it.
Brian Even after the recent update, it still doesn't work on Samsung S6 Edge
Blue screen with a few options, either stays blue or takes you back to main screen, not usable at all. Not able to complete efiling 
Does not work Can't submit or save return Keeps complaining that bank details need to be corrected. On the bank details tab no values can be update. SARS App  EpicFail
Doesn't work, same as the rest of the comments,blue screen appears and it saves no matter what you press. Previous version that I used last year was brilliant, this is definitely a failed update.
Also doesn't work on my Samsung S5mini.  After completing all the forms just can't get back in.
Mxm Ths app s useless mane ao only for cc or Wat evr it s ai 
The app gives the option for 2015, but a blue screen appears with no form
30 megs This app size is unreasonably big ...
Doesnt work
Wtf This is unsurprisingly useless too bad there isn't a negative rating
Cant submit On the declaration part, the app asks me to mark here with an X but there is nowhere to mark.
Doesn't work Useless app everAll I see it is the  blue screen.Can someone help out here, maybe there must be something to download for the app support.
A big mess User interface and navigation is a mess. And can't really do anything on the app
Waste of time
Not useful for organisations....
Not Operational I downloaded the app in the hopes of doing my submission stress free but unfortunately I was wrong. Login select new 2015 doc and go next to a blue screen with home calculated tax submit and save. Wtf this is annoying. On the mobi site one cannot even submit a return, this option seems to only be available to people that use the proper online site. What crap
From heroes to zeroes Used to love filing my returns via the app, used to take 2 days, then 5, now, approaching 2 months. Great job guys, another parastatal gets sucked into the black hole of ANC inefficiency.
Play store Its difficult to use it most of the time I use mobogienie,bst downloading app eva..
Quick and easy se foot Its not loading my irp5. Just another useless app for my phone.
Before upgrade better This application should never have upgraded. Now I can not do anything on it. What a waste of effort
Horrible app Just shows a blank blue screen after logging in on Note 4. Useless. Waste of time.
Blue screen I log in but it just shows a blue screen on my Samsung Note 4. Sucks
Logging in is difficult.  Tells me I must go online to register 1st but I have
Kuk doesn't work LG G4
Not working Useless to me. It's not working on my Galaxy s6
