Keeps crashing fix for Nexus 5 For a paid app I expected better, I can't even load a picture without it freezing and crashing, it used to work before, fix this Update It's even worse now, fix it please or give me my money back its been months
Force closed error..  Fix for android M  dumb people.. Doesn't work when I select photo to edit,  the app goes force closed..  Please fix it... I've reported this long ago..  Do something 
The ios version is so much more stable and reliable than this one. For a paid app I expected better. The pixels randomly glitch out and make your photos look like a broken phone screen. There aren't as many options as the ios version either. It's just overall annoying.
Needs fixing This app is amazing, best photo editor especially for makeupbeauty pics. HOWEVER, I have a nexus 5 and it was working perfectly but its been 3 times I uninstalled reinstall it and it crashes every time I try opening a picture. Super disappointed I want it fixed so I can continue using it and give it a 5 star rating.
Great app... When it doesn't crash When I first downloaded the app I found it easy to use and with surprisingly good looking and natural results    However, the app no longer works. You cannot select a photo to edit without the app freezing and crashing. Avoid wasting your money as it is either not compatible with the new Marshmallow release or they published an update with a critical bug. For a paid app, I expect a stable app or at least fixed in a timely manor..
NOT WORKING ANDROID M This app cannot work on android m, as others report the app crashes when opening a photo, this had been a while, when you gonna fix this
Error Black screen then FC , when open picture from gallery. Please FIX it Im on Ofcl Android M
Waste of Money It won't even open a photo for editing on my Nexus 5, running Android M the What's New section, obviously doesn't apply to all devices.
In serious need of an update... It's been over a month since I last was able to use this app. For reference, Nexus 5  Android 6
Not opening photos Worked amazing on my nexus 5 but since Android M updated,it won't opet photos to edit. Please fix
Used to be great Since I updated my Nexus 5 to Android Marshmallow, the app doesn't work anymore. Please fix or reimburse.
Android M Neah... Since Android 6 OTA, I'm not able anymore to open a photo from gallery, to enter in menu for settings or whatever. Facetune isn't responding. Do you want to close it or Facetune has stopped. Do you want to close it. That's kinda sucks...
Can't open any pictures Nexus 5 OS M 6.0 used to be great and nothing works anymore. I want my money back.  Update still broken. This is ridiculous.
It's not working I use to use it perfectly until last week and I can't even select a pic anymore please to something about it thanks
Give my money back It sucks I pay for 15 AED for this app and it has been successfully charged, was verified by an agent. And then when i search from google play it says AGAIN buy it for 15 Dirhams more.. fix it
