This use to work on my note 3 before they updated it and every other phone that I've had now that updated it I've had nothing but problems with it when it Records I hear is static so I reinstall it and now it doesn't even show up on my app list  it says its installed but I don't see it anywhere
AD is full version I first install the trial and found the app really good. Thought worth buying, paid for it and I still see AD at the bottom, still unable to use premium features and every time I click a premium feature it takes me to buy licence page and their it shows only Refund tab which I have not tried to hit expecting the support to fix it ASAP
Keeps saying I don't have licence Every few days it days I don't have license and then starts working again.  Now I can't link drop box anymore
It mutes the speaker when tring to call someone from time to time.  It doesn't work stable  the recoreder is still recordnig even the call is finished.   I don't recommend it.
shame i have to refund before end of 2 hours as the pro app doesnt display the icon in my menu and i cant open it. i restarted phone several times just to see if ut would work. i use gs6 edge. it seemed promising but i wish that there be mp3 option too.
Down Hill I used to be able to save my recordings in mp3 format. That option is no longer available. Also, it now turns itself on randomly, even after i disable it. Frustrating. I don't know why developer's need to break things under the guise of progress.
Problem I bought this application and when my phone updated it is no longer on my note 3 and don't know how to get back other than uninstalling it and repurchasing it. So just a heads up uninstalling it and then reinstalling didn't work either.
Doesn't work. I was using this app previously with my old phone  it was working properly but when I reinstall this app in my new phone it is not working,even I can't open it  I already  paid  for it.
Limited call record time I don't know when it started but my recordings are now limited to 2 min 25 seconds. Is there a new setting that needs to be set I uses to be able to record over an hour at a time.
Disgraceful This is quite simply the worst app I have ever had the misfortune to pay for. It's isn't that the app does not work, it does not exist Three times I have reinstalled it and each time it will not even open. I have a friend who had the same problem so I know I'm not alone. The developer must be paying for all the positive reviews about this app because there is no way anyone would ever rate it higher than a 1. I only wish I could give this a negative rating
Dishonest and Erratic App Management Update 3172015 This App doesn't record all calls, just the odd one, so can only be described as unreliable. DO NOT PAY FOR THIS  WASTE OF MONEY. Also its withinApp rating is set so you can only give it a Yes 5Star rating  sneaky
I had the previous version and it worked great. My phone broke so I had to get galaxy s4, i downloaded the new version of ACR, it wouldnt record both sides of yhe conversations and now its not recording anything. I want a refund because I tried to upgrade tp see if that woyld help and nope, so im uninstalling and asking for a refund.
Waste of money I was having trouble with garbled recordings with the free app, so I upgraded. Then I kept getting messages that ACR was unable to record the last call. Very few calls were being recorded. So I rated the app and an ACR rep said I should uninstall and reinstall the app and uninstall all other recording apps. There were no others. This app still doesn't work properly. Don't waste your money.
Doesn't work on new version. No recording from other end, only voice from own end gets recorded. Used to work earlier, however now doesn't work properly.
Was good, but.. It was initially able to record calls through my car Bluetooth, but now when a call through my car gets recorded, it's only a loud static that gets recorded.
Don't pay for licenced version No updates. Doesn't work with lollipop. Mostly doesn't record full conversations. I wasted my money. You don't
Scam stopped working. Nothing records Do not buy this app. It no longer works, and hasn't recorded a call since Sept 27. I'm livid, since I expected it to work, but many important phone calls were NOT recorded.
