Touch auto focus problem This is a good video camera application, the one i looking for. But to bad, when using touch auto focus, it's only work for first touch. If i change focus point, it's not change from last focus point until i quit and enter application again. So it's useless having touch auto focus but only for first touch. Also no 4K recording for G4 Please fix the touch auto focus problem and i will change rating
Doesn't work on Nexus 6P Waste of money. The camera app gets all the love and the video app is neglected. I purchased both apps and video has never worked. I've seen many updates for the camera but not this one. If you have an android 6 device stay away from this one.
Does not work on Nexus 6P Was excited to try this on Google's latest flagship but app freezes on launch. Doesn't work properly on Sony Xperia z5 either. Please update with fixes soon. Looks like it could have great potential.
Constant freeze Doesn't even start on Nexus 6P. On Nexus 5 and LGG4, does not capture video in anything other than default system settings. 24fps video was the reason I bought this app it does not work. Like, even a little.
Looks great but no go on Nexus 6P The app looks to have all the stuff I want in a video recording app but it does not work on my Nexus 6P. The app opens and shows the initial output of the camera but hangs immediately. Hopefully this app is updated to work on it soon as I love the camera sister app to this. Also, the 'lite' version works fine on my Nexus 6P but this 'pro' version does not.
Laggy behemoth Starts very slowly, record starts 10 seconds after you click the button. I never succeeded to play any of test videos recorded.
Disappointed I have a Note 5 and I'd like to take advantage of its camera. But this app doesn't support 4k and doesn't have true manual focus. Doesn't even come close to its iPhone competitor.
No love nexus 6p Won't even open on nexus 6p... Bummed I payed for it anticipating all the features would be usable..
Unstable and unusable for LG G4 Constantly crashing and showing blank screens. Over heats phone easily
Record doesn't work The only thing that works is single photos on my LG G4. In movie mode record button does nothing.
Still no working right on my samsung galaxy ring Veiw is not normal, looks scrambled. This app was mentioned on cnet so I wanted to try it, but I think it has issues with prepaid phones and their hardware. I already emailed about this once and no feedback since.
Don't work with Nexus 5X It's actually a very good app. However it does not work on the Nexus 5X. I hope they fix the app soon.
I'm on a Sprint Galaxy Note 5 running Lollipop. This app is currently not working with the Note 5. Same goes for the Camera FV5 camera app. Although switching to the front camera works in both apps, the rear main camera just shows a black screen.
Was great but started dimming I use the app to record concerts dimly lit atmosphere and I set the ISO manually to one of the higher settings but lately the video started to go dark sporadically. If I tap the video to focus, it becomes light again, but after a few seconds, it goes dark again. I pretty much have to stand there and tap the screen every few seconds. And the video comes out looking like somebody is flipping the light switch back and forth. Please fix or advise.
Opens on my Nexus 6p running 6.0, but the preview is frozen, and the app won't record and is generally unresponsive.
Broken App freezes and shuts down when any button is pressed. Completly unusable on my galaxy 6s. Wasted money
DOESNT WORK EDGE PLUS The lite version works fine for the galaxy s6 edge plus but i wanted manual focus so i upgraded to the full version 2.45 at the time and it doesn't display video. Ive tried loading and reloading nothing works. Please fix this, all i want is to use manual focus for video
Nexus 6 issue Changed to 1 star. 2 months since I've reported issues with this app on nexus 6 and still no response, still no fix.
Bad bugs I was going to use this with my phone and an external mic to vlog, but it's waaay to glitchy. On my first recording the video froze half way through even though the audio continued to record. The second take the audio was a few seconds off and then the video began glitching and everything got waaaay off. Sad. I was hoping my money was well spent.
Nexus 5x  Doesn't work at all Nexus 5x  Doesn't work at all.  Waited more than 2hrs to try.  I want a refund
