Paid users left behind Wish they would update this paid version, as currently the free version always supports the latest cameras. Update 101815. No support for 720p in newer HD camera 2330L or alternative control methods for moveable cameras 5222L.
Even worst than the lite version Using Dcs2136l..lite version supports 720p but this only 480p..update already
Poor Took 2 hours to set up devices now they drop out. Multiple camera veiws always causes samsung galaxy 5 app to crash. Poor interactivity and clunky pan and tilt controls have used five other cheaper devices and apps that are similar or better expected more from dlink especially with a paid app after you have already paid through the nose for the devices. Also expected multiple views on local mode. Try again obviously developed by a first time software designer or a child.
Needs Work. Screen resolution keeps changing after each log off, strange for a paid app, while the free lite version retains the set value.  5 minutes timeout is a REAL nuisance, should be able to adjust this.  Also please add progress bar and download option when retrieving videos from the camera SD card.
Don't waste your money Buy a dropcam instead easier to set up.  Never have problems with the dropcam. I can watch dlink camera on one device and at same time on IPad tells me video stream lost, never had that with the dropcam. 10 times more difficult to set up than dropcam. Will never purchase another drink camera
New update problems Find now if I turn cam power off the sound, pantilt and daynight are disabled on restart. Installing saved configrestore in maintenancesystem fixes problem but hassle.
Won't let me connect Worst 80 plus I've ever spent. So disappointed I wasted this much money for NOTHING. VERY VERY UPSET WITH THIS PRODUCT
Lots of issues Still buggy.. Used the lite version, decided to get this version to monitor my 5020l cameras..  The only thing that works is the multiview..  Motion does not work at all..  It connects only sometimes.. And it often crashes when you touch the audio button to hear. . Very buggy Please fix  I would love to use a working version
From great apps to the worst I bought this apps to monitor 3 of my 5020 cameras. It worked just fine until they upgraded the software. Now I can't move my camera thru my android phones.  But when I tried to move the cameras from my iPad, it works only to 1 camera.  The rest I can't connect. Please fix this as I have 3 cameras to monitor.
Bugged I can't get it to record onto the Micro SD card. I get a certificate error expired in 1979. It then asks me to log in to another link with a signon and password that is not and the one I'm supposed to use for the site. Can't view it on Google Chrome either.
Horrible waste of money Worse than the lite version. Has less features then the lite version as well. Don't waste time or money with this until at least the next droid update
Will not connect App only looks for cameras, I have DIR600L router.  App works fine on my iphone but not on Android. Will delete and refund.
Do not purchase There is no difference between this one and free ABSOLUTELY NONE You can adjust notificationalerts. The free app works great for simply veiwing at least the stationary cam. Set was irritating however since none of QR codes were provided as stated.
Can not connect to the camera It worked fine the first couple of times, then for come reason I can't connect to the camera.... Why
Old fashioned and can destroy the camera This app should be great given how good the cameras are. But it is not.  It is next to impossible on some models of cameras to set a default view that it will keep. It also tell me to update the firmware of the camera and I pressed yes from the app once and the camera stopped working permanently. Googling it showed that this was a sure way to destroying the camera and although we got it repaired it is frustrating and have to cost you a lot of money.
With the latest update, the App stops after loading After the latest update, both Mydlink and Mydlink Lite stop shortly after loading. Same on my Galaxy S3 and Galaxy Note 8.  I have DCS5020L, DCS942L and DCS5222L.
Do some RD before releasing an APP Since this app is made for mobility, but the team behind this app didn't consider the unstable nature of 3G connections. I get Reconnect message window some 50 times in an hour which should be auto connect instead.
Terrible do not buy No different than the free version, stuck in night mode, and stuck on upgrading. Terrible app
No PTZ This App was working perfectly earlier today till Dink forced me to upgrade the firmware.  Then the Litefree  version wouldn't PTZ. So bought the Plus version only  to find the PTZ is still not working. Really wish they would hire a couple of software designers to test this stuff.
Sd This software rarely works with Galaxy A7 on both 3G4G connection. Ipad version is a lot better.
Software worked for a while on a DCS2330L, but now the software won't allow me to access the stored recorded video on the SD card.  It was terrible to setup initially and I'm a computer guy, and it is just not reliable.  It disconnected all the time through wireless even though I have a topoftheline router, so I ran a network cable to it.  Same problems.  Poor, poor, poor.  Unfortunately, it's the only software we can use for this camera
Dlink is HORRIBLE Update firmware to get new features Thanks you filth, all I got was a new timeout That's not a feature, that's an issue. I will never buy another dlink product. Truly the most inept company I've dealt with which is proven with every softwarefirmware update the put out.
Can not pan and tilt remotely... After the last updat and firmware update to my 5020L, I can not longer pan and tilt my camera when I am off my own network which is pretty pointless. Please fix this
Won't Work Got the paid version, and still won't work from my Tablet or phone. Please fix for more stars
After I have checked in on my home and leave the app up I get error message unfortunately D'link app has stopped it locks my phone up   and I have to restart my phone by pulling the battery out. Phone crashes I want my 0.99 back samsung galaxy s5
2330L not supported Check if your camera is supported I can't tell the difference between this and the free version.
