No internet connection. Ummm, I agreed on the terms of services and all the other things.. I just clicked the purple button, turned on the mobile data ..no internet connection I hope it this bug gets fixed, I also want to know if I've done something wrong.. and yeah.. that's it.
im using Indosat indonesia provider and its still decreasing my own data. which damn part is the free
Not useful This app is working only with data pack, otherwise main balance reducing slowly
Fraud They charged me from main balance, i restricted background Data and this feature prevent any background data use and it works fine. Except that internet org charged me over 2. Can I take legal action, help me
Some features don't work... For example  the GUMTREE link,    3 or 4  other featured links also simply don't have any content nor do they even link via a 3rd party browser...
Why I know if this application restrict to open a video to save mobile data because it's free, but why I cannot open with another app, such as YouTube app just to watch a video And surprisingly I can't copy a link to open in web browser.. Sooo terrible
Worst thing ever        WiFi on cellular data on. Useless app. If I just could give it 5 stars
Useless Nobody would be interested in an app that is as fast as 1 KBS running. You are obviously creating it for advertising to facebook only. You should either make it real or never do it. Sorry but not even worth this much drama about it ..
Doesn't work even for reliance Most people are saying it works only for reliance, but joke is in my case it donot work in reliance, says in your area no services.. Lol App.
Not working for free wtf This app said it will work without Internet but this is not working Without Internet  this is crap plz don't download waste of internet i m on reliance network then also not working
Not working for free This app said it will work without Internet but this is not working Without Internet  this is crap plz don't download waste of internet i m on reliance network then also not working it works  only if u have internet pack otherwise it doesn't work
Waste of time and waste of data Y its working in reliance sim only... its very funny lolz waste of time and waste of data for installation... plz one request to basic app send a msgs for only reliance user dont send other network users good byeeee....
Good Idea but basics missing The App description and media announcement does not mention names of the mobile operators
App shows here only 1.5 mb Actual it is 10 mb dont make people fool give correct information.
Doesn't work Doesn't work at all in Panama on Digicel network.... When I try to go to Facebook, I'm forced to use me browser which redirects me to a Digicel page telling me i don't have data and that I should add money to my Data account.
It does not make any sence.simply waste of data. You should send message only for Reliance sim holders. You are a cheater. Stop fooling people
Useless It says only work for reliance then why all subscribers got sms...once fixed for all mobile network providers then do this advertisement.
Slow Browsing Speed Free Stuff is always of Bad Quality. I'd rather get a 2G internet plan on Reliance which costs less than 150 Rs. And will browse facebook faster than this Slow thing. Facebook should invest on providing Affordable Internet services rather than trying to connect the unconnected at a speed slower than a tortoise. Waited 5 minutes for the homepage to open 
Don't work at all I am etisalat and still tells I can't use the app till I change to etisalat sim .. Useless and don't install
Not available in my country Ive been using this for few months and it was fine now i cannot access anymore because it says not available in my country. What the
Not All Free in FB FB show only text, if want view images and video, we have to use data, so they charge me. Not free.
Doesnt work Why on earth this app works only for Reliance What should other nw users do
