Once it was the best camera app, but now it's choppy Most versatile camera app for Android, but it has serious problems for a while. Even with version 3.0, the preview is choppy, thus it's impossible to take good pictures. Exposure control has problems, too. LG Nexus 4.
Latest update Nov 23 screwed up custom save location. Album stopped working... Also, white balance is not accurate at all... All setting but 1 look identical. What happend guys It just got worse than before Previews also slow now.  
Focusing problem Long shutter times tested 1s2s First focuses correctly, but right before taking photo the focus is lost and the photo ends up blurred. Unusable software at the moment  With the new version also came a new problem. Photos don't show up the right way. I have checked the controls are the right way before taking a photo.
Nice app  latest update problematic I was pretty happy with this app mainly for the 'RAWDNG' functionality. However latest update is problematic. Files aren't saving to selected location each time an image is taken about 1 in 3 and ifwhen they do they are corrupted and show half black half exposed. Also noticed its become very slow and laggy. I'm using S6 Edge.
Bugs are more than features I would like to give 5 stars for a lot desirable features , but bugs are more than its features , specially the geo tagging is not working all the time , disabling the cameras shutter sound is just a fake and awkward, a lot of options have a lot of contradictions between each other and it needs more attention from your development team. Switching back to google camera
I used to like the app, but the latest version does not seem to create png files anymore. Still love the control in the app, but image quality is not lossless for me anymore.
It was better.  Still crippled. LG G4 user.  Why am I restricted to .7s exposure  previous versions had bulb and much longer exposure time,  without issues.   Downgrading rating from 3 stars to 1 star until this crippling of a great camera is resolved.
Totally waste less app don't purchased ever While clicking the photo in zoom the clarity of it not so good  not even clear also it's waste so my advice don't purchased it ever  there should b more options  more features
Excellent  Easy to use  Camea This was 5 stars, but view finder      problems letter view shows as landscape in new version 3.0  makes it unusable for me.   Here's what I said about the prior version    I often need to compensate for for poor  lighting and backlit subjects.  I've tried many camera apps and keep coming back to this one.  Running on a Samsung s5.
M8 GPE 6.0 Sliders dont work. At all.
Still does not work with Sony Xperia Z5
Sprint Galaxy Note II Does not work on Note 5. Just a black screen. You have to go into 'settingscameracompatibilityforce legacy driver' for it to work. somehow forcing legacy drivers doesnt seem good.
Still didn't work on Xperia Z5 I already tried first time since former version and returned money back. Now in version3, I hope it will fixed but actually still had same issue take max resolution 8mp and many others issues. So I'm very disappointed and want my money back....
Only up to 8MP on Xperia Z5 Still the same issue I am only able to get up to 8MP on the back camera and 2MP on facecamera on my Xperia Z5. Using Android 5.1.1. I have tried to contact the developers, but haven't got any response. It also crashes when I'm clicking through the menu.
Gosh this app gets even worst Sharpness degrades in low light compared to previous versions. Sooo annoying. Sucks
