Had to bring down my 5 star rating Access to the settings hub was good where it was at before. If it's not broken don't try to fix it. I end up hitting words to get to the new hub. Please change back and I'll bring rating up   update WHY DID YOU CHANGE THE EMOJI KEYBOARD IF ITS NOT BROKEN DON'T TRY TO FIX IT. IF THIS KEEPS UP I'M GOING TO CHANGE TO ANOTHER KEYBOARD
No emojis I would give this 5 stars but I am having an issue with seeing emojis. I have a Samsung Galaxy s2,the latest update to the app,  have uninstalled and reinstalled  several times and I can not see the emojis in the keyboard. Just little squares. Please fix
Problems after update please fix Since the newest update, the app randomly inserts spaces in words and sometimes doesn't insert a space after a word, even if I press the spacebar I have to press it 23 times before it registers, and doesn't always automatically add a space after predicted words. Can devs please look into this it's extremely annoying.
Freezing up I used to love this app. Recently I've had troubles with the keyboard freezing across the screen and covering every app open. Seems I can only restart my phone in order for it to clear. It's happening more and more at least once per day.
One important feature missing I would give this keyboard a much higher score if it had the option to turn off pop out keys while typing.
Sad I've been using SwiftKey for years, I'm sad that I'm going to have to look for a replacement. Ever since it went free, it's performance has dropped. It constantly lags and slows down everything else I'm doing as well. Will revisit later and see if it's back to it's former glory.
Meh, worse than ever Meh, used to be the best but it's been a steadily downhill trip. You can't disable trending phrases anymore, so it suggests stupid stuff that you don't care about.  It capitalizes weird words in the middle of a sentence.  It seems to live the word prefect, which I've never used, but I do use perfect a lot.  This debt went written Bayu swipes  this sentence was written with swype
Another one ruined by updates. Aside from the menu looking like crap... It just closes the keyboard randomly now which is pretty annoying... No problems before, so thanx for screwing this one up..
