Scheduling is buggy I scheduled recordings for multiple days. First it worked fine, then it started recording nothing. Now after multiple reboots scheduling simply doesn't work. The project I got the app for is effectively ruined. The app could use a repeat every day between time and time function.
Disappointed Paid for pro to get better quality. Wanted to set up 1 photo every 5 minutes at our party. First photo turned out great but subsequent photos were always dark. Tried numerous settings. Would like a refund if this was not operator error.
Waste of money n time. I recorded sequence at 1080with lapse it pro. Tried rendering several times with different settings. But every time it shows video is corrupted. Zip and send project also does not work as it sends mail with no attachments. I sent mail regarding this to lapse it team.. But no reply... Might work for others.. But for me this app sucks... One star from me
 Always stops recording...  even though the phone is set to flight mode and background capture is fully enabled... I've reinstalled it... Does not work 
Broken For Me Currently Tried two times now to do a time lapse, once of a painting the other of just the sky to test it. Both times the recording just stops and the app goes back to the main screen without any rhyme nor reason. There is no logs saying what happened, and in the case of the painting nothing I can do about it, unless I want to do the painting again...
Im using Lapseit for aerial kite photos in lieu of an intervalometer equipped camera. But i need to be able to save individual, keeper photos, which it seems should be possible, but no responsehelp yet from Lapseit. Aerial photos soon when i can individualize them.       I'm hoping they'll help me with advice, but no response for a long while STILL no help. Frustrating.
Disappointed. Sound quality horrible When I add good quality MP3s 320kbps from my library they sound horrible on my rendered video. Don't think I'll use the app much because of this.  Typical no response from the developer on how to fix it.  Disappointed. Rendered vids don't play on standard video player requiring download of 3rd party player like VLC Player. Awesome render doesn't work on Samsung Note 2. NOT IMPRESSED THAT DEV DOESN'T RESPOND TO FEEDBACK AFTER PAYING FOR APP
Failed after purchase This great app failed after I purchased it. It works as it did before but rendering has an issue. After render the video is unwatchable because of some bug. Video is playing but it's all messed up. I have sent an email to the producers but haven't got any feedback nor an updated. Good app, while it was working but not anymore. Pretty bad service also.
Bad During a 2 hour capture of a 3D print it crashed and restarted the phone twice . When the capture completed, it will render up to 23 and just stop rendering. Tried minimal settings, and their so called awesome engine which failed and passed the task to a normal engine, which failed a couple minutes later. No error message or error log. Used to be nice, probably 5.0 incompatible.
