Paid for once, but developers move to subscription I lost features that I wanted because the developers wanted to make even more money. They did not honor those of us who bought the app early on and want us to pay again to get features back.
paid for the app before, no licence anymore Quality of scan is not good anymore. Need to subscribe to get the futures I've paid before. Don't need any of that cloud sync or collaborative working. Please get back old app with all feutures.
Spam I bought this app and in return they send me notification spam. No way to turn it off. Do NOT buy
Rip off's I bought the paid version early on and now they want more money.  It still says basic version and no changes with paid key.   They screwed us.
SCAM Scanner Upgraded to the paid version because I need the OCR. This does not seem to have it. Therefore, they appear to be misrepresenting their product. It also seems to cut off half the page after scanning it I crop it to what I want, but only half that then seems available. The generic reply below illustrates their disdain for their customers. Furthermore, the email address give does not work.
Samsung galaxy S4 I have purchased this license scanner  been using it for years no problem. Until now I dont understand why I have to pay again for monthly fee Why is my old documents not readable Was this app now useless if I dont pay again Are you kidding me
Went broke faxing Don't pay for the app.  You will have to keep paying for use anyway.  Find another app.
In app lies about what you get. In the app it states that buying this will upgrade you to premium and that its currently on sale. Once you buy this and apply it the ads go away and other thins noted here happen but you do not get premium which is charged as a subscription. I thought false advertising and misrepresentation was illegal. Otherwise the scanning is good.
Paid for license, now a basic user Definitely not right by loyal customers. I also paid for the full version license and now my account is reset to basic because now is a high price monthly subscription. For a few dollars more I can get a full virtual scanning and faxing service with phone number....  It WAS a great useful app I used frequently at work. Now a double charging scam.
WAS a happy PAID user. INTSIG, Do the right thing, and fix this. Paid for upgrade to Premium. Was using app fine for months. ALL FEATURES WORKED. Prompted for an update and installed update. REVERTED back to basic version, NO PREMIUM FEATURES WORK. NOW wants me to pay again. Also, ALL MY FILES REDATED TO TODAY. 15 minutes ago I had OCR, NOW I DON'T. C'mon INTSIG, Do the right thing, and fix this.
Scam, do not use I used the trial version upon its release. I upgraded, paid for the app. Spent a lot of time scanning and tagging my documents into their application. I loved the application,even joined their forum and even Recommended the darn app.  Well, out of no where the developers booted my info and access to the application. They are changing it to subscription access. So mad that I wasted my time and money. Fraud
No Dropbox sync I just want to scan with ocr, export to pdf and sync to Dropbox. But they won't allow it because they want to sell you their services. Unless your life is around scanning for some reason, don't buy it. Edit They told me to send an email to support and I did, but they never replied.
What happened I purchased this a few years ago when I needed this for a job. I now have a g3, to find out now you have a to pay a monthly fee when this was already purchased. Anybody wanna go in with me for a lawsuit against these guys Stupid scammers Don't even bother with this app.
Great app, greedy developers You pay for the app and then you pay extra 5usdmonth for things like ocr and better quality They are silently removing features, like ocr for tags, etc. Won't pay more for this rip off.
Features removed Honor those who paid in the first place.  Don't just move to subscription based service and remove the features we paid for.
Greedy developer Just like most developers out there now it's becoming a trend of some sort why sell an app once when you can make regular money from subscribing......
