Horrendous choice of font and background colours and slow It seems as if all the discovery information is displayed in this app but the information is extremely difficult to read dark gray on slightly lighter gray with light grey as background. Not optimised for easy reading. And the app takes forever to refresh. Will uninstall and use website through tabletphone browser.
Regular problems Most annoyingly requires password to be manually entered every time session expires, which is often. Also gives various error messages if not actually crashes every time I use it. If the Web site had all the same functions I would not.bother with this buggy app.
App slow to load The app takes forever to refresh information, even if you are going back a page which has just loaded. App crashes on startup and the only way to fix is reinstall. Also doesn't sync with Google Fit so some of my activities aren't tracked
Terrible The app is slow and crashes regularly. Using the Vitality Active Rewards is embarrassingly impossible, as you tend to end up unable to access the voucher screen just as you're standing in the queue to redeem it. Steer clear if you can.
Vitality active rewards I have been trying to activate my vitality active rewards for the past few days now, but no luck. It brings up an error message. This is so frustrating
Cant load digital card My Samsung A7 have being struggling to load digital card on the app, I even got notification saying it's available for download but it just keeps loading. I can't even view my rewards card...
Angry user I am just trying to sync my health app to earn points. But i can never do that cuz the app crashes the whole time And then i have to enter password again... Very annoying
Pathetic app I burst out laughing when I saw that I gave this app 5 stars three years ago This app is an absolute failure right now. It crashes ALL THE TIME And that is putting it lightly  Please ask your developers to test this app on a LG G3 So that they can experience the pain this app is putting me through. For the love of goodness FIX THIS APP
This app is irritating, constantly crashing I've gone to a point where I have uninstalled the it and reinstall it every time I want to use it which turns out to be a great way to waste my data. It may be free but it's very costly.
Slow  buggy App frequently losses its login session,  crashes when redeeming reward, API calls are very slow, often can't sync properly. Internet connection good. Features that are there are great and useful, pity they don't work so well.
Waste of time This is a very stupid and useless app, keeps crashing, loads for forever and i can't access Vitality which can only be done via the app. I work for Discovery but this app is nonsense
Crashes App crashes on a regular basis. Also tried to submit a claim thru the app. Select a member. Select the picture file no pdf support submit and request to select a member   Do that and the picture file is gone. Redo. Select member again. A few of these and crash. Next,  get the digital cards. Displays. No way to get it,  then crash. Gave up....
Personal info Takes my blood group but when i say none  no allegies etc it automatically stops... Frustrating.  Thought a company such as Discovery would have discovered all these hickups
Terrible What a poorly made app. Crashes most of the time. My vitality rewards barley actually syncs. This App is great if you in the mood for getting frustrated
Slow and clunky The app is terribly slow, the workflows are clunky and cumbersome. It logs out unnecessarily and sessions time out too quickly. Frustrating to use, and if it wasn't for the promotion they're running at the moment, I would have uninstalled it a long time ago.
The idea is excellent  good tracker and motivator  but the implementation is a disaster. The app is bloated, slow and crashes every second or third time I use it.  Almost unusable on 3G unbelievably slow on my 4 megabit ADSL connection.   The idea behind an app is to keep it light and responsive to do one or two tasks well not to be everything for everybody. Discovery does not get it.  Discovery, you alienate your loyal customers with such an app.
Very buggy ...and the fixes are huge, but hardly fix anything. I cannot load reward cards, and they will soon expire. Crashes intermittently. Ugh..
What a waste of time Takes forever to loadopen,  doesn't sync S Health activities and crashes when I try to sync manually.  Has now faied to sync the last 3 weeks' activities and ive missed out on points and rewards. Have reinstalled twice, same issue. Its a total waste of time, wouldn't recommend it
This app gets worse and worse While attempting to redeem my Active Rewards, the app crashed, and now it crashes immediately on startup. I can't even get the login screen to load. How can I redeem my rewards This is the worst app I have ever encountered, and it's been this way for weeks. FIX IT
Can't redeem rewards I tried for the first time to redeem a smoothie at Kauai today but the app gives an error message saying cant redeem reward.  Please help with this
Cant get active rewards Just give me a blue card with no info on and say error when I want reload the card. I have 4 smoothies I cant collect.. and I just did the new update on this app.. no change 
App keeps crashing when trying to redeem rewards. When trying to report the issue about the app crashing, app crashes again. Cannot use the app at all anymore.  Very unhappy.
It's not stable Very buggy and unstable. Crashes more often than not. And Murphy's law says that it happens just as you're producing the wiCode for your reward drink
Still useless after the update So much for bug fixes App cant even open without crashing. And when it used to open it was so slow I couldn't even access my vitality rewards because it was so slow. I think that is probly their tactic so I cant claim my rewards
Pathetic Pain in the arse app that I'm forced to use.  Doesn't connect when you need it to. Frustrating.  Rewards that have been used are not cleared and sit there. Annoying.
Pretty useless While it displays information sometimes the app often crashes, the digital cards don't display if it doesn't crash before u get to them , and it requires vast amounts of patience as the app is slow and loads at a snail pace even on LTE. Use Microsoft internet explorer instead. Its less buggy
Slow and cumbersome Complete waste of time,  this app is slow and cumbersome. Don't try and open a reward to pay while at a cashier,  rather screenshot it when you can get to it then scan it that way.  About to uninstall it due to high irritation levels when using it.
Not stable I have never been able to load any digital card which means I can't redeem any rewards . Might as well have physical card . Too many errors and very unstable . Disappointing
Error logging in Come on Discovery fix it Won't allow me to login with my Web details... Same complaint as everyone else it seems
Slow, not always working One of the slowest apps on my phone. My operating system has even suggested uninstalling the app to make my phone working better. Regular login problems also
Waste of Mb Perfect example of what an app should not be. Basically not much working on it. Keep on getting an error message on everthing. Would think a company like Discovery would be embarrassed with this app.
Doesn't sync with S Health I reach my steps goals consistently but although the app says it's synced no points are awarded
The app is extremely  slow and I can't  redeem  my rewards.  What is the use of getting rewards if the app bombs  out every  time you  try to redeem them Also,  app is selectively  syncing  info from SHealth  app.  Not cool
Most unreliable app ever I have never seen such an unreliable app.  Good layout and functionality but that is where it ends. Crashes and inability to log in most of the time. All my friends on Android experiencing the same. Discovery app issues becoming party conversations.
Not Syncing With SHealth Properly It always fails to sync automatically even after the update sometimes and I have to do it manually.
