What a disaster You know that it's not working Nedbank but you published this anyway, minor bug fixes really is this what you call minor.. please enter value on blocks marked with  clearly your app can't read input or values
Not working any more  Keep saying app is offline..No response from developers at all Used to work previously but not at all for the past few weeks.
Test the app properly before releasing an update Does not work always off line. Previous version could not login to profile. As developers your suppose to fix these issues
It keeps saying enter a value in all marked fields continuosly after entering everything correctly.  Can anyone use the app
Faulty app. Worked fine up to a week or so ago after a year or so of use. Now will not connect. Says app is offline constantly. Tried to uninstall and reinstall. Now the app has no icons on it. Completely frustrated as it is now useless. On Samsung Galaxy Note 4
Cant activate App suite It keeps saying enter a value in all marked fields continuosly after entering everything correctly.
This app was probably written by school kids Do you guy not take the comments here seriously I have seen least 10 people make the same comment that I am about to make PLEASE INPUT VALUES IN THE FIELDS MARKED WITH A  ... AND GUESS WHAT I DID Please go through your code and check that you are actually parsing in the profile number and not initializing it before the parse. Or your regex is faulty and you are trying to create a matcher that isn't related to our profile numbers at all.
Used to work New phone dl the app as used to work. Try put in my details and keeps saying I didn't put in the pin code. Very disappointed as that pin works on the site perfectly . still does not work... Useless
Nedbank This app use to work on my phone. Since i'he downloaded it on android lollipop it keeps complaining that I haven't  filled in all the required fields. Even if I have filled in all the fields on screen
Not Working It keeps saying enter a value in all marked fields continuosly after entering everything correctly.
Ugliest app ever Overall I think this app sucks. This is a good example of when developers design the app as well. One big issue is the app says constantly I am offline but I know I have an active internet connection. So basically the app is useless.
Rupert Pretorius It use to work but with my new phone it keeps telling me to active. Done that several times and still no working app. Cell phone banking remains my only option.
Registration not working Keeps saying enter a value in the field even though all the fields are filled in correctly
Slow and cluncky The app can be made more simple and the problems experienced I feel are unnecessary. It is easier for me to use the website on my phone than to fiddle with the app, which kind of defeats the purpose of the mobile app.
Don't bother. I used this a few years ago and it worked but was cumbersome and ugly.  Now I can't even Activate Banking log in. It just keeps telling me that I haven't entered all the information.  Apparently this has been broken since March now it's October and nothing has been done about it. Useless service. Useless app. Wish I could give it no stars.
Slow and unreliable App is pathetically slow and unreliable. Its linked to webpages which don't always open. They should have used better programmers and created a quick app which pulls data from their databases and not direct to webpages on their server. That would make the app a whole lot quicker. This app is as bad and unreliable as their internet banking site. Nedbank just can't compare to the other 3 banks.
Can't activate the app Keeps telling me to fill in all fields when I have filled in all the fields with a  correctly The app is basically useless. Either get the app right or make the website responsive but do something because the user experience is terrible Check the Capitec app what a pleasure
I should be giving this thing a no star, has anyone at Nedbank ever used this app Its terrible besides the hideous UX I can't even login it keeps saying 'enter value in all fields'.   let me stop ranting I just miss the FNB app I can't believe a bank can publish such junk to its customers who fork out cash expecting seamless banking, at this age nogal....  Savvy savvy savvy I wonder who uses this thing and how. Hhayi man Nedbank just hire the guys who developed the FNB app please.
So south african Ned bank together we can do more...and as a bLack person standing with whites agnst this app is an rmbarrasment....nw tht i gt yr attention Listen i hate the fact that u treat me Like a king to upgradr my debit amd when i do i meet this crap of an app yes crap...oLd mutuaL as weLL has the same thing...and when one goes inside your bank its the same thing ...peopLe compLaining...so if im so duLL i wonder hw yr it are.....mxm even regret giving a star
Not working on my mobile device S6 edge.  At preenrollment screen its prompting to enter the details like Passport no, Country Code, email address. But at Country Code column i cant enter any character. Please can anyone suggest me how to solve or this problem. If its a bug or issue with the App can you please fix it.
You guys you a big banking company but u stl publish something that doesnt work make things happen
Keeps saying enter all fields Never the fastest app but worked adequately till I had to reinstall it.now it keeps saying that all fields marked with a  need to be filled in regardless of the fact everything is entered correctly. Reading the other comments this is a regular problem, yet I can't seem to find a single example of a reply from the developer. If I can't access my account conveniently I may as well just move to a bank with better access.
Every time try to log in keeps saying the app functionality is offline.I'm uninstalling it now. I'm over this app.
Does not work. Keeps asking me to put the correct details in all the fields marked with an asterisk, even though all the details are there in all the required fields. Why don't you fix this already
Niks happy Die ding werk nooit. Wat die fken punt pm iets te maak wat nie werk. Druk dit dwars.
Disappointed This is one frustrating app. Keeps giving me errors.  Keeps saying all fields not filled when I clearly filled them. Had my pin changed numerous times even got a temporary pin at the bank.  It only allowed for a 4 digit pin when I tried to get a permanent pin. Then try to log in the app and says it requires a 5 digit pin. I've given up. Please fix your issues
Activate Banking Not Working, It keeps saying enter a value in all marked fields with  continuously after entering everything correctly. Just cannot activate banking.
App issues Similar problems as other people. Used to use this app fine on my old phone. Whenever I download it, I can set up my profile but as soon as I try to activate my banking I experience issues. I fill in all the required fields but when I click submit it tells me to enter values into the required fields. This is extremely frustrating, and I have tried multiple times to uninstall and reinstall but it doesn't work.
Worked well then...... It was good but now it just says I'm off line all the time. Please fix
Can't login App keeps asking for logins even though they've been provided. Why can't we get this right So many people complaining about it. Same credentials work fine on my other devices.
Frustrated This app worked perfectly before. Downloaded it again, typed in the correct banking details and it keeps saying that I should enter the correct details. I enter the same details on the main site and it works.
