Login issues I'm doing my first marathon in 4hrs. I've registered 6hrs ago and never received any confirmation. Please assist Urgently
Not many functions Cant track claim. Cant add other products. AT accidents no function to choose if its a traffic officer attending the accident scene.
Useless Have downloaded and all password show as incorrect. Have requested several. Click on the trouble logging in button  it takes you to email but no email address... waste of time  data
Poor design Poorly designed app. User experience needs to be improved
Login issues Registered,  never received confirmation code. Now tried to reset password never received email, cannot troubleshoot as no email is provided. This is incredibly frustrating.
Awful app Downloaded it for the be safe feature and tried testing it from airport to home location. It can't find my start location, it can't find my end location and it's very unusable. How did you do usability tests with this app It's the worst app I've used in years.
Doesnt work Password sent to me doesnt work. Account block and cant email anyone for help
Invalid email It keeps telling me invalid email when i try to register. Please assist...... Two weeks later and no reply and still cannot access the app..... Really crappy Santam
Passwords don't work I registered, got emailed a password,  copy and pasted it  was told password incorrect. Same for the password reset
I  downloaded and registered but it's keep saying invalid password and email
App is useless Will uninstall did not work at all. Useless and not worth it.
Waiting for forever to get a confirmation  e mail.
Password supplied don't work The innitial password supplied via email does not work.
Bad bad bad Ds is die slegste app wat ek nog gesien het. Hulle verskaf die password dan word j vertel j ht die verkeerde een . Ds blok hulle jou dan. Ag nee mense moenie die app gebruik nie j mors jou tyd en data . Probeer liewers iets anders. Dt was nou n teleurstelling.
Wish I could access it After I register...I don't get emailed the password.  I've tried several times with no luck...
Santa app Maps not updating. Would prefer permanent tracking option by guardian.
Does not receive the correct location via my GPS. I tried it again. Says my wife is at a shopping centre and when I called her she was 20km from that location on her way home. App does not work
No use None of the passwords I received worked when I tried it. A waste of time.
Not working properly Can't show map and guardian can not see where you driving
Poor app Can't load beneficiaries and the app doesn't keep your destination once you exit the app
Ill efficiency 1. Guardians aren't able to see where you are driving when on your journey. I don't think it is functional only receiving a notification at the beginning and end of a journey. Then you May as Well text each other.  2. The auto choosing of the beginning of the journey isn't accurate.  3. Adding a guardian is a mission.
App has lost my guardian The app worked ok the first time this morning but now it's lost my guardian and it won't allow me to invite a guardian again.
Unable to register I've tried numerous times to register but it keep saying error. I uninstalled it and tried again but to no avail.
Cannot add a Guardian on the Be Safe option Myself and my wife cannot add each other as guardians. The one automatically declines the other. Once I was able to add my wife as a guardian. After logging out and in again she was no longer added as a guardian.
