Not worth the money Used to be good, but lost everything with the 2012 update to 4.0 if I remember correctly. Now I'm mostly using Explorer Pro. For a free alternative, check out ES file Explorer. Or just about any other explorer on the market  it'll most likely be better than ASTRO.
Before you buy Just be aware that the main app has been updated to be as unfunctional as the developer can possibly imagine. Its as if he has declared war on his clients. Furthermore he will not explain himself at all or listen to clients. He doesn't even update the change log.
Suddenly stopped working I downloaded the free version and bought the Pro key for my HTC Desire. However, after installing the latest firmware from HTC which wiped the contents of my phone, it suddenly deems the key incompatible with my HTC Desire  even though I can download and use ASTRO without problems I honestly feel quite cheated about that, and wished I never bothered buying it. Certainly won't recommend buying the Pro key.
Disaster The pro version no longer works  no meaningful response from developer  had to purchase alternative backup software. Galaxy SII
NOT S3 Unfortunately the pro app version does not work on the galaxy S3.  It was the best app of its kind on my galaxy S2 but on the S3 the interface doesnt change after purchasing the key.  The real insult is they never got back to me about the problem even after 8 emails.  Out .
Latest version broken Thank goodness for titanium backup...do not upgrade the latest version blows, search is useless, so slow and obnoxious.
KitKat ES has fought with it until their file manager can write the SD card, Astro has not. After all the slowdowns when they upgraded to the new version, and now the slowness to update and fix problems, why didn't I just go with ES to begin with and save a few bucks
Too many hoops I was excited to see the update, I thought they finally fixed the places bug on tablets. Wrong So I cant file browse because of a places screen thats impossible to move or disable, the start up sceen can no longer be disabled. I just want a file manager not a bunch of crap that gets in the way.   I'm done I wish I could get a refund for the key, which by the way says, Your device isn't compatible with this version, really ES file explorer here I come.
Cannot Download Key No matter what I do eg. Uninstall, Clear Caches, etc I still receive an Error 403 Unable To Download.
Used to be the best app Recent update is bad. Please correct it. The app closed it self  showed an error when try to open external SD card. PREVIOUSLY WORKING GREAT
Muy feo  Very ugly Es buen file manager, pero esta horrible comparado con otros file managers que ya tienen el look  feel ms actualizado como Solid Explorer.  Good file manager, but very ugly compared to other file managers with a modern look  feel like Solid Explorer.
I hate the new version Used to love the old version, really disappointed by the new one. Where the hell are all the functionalities gone Miss especially the one of adding a group of song files to a playlist. How do I manage a list of shortcuts to my favorite folders as in the past Full of disappointment
Very bad, I purchased and downloaded Astro file manager pro but it wasn't in my Cell phone and no Icon there is no way to open it.  lourds
Useless on LG Optimus Pad Useless on LG Optimus Pad, it can not see USBDISK event I bought key for pro version. Customer service is also worse. They have never reply my email about the bug of Astro with my GSlate. I feel dissappointed and like I were robberied when I found out the free app named File Manager HD is easy to mount my external usb disk.
New upgrade terrible... I used to rate this five stars but the recent upgrade is terrible. Until the latest upgrade, this was the single best file manager out there.  The recent upgrade took away some if the most useful features... Look to some of the other reviews for specifics, but be warned... back up the old version in case you don't like the socalled upgrade. Thankfully, I was able to revert.  Version 3 is five stars Will review again on further updates.
What The Hell I've been a long time satisfied PAID customer for a very long time. and today when I opened your app, I got a FULL PAGESCREEN You can't do anything else AD, I Fkn Hates ADs that's why I pay for all my apps. WTH is going on. You get a Minus One Star for that
Bad Where are the promised themes This app is not in line with the latest Android guidelines regarding options button being available on screen, I can't even get to main settings button... Swiping the screen takes unusual amount of effort, over 50  of screen needs to be crossed, not optimized for large screens. I paid full version, this is just unacceptable
ICS update a mess The new UI is onerous and ugly. Does not apply  save folder view settings.  Running on my phone still stuck on 2.3 Gingerbread Astro is as good as ever  easy to use, pleasant to interact with. Running on my tablet ICS, it makes me wish I hadn't paid for the pro version.
Downloaded  installed 3 times on droid x....doesn't work and zero response from email tech support. Don't waste your 
Disappointed... Was a great app. Latest updates broke the SMB. Now accessing anything requiring a usernamepassword crashes the app hard. Clicking go to the programmers website produces a 404 error. Will find another option. Shame too, I paid for the SMB plugin.
No support by developer.  DO NOT RECOMMEND No response from developer. Buggy when copying from Dropbox. As well, does not work with Microsoft Onedrive properly.
Ads on paid version I originally have this 5 stars until I realized that they paid version still has a full screen ad that appears all the time.. I'm considering writing the developers asking for a refund
Much better apps available It is difficult to find anything that this app can do completely  and correctly. Don't waste your money.
