Still experiencing Google related images issue I still can't view related images properly when i click on a Google image in a Google image search. I've already reported this on the report a problem option through the browser with the appropriate screenshots. Update This problem has migrated to Opera Beta since today's update
Mokgele It's a degrade from the previous models, we can no longer access Facebook from Opera Mini, nor can we access OLX in fact every platform they chose is useless except for Gmail link.
Used to be my favorite browser. I can take the in app ads , but not frequent and unwanted notifications from the app on the phone notifcation bar advertizing Opera features . I'm going back to Dolphin
Doesn't keep inactive tabs loaded, extremely annoying on infinite scroll sites, they reset to beginning all the time. Cache my a... It's not loading time issue, it's that infinite scrolls reset to front. Also no font size adjustment, really
Everything is good except this thing What's the need to refresh each and every time when I'm switching the tabs It consumes data a lot. And one more thing is one of older opera version loads current page but not all the pages when we re open the opera when opera saved tabs
Doh. Good, bad, good, bad... Please sort it out REPLY I do use Smart Launcher 3 it's awesome, but I think the problem is Google Keyboard. I reverted back to the Samsung keyboard and experienced none of the cut and paste problems. But the Samsung keyboard sucks obviously, so it's not a great work around
Rana Ahmad Total rubbish....  so much ads rubbish....  so much ads...  rubbish....  so much ads ....   rubbish....  so much ads ..... rubbish....  so much ads .... rubbish....  so much ads ..... rubbish....  so much ads rubbish....  so much ads .....
Tried to stick with it... I hated the 2nd last update.  It crashed all the time, took way too long to open, and was horribly sluggish and continually froze.  I waited to see of the next update would fix these issues because I love this browser.  Sadly, it did not.  Its not worth the frustration.  Regrettably changing browsers.
So slow after update  Fault STILL NOT FIXED Interface runs fine. The initial load of any page hangs for a good 10 seconds. Firefox walks allover opera with the turbo and adblock addons
