Makes my phone lagfreeze Ever since I updated my mxit which was running mostly smoothly my phone lagsfreezes every few seconds when I type. This makes it extremely irritating to use. Please fix this. I like mxit in general, but this laggingfreezing is irritating the living daylights out of me. To add to this, multichat groups are glitching as well.
Need improvement Version 7 doesn't work very well on tablet....I can't even exit from the group. Work on this. Im bored cz I'm getting messages of the group I don't like anymore. So please.....
Delete this shit Everyone shud seriously delete this total pile of shit.  What on earth are all these stupid aps about. Do they think we are all bored stiff. Mxit was made with chat rooms. Try find one. What a stupid pathetic mess up of a apo what was great. EVERYONE DELETE IT.  THEN THEY WIL LISTEN
Used to be great app Mxit used to be a great app.. Now its running for about 5 min and then constant not enough memory to run mxit and app exits.... Lately it does not send messages. Sometimes it sends but mostly it doesnt.... Have to try and resend it 10times and maybe it goes once. Some even show sent... But it wasnt recieved..... How about trying to have a conversation like this with mxit support.... That will help Just an idea....
For the older versions Everything was fine until an update a while ago, now i cant send media through mxit and nor can I change or set my profile pictures
Why can't we save chats and have text colour Older versions of mxit was better ..... Can't save a chat and can't set text colour or text size ..... Fix this and I might rate it higher
Change of smileys is needed Hey guys app is really good pls make the Smileys emoji's better or similar to watsapp pls don't try wit new emoji's we neither like it nor we feel nothing for those. Hope will see the changes ASAP. Thank you.
Profile Pics I'm using an Xperia M2 Aqua and for some reason I can't seem to upload a profile photo, it constantly fails. Please fix this.
Used to be epic I used to love this app. Now, it sucks. Mxit's development team need better experience, simply put. Cant login since last night and cant retrieve my password, after having tried password recovery messages i came to the conclusion that every1 on the MxitTeam as they call themselves, are either drunk, asleep or just an idiot
Rather get WhatsApp We all know that WhatsApp is the goto app for socializing on mobile but still does not have text formatting. Props for actually having that here on Mxit. This app was my childhood. Now it's pretty much dead. I don't know how you guys did it... But this app actually lags. I would love if the damn stuttering could be fixed so I can use this to send coloured messages to my friends truly the only purpose of this app right now.
Can't change picture I can't change the picture. I think it's because of the connection but when i switched to fast connection, it's still the same. Please fix soon. And also, please add delete button for Newsfeeds. Btw, newsfeeds come twice for our own updates, but the others' updates are not.
How the heck do you invite someoneall it does,is search you cant add manually The older version was much better
Problem with everyone No one like the new mxit make a app for downgrade for older v.
Doesn't Work Do you ever plan on fixing this app
Urgh Mxit is literally getting crappier with each update. I now have a 23 second lag on my keyboard every time I try to type...
it cool but sucks U CANT BUY MOOLA SO CANT PLAY CHEST OR FARMWARS. FIX IT NEED MOOLA ON MY MIXT FIX IT BEFORE 12OCTOBER
