My Camera is failed This situation is makes me worry about my device. When i want to take a picture in this app, the picture is stop and ask me to reboot the device. Not only that, when i want to take another picture in my camera app on my device, my camera is failed. I don't know what must i do now. I have tried to clear data camera 360, but it's not change. Please give me a response with this situation. If, you give me a response and it works, i'll promise to give 5 stars.
The awful aspect ratio I hate the new aspect ratio. Please bring back the old one and I will give 5 stars
I really love this camera app. Dev pls fix it. It won't run in my asus ZenFone c.. dev i love this app pls fix it.... thanks...
Poore conection I use to like this app , but last week I upgade my phone n I saw my 360 cam cloud pics r not showing last 3 mnth bakup pic ,I cn c my old data till June n after October data only..360 behaving very weird..
Mirror camera disappear Pls bring back Mirror Camera function. Before this app revamp, there was Mirror Camera function. Now it's gone.  Like the new flash for the front camera. 
Preview of effect I prefer last time setting more as we can change the effect during taking picture. But not choose the effect after taking the picture.
Irwin Why camera360 the last update make me lazy to take photo cause the editing must after take picture.. its not simple... i miss my camera360 the old version..    .
All captured pictures are DARK  That's after the update. Before the update, when i take a photo, i dont normally use the flash because it appears perfectly fine. But right now, when u r about to take a photo, it looks perfect, but when u already capture it, it appears very very very dark  Uninstalling for now. So disappointed 
it's the best camera software  ever.  but...when I try to use filter for editing pic camera 360 sudden shut down. pls fix this.
Can't view album in landscape Can't view album in landscape Old version would switch from portrait to landscape when phone was rotated. Very disappointed. Please fix this Droid Turbo
It not responding My C360 icon is replaced by android icon And cannot opened It always C360 is not responding. Please fix it. And i'll rate better Thankyou
It's telling me that it unexpectedly crashed av been trying to use another downloaded version to no avail This app is wack
Hope it can support landscape mode on your next update. Then, i'll give you 5 stars 
