A Mess.... Really disappointed in this app for my Samsung note 4. It crashes  very limited in what's available compared to on apple. Sad I always used this app will be finding something better
Refund Requested What a joke. Yes, it is a good app. But no directions on inserting backgrounds strike one. Strike two, no new updates planned for Android. Strike three I assumed by purchasing I would have more access to additional fonts and backgrounds. Nope. Those cost more money. And, even if I wanted to spend more there are no directions on where to purchase just a pop up where you click Thanks. So I guess you pay for the app in order to have the option of purchasing more content Bleh. No.
Weird I've installed this app on my Ipad about 4 months ago, and just fell in love with the results. It came with far more options of filters than the version I downloaded now on my phone. I have no idea why they changed it, but having 6 filters make the app useless. Don't waste your time downloading it if you don't have an apple device.
An ugly mess Generic app with little control over customization and limited features. Deleted after 20 min..
Very nice app but hungry for  This app is perfect for bloggers , to beautify your pictures. It would be awesome if I could upload my watermark lol that way I can do all the pics of my blog on my phone. Now to the bad side, It cost 15.85 to buy the whole appYeap I summon all of the in apps  that's a lot for an app, don't be so money hungry, you have a blog and others ways to generate ..I would rate 5 when this app doesn't cost me an arm and a leg.
Notify buyers about your situation I read on your website that there will never be an update for Android ever again. Unfortunately I only found this after spending an hour or 2 trying to figure out how to replicate some of the effects I've seen others do. If you are unable to ever make another update, it should be front  center in your Play Store description. I wouldn't have wasted my money on this app if I had known, I feel pretty ripped off. I will be requesting a refund.
Slow and Boring I'm genuinely sad I paid for this app Does not have very many features, unless you're willing to pay for all of the extras. It's also really slow when applying filters. There are free editing apps that work much better and are now fun then this notverybeautiful mess.
Professional looking and simple Easy to use with cute options for a professional look UPDATE keeps crashing before I can finish and nothing is saved at least 10 times and after reinstalling. I can't even finish adding pictures 
Fine but limited Doesn't stand out among other editing apps. The designs are pretty but limited and fairly generic. The app itself is pretty clunky. Needs more scope and a smoother interface.
Cute but... I paid for the app but I don't see how great it is to pay for it. I had pretty doodles but that's about it. You should add more of what you offer to at least compete with free apps.
Can't create solo image Every time I open a beautiful mess lately,  I cannot select the solo image option.  It will only let me create a collage. Immediately after selecting solo,  the app closes.  HELP
