Complete crap vs the iPhone version nothing backs up the backups don't work out can't read the files and the presets are all screwed up
Used to love this until it stopped working with update No longer calculates correct mileage for favorite trips. Goes to the wrong page when entering in mileage. Frustrating.
Where are the promised updates This app is great on IOS and unusable on Android. No scroll wheels for setting time and kilometres, no ability to restore .mbdata file. Please fix.  After updating to Android 6.0 app stopped updating origin trip values and jumps into setting screen every time you want to enter the trip values or new destination.
Update rates not working Rates are not updating and i can no longer enter new trips. Every time i try to enter mileage for a trip it takes me back to the presets page to update rates. Please fix ASAP. I rely on this app for work. Been using without problems till now since February. Running Android 5.1.1
FINALLY FIXED graphics bug, but new bugs The new additions are good but now when you hit new trip or miles or add destination it goes to the wrong screen
Android 6.0 Support Need android 6.0 support please
Full of bugs on Android 5.1.1 Screen jumps trying to input mileage, new trip values all F'dup Still no cloud backup options
Haven't made it through the setup yet but first frustrating thing is why do I consistently have to click save.  If I made a change to the text box you can just assume I meant to and save it.  Remove cancelsave buttons and just have a revert button. This app is setup like a desktop app when I click back on phone I lose changes unless I clicked save first.
No cloud backup I have been using this app for over 4 years and there hasn't been much change.  My biggest problem with the app is that I can not back up the data to google drive, dropbox or anywhere.  The app backs up to my phone but you have to back it up manually and if you lose your phone or if your phone dies you're screwed.  I was told that cloud backup was coming but that was over 6 months ago.  Pretty weak and slow development.
Developer won't fix app App won't work properly since last update. I've sent numerous reports of problem to developer with no result. Very disappointing.
Constantly crashes. Look elsewhere at this point. Can no longer use. Developer not updating Android the same as IOS. Just getting worse and worse.
No good for android App worked for Windows phone. Nothing but trouble for android. Loses logs and crashes like old people.
Android version not as good as iOS I liked Milebug on my iPhone but the Android version isn't as good.  There is no reordering of vehicles or destinations. It insists on displaying tenths of a mile which is unnecessary,  and uses alphabetic sort order to set priorities. None of these problems are in the iPhone version. Not sure why the Android version is halfassed. Don't waste your money.
One of the worst buy UI feels old and not as simple as it could be and haven't seen one update in 5 months. There are other better apps handling both journal and tax out there. Don't waste money here.
Not impressed. Unfortunately, this app is second to a simple pen and pad. Needs an automatic mode before its useful.
