Expensive and basic info The app is just ok, I don't think this make a difference in my baby routine, it is information that you can find in internet. Also, very expensive for its functions. I wouldn't buy again.
Not impressed at all Not impressed with the set up of the app or the app itself. Definitely needs work.
Nice content, poor execution Getting Unrecoverable data error both randomly and many times in a row.  Doesn't seem to play nice with Marshmallow.  Or the Nexus 6.  If the dev would give us a backup capability, I would raise one star for not having to reenter all of my data every time.  This is NOT a security issue.  The app is just poorly written.
Migrated to iPhone Hi I changed my phone recently. I bought this app via my android. How do I install this on the iPhone without paying for it again Editing to give one star as there is no response. Edit 2 I appreciate the response. However, this sucks and hence just 1 star. The info in wonder weeks is good, but still a looooong way to go in terms of adding features to the app, like alarms or reminders etc
Unrecoverable data error I had to uninstall the application and reinstall as well as entering all the data again  What a pain Now it's just having the same error continuously 
Due date Only has an option for my baby's due date, not the actual day she was born
I just downloaded this app. It won't let me put in the actual date my baby was born
Regret buying it After hearing other mums say they really like this app, I thought I would buy it. But... I really don't like it. It doesn't give as much info about baby's development, as I thought it would. And you can easily find this information online, without having to pay for it.
i can't use it When i open it and tap add a child. the application is unfortunately stopped. i buy for this and i can't use it.
Used to work Cannot select any of the options in the hamburger menu
It's stopped working after the update and I paid for this app.. I used to love this app and then after it updated it will not work at all....
