Cannot save or share I am using HTC 816 and after creating a  picture it does not allow to save or share in instagram or any other app. There is no point of this app if it does not allow to save or share.
It Doesn't Work I have experienced the same thing as Sarah Elizabeth.  I am uninstalling it.  Maybe at some point in the future I will try again however, I don't really need it.  Maybe too I'll find another application this actually works the way it's supposed to work.
UGH NOO Ugh I got on there and it said welcome then it said swipe to continue so I swiped it and nothing happened so I swiped it again... Nothing happened please fix this
Def needed but..... It needs a lot more.  There are many and much nicer collage makers the only thing that makes this one appealing is the fact it is already ingrained into Instagram...  if it wasn't for that I would not have it even downloaded.  Looking forward to an update.
Can't save or share collages. Title says it all. When I Save collages and try to post them, I get error messages for every option. When it saves the collage, it literally goes nowhere. The picture isn't saved at all, so this app isn't performing its single function.
It doesn't work When I pick a photo and I try to use the mirror option or any of the other options it won't show up.
Image quality consistently bad. The overall editing and border movement capability seems okay. Browsing is pretty slow though. But I have to go back to using Pixlr's collage mode anyway, since Layout makes it's final images details corrupted as if they were shrinked, saved and enlarged again. Smooth lines become somewhat pixelated, fine details diminish. Had to test many times, and I'm positive it's broken. Please, check image quality and fix the rendering, if possible. HTC one S. 
Constant freezing and force closing I'm not sure if it's because of how many photos I have in my gallery or not but every time I choose the layout option it freezes up and crashes. Photo grid and other apps seem to work just fine. Using samsung galaxy note 3 on Verizon
Its horrible It barely let's you do anything  no rotation no emojis  its not even nice to have just delete this app all the way  TaliaFairley
Not good What if i want 3 pics together u never thought of that or maybe 5 not only 2 and 4
Can't upload more than 9 pictures I want to make a collage to show how much my baby grows each month for the first year, I can't do that with this app because I would need to post 12 pictures by the end of the year. I'm very disappointed
hard to use I couldn't put one picture on a border would only let me use two or more and I think you should add filters but I can't use this app
Swipe to continue. ..Swipe Swipe Swipe....app never leaves the intro screen and swipe doesn't work. PLEASE Correct this issue.
Stuck on swipe to continue screen I keep swim ng but nothing happens so I haven't gotten a chance to use it since I can't get past that screen. I'll will rerate it when I can actually use the app
I can't see all layout options There's only a few options always shown but I know there's more because sometimes if I go back i get a different set. What's up with that
Horrible app. I would expect more from Instagram. There is little flexibility and no intuitivity. InstaPicFrame, with all it's flaws is still better than Layout. Back to the drawing board Instagram
Hard to use I don't like the layout of my photos. Not like they show on their ad. It need a help button.
