It's so different in Android Please work the crop feature  it's always set to  11. Most of the fonts on the iOS ain't here. The fine tuning is hard to use because there are no numbers on the controls. Please make it worth the money we pay for  like the iOS version. Thank you
No where near as good as the iPhone app When I had an iPhone I had both rhonna designs and RD magic which is not on android and I used them ALL the time and could be super creative. But when I got an Android phone I was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. No masks, only 11 crop, not as many options... Just down right mediocre now. So sad, don't download and waste your money.
A bit of a rip off You purchase the app and you get a handful of frames and fonts. Everything they show in the examples are things you have to buy in addition to paying the 1.99 for the app. None of the stickers are free...not even a few. I wouldn't recommend it.
Waste of money Disappointed. Spent 1.99 for this app and i cant do anything with it. In order to get fonts and stickers you have to pay more money And i cant seem to find a way to have a white or colored background.  I always have to use a picture. Waste of time and money.
Android Issues. I loved the app when I had an iPhone. I used it daily. I recently switched to an android phone. I love my phone, but hate the android version of the app. It would only allow me to have one setting for my photo crop, and I could only put images on the crop  no words. I feel like this was a waste of my money.
Why do we not have full functionality Not the same as the Apple version Where are the different crop ratios Where can I pick a background instead of a photo C'mon guys, why not treat us the same with a proper app...
Waste of money... The Android version of this app is worthless. Basically you can crop and add text. A free app can do the same and more ie. Photofy. Everything else requires inapp purchases. EVERYTHING ELSE. Not worth the money. Heading back to Photofy.
Forgot about us Droids I would rate this five stars but the reason I bought it was for the candy filters. Turns out Androids don't even have that option because it's in a different app only for IOS.   Then I look into it further and saw that they aren't even plans to make it for android. So I'm feeling a little hurt, we all pay for the app, but don't have the same abilities.
Pictures dont save the way the look in the app. it just doesn't work good, definitely not for Android.
Still doesnt work Oneplus One will not launch Rhonna. Keeps saying Rhonna has stopped working
It wont let me download it It keeps saying it cant download because it wont do it in the area that it wants to do it in. Pls help
Not worth the  Very limited selection, and worst part is you can only use 1 photo at a time. It doesn't allow for collages or multiple photos in one design. There are better free apps available.
If you have had this on iOS, this will be terrible I have iOS devices where I have all of Rhonnas products. The Android version is poor in comparison, with only half the features. Poor attempt.
