ThisIsKatsMom Well I've seen this app on my daughter katherine's stuff and thought it'd be good to use... However since I've downloaded it... it'll allow me to start editing a photo then in the middle of me using it... it'll just close out all together and I'll have to start all over... it's happened every time I go to use it... I haven't even been able to finish a pic because of that reason.... is it just me or is there something wrong Would like to use the app to the end.... UNINSTALLING...
Like WTF It was all good before. You're in the middle of editing then suddenly it stopsfreeze like WTF Sometimes the pic doesn't appear. Though I refresh my phone it still happens. Ugh gonna find another app it's annoying
No Designed Borders The designed borders borders the nonsolidcolored one DO NOT download. And I'd like to use them
It used to be a good app. This app used to be AWESOME, but now I just don't like it. It stopsfreezes and I hate that. I loved the old instasize, it was easier to use and it used to be great. But now it isn't.
You guys screwed this app up completely... The one before this update kills this one... You can't even make the photos have a slanted angle anymore  that's just one of the things that made this update garbage. Please put the app prior to this back.
Video for SamsungAndroid phones There's no video option for my Samsung phone. When I had an iphone, that's really all I used this app for and now it's just pointless. Please add a video feature soon.
You need to be able to edit videos too. Why can not edit videos On your next update, please make it possible.
I have a very important question , why is it that Iphones are the only electronics allowed to crop videos but androinds aren't  Can you guys fix that 
Hmmpf I guess it's useful for resizing things for the most part but that's about it. It exits you out of what you're doing suddenly, it changes the picture on you as well and the text option is unworkable.
It keeps restarting my phone I loved this app but now I hate it it won't let me take a picture fix now
Glitches This app has many glitches which need to be fixed. 1 my phone freezes when it loads all my photos. 2 when I want to make a colleage it only shows one photo. 3 this app it very slow and often crashes my phone. Please fix cause i like all the filters and extras 
The rotation sucks Pictures are automatically upside down and the three finger rotation does not work. Uninstalling.
WHAT IS GOING ON It's failing, it's always shutting down, it didn't do this before. I open, edit, and then choose social media of choice to share it on and then it shuts down. Tech team, where are you
