Inaccurate Distance and steps regularly inaccurate. Speed seems to be the only thing that usually works right. Bought app and it didn't import old data from trial into paid version either. Uninstalling.
Was good Worked perfectly until about a week ago and I had calibrated stride length to accurately match distance of known routes. However now the app only appears to be registering about half the steps taken and is therefore underestimating distance by about half as well. Have tried everything to fix but no success.
Inaccurate Absolutely inaccurate...don't trust any data. A total waste. You do more than 10K steps, yet it counts 510 steps, not sure about calories data either.
Do your own arithmetic. This app's calculatons are incorrect.  Terrible support. Counts steps fairly accurately but calculates distance traveled and speed incorrectly. About 30 high. I have a ticket open with Runtastic since Sept 2014 and they've done nothing about the problem.  Upated to 1.6.2 just recently and the math error is still there.
Galaxy Note 4 issues 53015 The Calorie Counter does not work on the Note 4. Hit and miss app. Have to use Google Fit. Try the free version first.
USED to work ok Paid for the pro to avoid ads. Now I get these video ads that just start playing on my phone when I'm walking. Really taking advantage of customers who paid. And the milage is off. Do adds interfere I don' t know, but I would check milage with Google maps walking and they would be very close, insignificant differences. At least a mile off now on my walks on old routes
It is really cool app i did buy the pro.. But still the counter is messing up sometimes.. After  i submitted my score it changed the steps count to 0 with keeping the distance and duration of the walk..
So i used it today at work and at the end of the day it said I had walked 6900 steps. I check aftet it uploads to runtastic and now the app show i only took 1800 steps. Uninstalling. Sucks cause i paid for the app.
Pedometer Pro wiped out ALL 341,000 steps done this summer, AND yesterday's several thousand steps using this paid Pro version are ALL gone. RIP OFF VERY Bad form to delete everything someone does when they upreally downgrade to the pro version. I want my money back
Worked great until a week ago. Not measuring steps correctly and is not counting the calories.
Use to work Do the same workout and distance but calculates different steps, I run 3 miles and only took 300 steps, what am I a 150 ft giant app used to be good now sucks contacted the group got the run around..whatever thanks for nothing pro version
Inaccurate The only thing that it gets right is the distance in km. Steps are inaccurate and during one session, after 12000 steps it saved only 1229... Not worth the money
Wasted my money In the beginning this app work great with the steps, time,distance. Last two months it has been all over the place. I just stopped using it. Very disappointed.
 I was on a treadmill doing 4.0 but it calculated my speed was 2.5.
