Needs improvement FREE COLLAGE You can't go back to edit pictures and texts so get it right the first time or start over again for every image and text box. Also, you can't zoom or center an image when you add borders, it automatically crops. GRID images won't load in all of the spaces. It didn't save my background and border selections. Did you notice that the grid in the app pic isn't even an option in the templates Way too many ads. Uninstall.
App sucks It'd be a good app but it has too many errors, i would not recommend this to any one
Its cool but.. Every time I try to make a FREE COLLAGE. I try and add more pictures and an add pops up then the ones I had already added were deleted. Restarted one collage ten times until I gave up. The grid worked great. But the free collage not so much.
Pops up side way. I don't have the patients to keep turning it and make them as straight as I can to fit in the grid. Then when I'm finally done. It doesn't save. If I press a stick or background theme I cant take it off. Ugh Really don't like this.
Some bull sht To many pop ups not enough stickers then every time I post pics it never save then the angles are just bad then when I try to move my pictures around it takes a while just to move over on bit so to me hate is a weak word for this
Too many ads I have been trying to do a photo collage for several minutes. Every picture I attempt to add to my collage has about 5 ads for games attached Uninstalled.
Ads are distracting and prevent me from legitimately using the app. Ads pop up every three seconds. Too many the ui is great but I'm disappointed that the creators have made the choice to ruin it by making the app fully unusable.
Its annoying It is really annoying that you chose a picture nd tgen you go to chose another one nd that picture you had is gone too many ads ,,its not worth it at all. Dissapointed
Do you think you can out maybe one more add on it for game's geezzzzzzzz can't even work on my project for the stupid things I'm unistalling
Terrible just terrible 1. way to many ads2.I have to keep going back to my gallery for more that one picture 3.Needs more backgrounds and better frames terrible
Terrible. For every click, there is an advertisement. Annoying. Not worth the hassle...moving on to another collage app.
Harri Too too many pop ups what can take 2 mins had taken me 10 mins due to pop up... deleted app
It's just ok Ok for free, but can't stand ALL the ads everytime you do anything
Anoying ads 1 load sideways, 2 ads pops up at every scene change, 3 pics cant drag and drop from one panel to the next, 4 rubbish apps
Q horrible esa aplicacion no puedo hacer nada con las fotos cada segundo sale applications de juegos.
Plz fix the problem When I am adding pictures it is not shown on my grid or collage so what should I do to solve it please tell so that I may give you five stars I really liked it please set it
To many ads To many ads for my liking and always go back to restart loosing all of the work I did.
To many pop ups Every time I turned around a pop up would show up.  Very aggravating
Ads sucks Tooooo many ads guys, don't download it. There are better apps than this.
Bad When i try to go take a next pic it will remove what i added before keeps doing that don't have time to waits if u guys fix this prob the its OK
Hate it Every time i'm almost done editing my photos it will suddenly stop then the application will close.
not baad plz give us, edit option and remove option.. and in grid collage text does not show, fix these  soon
I dont like dis app It makes collage nyc, but d photos were looks blur...
It wouldn't work and adds pop up every time you hit a button now worth the space it takes up on my phone Don't wast you time
Terrible app Absolutely terrible Pics get added side ways. Can't rotate them. Every time you do a function on the app, a pop up add comes up. Very annoying to say the least
