Not being able to have used it once I got all hyped up but to little or absolutely no avail as I have not been able to use it once and that's maybe for over a year thus its most likely draining my battery sorry something is lacking to make it a practical app.
Gimmick I have registered and can see the app on my phone as well as my Tab and whenever I'm in an area it shows me connected to Always On but that's it. Nothing else, I can't even update my email with the 'free'  data. This looks more like a Marketing exercise.
This app doesn't work at all. Im using Samsung s4 and have been trying to register and every time I get an error message which says my device can not be identified by Samsung.  Its a waste it must be removed.
Does not work Your account can't be registered. Must be because IS is now in control, help us all. Not to start with how crap Samsung phones are, but that is a story for another time.
Rubbish Service Such a crap service  i would never pay a cent for always on. You have to keep switching wifi onoff and logging in every 5 minutes. I now have to 'forget' always on as it is unable to hold a connection with any of my devices.
So 12 months have gone by and now the app finally works alright. Never been able to use it, my account has expired so I can't benefit from this any longer.
Dont understand how some people is happy as can be, and some like me experience problems. I am not able to connect at all. Only get a error message that says that i am not in the wifi range even if i am. A bit dissapointed.  Hope to fix this problem.
Galaxy S5 It doesnt work. I cant connect to ANY always on hotspot with this app. Even after i registered for the 1 free GB per month.
Help When ever I try to login with always on samsung app it says your account has expured but before we used this retarded app method it worked fine and I KNOW FOR A FACT THE DEVS WONT REPLY
Stupid app Downloaded it and just updated one app then all of a sudden it says I've reached my limit cannot connect.
Not automatic It's doesn't connect automatically. I usually connect at vida e cafe through a browser but tried the app. Asks me for login credentials. I never had to provide them with the browser. What do you guys use as login credentials Won't accept my email as username.
Hugely disappointing So, apparently I don't qualify because my S3 was imported from Europe. SOUTH AFRICAN Orange Online Store  extremely unfair.
Can't log on Second time I have installed AlwaysOn and still won't let me register. Please fix this issue as it's the same error message I got 6 months ago
It won't allow me to log in. This app used to work fine, but now it won't allow me to log in. And I still have three months left before my year expires. Please help me.
Premature expiry I've had my phone for less than a year. Registered on the AlwaysOn app for even a shorter period and already my services have expired. How's that possible
Do not download It was working just fine until recently it says cannot reach or there is no hotspot with that name please fix this thing
Does not work This app does  not work for my device Samsung galaxy S6 Egde . It's installed but does not connect
It does not work in my area i cant find nearest wifi  hotspot
Can't login keeps telling me I'm not connected to wifi when I am.  This 1g a month is a farce
Fake Does not give one gig  per month . It gave me 1 gig for one month and then it stops working
Bad Been to various AP's in my area and just get timeouts. Great idea from Samsung pity about the service delivery.
Doesn't work on my S5 Said my phone was not bought in SA, asked for an contact details an no one ever contacted me. Does not work.
Haven't been able to connect at any of the airports this past four weeks Was travelling to Durban, Johannesburg, Bloemfontein and Port Elizabeth this past four weeks and haven't been able to connect at any of the airports hot spots.
Depressed I had the app on 2other Samsung phones and on my S4mini it says it can not verify my device that it was not bought in South Africa...
