This was made for TV or console, not mobile Can't zoom, everything is too small. Even on tablet, this needs to be played on a board or actually be developed for touchscreen. Paid for it, but looks like it was free when it got all these reviews.
It sucks No settings ,  no options   what is more important not possible to save  After 30 minutes playing with my son,  I received phone call, but when I switched back to the game,  it started from the beginning. Want my money back
Can't play. Graphics are too small. I would love to play. It looks good but graphics are so small I can't read anything in the game. Looked .sd though graphics are for full size pc. Paid for nothing. Rip off. And l sort of like pc version.
Disappointed The knock off games are free and more in depth. Can't save, can't zoom. I have never played the board game, but this makes no sense. Why do I lose all my properties when i go on the fast track Why do I magically make tons of money when I exit the rat race Why do I land on downsized spot 4  times every game Why doesn't 1st player get to take advantage of shared opportunities Why no market values on properties Not worth a free download in its current state.
2 stars 1. When I start it it always begin with audio, it doesn't allow me to change the options for it to stay silent forever. 2. Since I have a Galaxy s3, I find it hard to see everything, I have to really stick my eyes to the screen, it doesn't allow zooming. 3. And 3 it doesn't save after I'm done.  All of these makes it hard for me to re play it again since it is so frustrating, since I put money on it I do my best to still make some use of it on attempting to play it.
Great game, Bad app The game is great, but the app needs some work. You are not able to zoom in so you can barely read the cards. It would also be nice if I could play someone on another phone rather than just playing by myself or passing my phone around, but you can't do that.
Lack of updates 1 for not having ability to save. Difficult to check boxes due to lack of interface scaling. Feels a bit thin for the money. Has the dev abandoned it Months and no save...
Application will crash minutes after running Using samsung S3, app will run for a few turn and will freeze, too bad.. , I had big expectations, love the original game
Unfriendly programs The program is made with everything so small. Its almost impossible to read the words. The board is so inflexible. its impossible to read bots cards. You don't learn anything playing this at all comparing to the pc version. Please improve.
Boring The PC version with mouse characters is a lot better and more fun. This version you only see a token flying around the board, no animations, no tips, super tiny text. No excitement when you beat the game.
Causes phone glitches In the last two days I've had the app freeze my phone when it never has before today.  It also caused a glitch where my phone shows an empty battery after five minutes of playing the game, when I had over 60 when I started the game. Great game, but deleting it due to phone glitches. Samsung galaxy note 3.
