Report Spam ruins it. Reported for spam, my account is limited now. I run a few groups and prefer to give fair notice and moderate them in private messages. Apparently, if someone Report Spam buttons you in private messages, it then limits your account. This is a terrible feature that needs to be revised as it is easily abused. Icing on the cake I've waited a month to have my account access restored.
The founder of this company is an ISIS supporter.  Google Pavel Durov and ISIS and you'll agree.  Delete this app from your phone and tablet.  Boycott this app  Spread the word.
Spam block for send message to people from telegram.please unblock me telegram...
It's so slow specially when downloading video or sending a file
faysalpyare
Hard to believe that privacy is a priority for the app as the first thing after joining is to let everyone know I have joined without asking, even if I denied access to my contact list.
Can You Fix This  Why image files such as contact's profile picture on telegram are automatically stored on android gt data gt org.telegram.messenger gt cache  When this happen, it probably consumes more internal storage on a phone that have limited internal storage
Won't even download I've had this on 2 other phones of mine and it works just fine but now on my lg v10 it won't even download. Its not my connection because every other app I've downloaded has done just fine. Can you guys fix.
Not working well in Iran for 2 months its so slow and everything is crashed.I dont even recieve some messages.pls fix it thanks
Android developer This app  does not  give me very simple memory management options like do not download media automatically for specific group our at least delete all or select all for shared medias , I don't need more animation I need more options 
Secret chat gets cancelled frequently Am a huge fan of this app. Till now I never had any problems with it. But recently my secret chat gets cancelled all the time. I don't know how or why. I started secret chats many times but every single one gets cancelled after some time. Please fix this issue.
