It was good but not now.. Every time whenever I want to use fb it creates many problems... after uninstalling always I've to download  install it again before using fb..  it's become very bad.. 
Uc performance Am using mi4i, whenever I touch back button the browser automatically close itself. Please check the issue.
full image size download not working so one star now Facebook full size image downloading not working plz fix this issue, I will give five stars
UC browser really improvement improved I have noticed the latest version works faster than earlier one
i'm giving u 1 star bcoz i have installed it only for downloading which is not working, after clicking on download UC play it not having option of download 
This version is worst. When I'm using it and go to my home and then I start it it will starts from the starting and all browesed have been delted
Downloading speed now great but when I try to download HD video it doesn't show the downloading option from some websites in uc browser mini.
Dislike It's ok. It loads quick and has no issues. but there are some things have definitely needs some improvements on this before I can give it a few more than two stars. When trying to copy and paste things off the browser won't let you do something like that. number 2, selecting ages tends to be more of a problem. It only wants to play videos in full screen mode and does not allow you to deposit and select options from that point.
What,no desktop view  I hate the phone apps if you can't see them in desktop view. NEED DESKTOP VIEW . Sorry,uninstalling.
Hate it Try to see a video in YouTube and the quality of the video is very poor.but  I know it's tiny browser. But I can't see anything properly. But no lag at all that's great
help hi uc is the best browser ive ever used, but now its always force closing because i just rooted my device. how to fix it tq
So basically i still have to reopen the previous web page after i close the app. Also, the text rendering for 50 of websites i went is not adjusted for mobile view.
