Recently changed phones.  Cannot get all of the information from my old phone to my new one.  Any help you could provide would be greatly appreciated.  Once corrected, more stars are coming.  Love the app.
Great if you don't change phones I love this app but I have had to change phones twice and I have lost my info both times because the backup never restores properly to the new device. If they could change this, it would get 5 stars.
Flawed Since switching phones it won't allow me to add more than one account.
Not as stated I cannot run reports or password protect. It is just like the free version
I really don't understand why this app is not working. I am not able to add more than one account. It also is not letting me set a password. This is in the pro version, I even went back and downloaded the beta version and had the same results I understand that the password feature is not available in beta. This app has the potential to be good if it did what is was supposed to do, but since it doesn't it SUCKS I would like a refund
Galaxy 5 user This app does not work with the galaxy s5. I only get two screens, my account and the creditdebit screen. It will not let me put another account in or set the password.  There is NO option to do that. So in opinion it fails. I paid 3.99 for something that does not work on a galaxy s5. I like the interface and I am hoping the publisher will fix this soon. Otherwise I will need my money back.
Missing Feature I like this app with one exception that makes it totally unuseful for me. While the app displays the balance accounting for all transactions it does not display the balance after each transaction.  I have several auto pay bills that I like to post in advance. I also post regular deposits in advance. Sometimes it would be nice to see the balance after a particular transaction before a future depsit might post not the balance after.
Review I do not understand this. The update won't enable more than one account into the app system. Please correct this problem. Remember this is a purchased app.
Not what it promises There is no menu, bo way of entering check numbers, no settings option, no new account option, and no reports that is shown in the image previews. Waste of money.
