Cannot transfer after the update. This is really disappointing. What's the point of the app if you can't use it during emergencies. I hope this gets resolved
Confirmation Not liked it first time I have logged in from old mobile now I have changed mobile so it was not logging n asking to register again what the hell is this n if I try to register it was saying ur req. Could not proceed with same registered no. Fix it ASAP
Doesn't work on dual sim phoneWhen SIM with registered mobile no. is placed on 2nd SIM slot Title explains the issue.Wondering how the app team is not addressing it since past couple of releases
Everything simply rocks bt still 2 stars.. A real big thumbs down.. Coz weneva any amount is being enter or any number it just vanishes away. How to make transfers, recharge. I can put value no where.
Good app but poor update The app is actually good,but the info inside the app doesnt actually refresh. When i add a new payee from my desktop login,it does not reflect in the payee list on the app... this is a major flaw and makes difficult to transfer funds.. please fix at the soonest to get 5 star rating from me...
Bull shit update Very difficult to log in,  always asks for gps enabling,  interrupts in between log In,  so much issues,  not even a single transaction can able to do from last one week ...please correct it
Gets logged out automatically My account gets logged out automatically, have to register again and again. And doesn't get registered due to dual sim phone. Have to take out one sim and then register.
Good cheating Why did you cripple net banking To save costs and get people on mobile banking Your app socks It was a torture registering in a dual sim phone. Why wasn't the use case of dual sim phone considered
After Updates Near Me option its not working I hv intex aqua i7 earlier it is working but after last updates Near Me option its not working in my phone. Its just processing. I hv visited branch as well as customer care but no solutions yet. My day to day transactions suffered
Activation failure Rating for this version I'm trying to activate, app wants to send an SMS. Rather than asking which Sim to send SMS from, this app simply assumes sim1 as registered number, gives 'generic failure'. Turning off sim1, app says 'no service.' Your technical team needs to look into this. Adding 'Select Sim to send sms' option would be nice. Let me know if I'm doing something wrong. It worked on previous version of the app, but then my registered number was on sim1 slot.
Bad update Can't login anymore. Why is location compulsory now. Doesn't move forward from the nearby offers page. Why did you have to destroy a perfect App.   It's been  almost a month   but the bugs  have not been fixed yet. Everyone's facing the same the problems according to the Reviews. So what is keeping you back from the update, though seem to show you care by replying to each review, the answer is the same. Hurry up with the update.
Cheaters It seems that axis bank will provide Rs.250 jabong voucher for registering estatement in the app, but still now I didn't get any such voucher or sms details for registering, please look into it. And don't ever give such wrong commitment in future.
Session expire within second I update my apps and after that when i doing transaction session is being expire within second so i m unable to do transaction.
worssssttt Chutiyaapa hai.... whenever I click on  any thing after log in it gets me automatically log out..and says ur session has expired..  chutiya bank ki chutiya app...
Old wine in new bottle... Again same problem happening.... I m not understanding almost all users are giving same complaint which is not allowed to login, just searching near by options... Why u ppl are not rectifying it... Simply asking to send screen shots which I already sent... There is no use... I m sending it again let's what action u t going to take...
Don't Lie Axis representative for opening Salary Account  There is no charge to use other Bank ATMs. In oct. Axis deducted approx 700 from my account for using other ATMs. But the fact is I hv nvr used that much nd even if I did, there should be no deduction. When I call cust care they ask me to contact branch and when I contact branch they ask me to call cust care. This is so frustrating. Plz stop lying to people just to make them open account with you.
Doesn't activate account It doesn't activate account after proceeding sms. It always prompt that your session has expired. I have tried 7 time and in every attempt SMS charges have been deducted and app did not get activated.
Another piece of junk Piece of crap just does not connect.  Have to try multiple times before it connects. After it connects slow as hell. Do you understand the meaning of load testing  Go back to the drawing board and rearchitect the app.
Unable to login, it prompted  me to shake for near by offers. Also my location is on only. Still not working. Please kindly fix the bug. I already off check it but it is continually giving  me option check the GPS settings. It is very irritating. I am doesn't able to do my important transactions. Even my internet banking also I can't seen my registered payee there and when try to register payee it's giving a alert payee already registered. How many days to resolve these bugs. Months r years.
Seriously Can't login to the app after update, wasted a lot of balance in SMS trying to register again. This problem is being faced since almost 2 months. You don't give a fk about customer service. This is very clear from all the reviews below which state the same problem. I have used HDFC, ICICI and now Axis, but Axis mobile app is the best among all. But this will happen only if you fix it and let people use it.
Crap....application Whenever I am opening the app it's only showing shake for offer and not allowing me to do do anything. Total disappointment.
To login each time I must have my phone and Internet active on it, dependent, heck Each login I must have my phone with Internet active on it. Heck, after activating Web secure it became so tricky and dependent on phone and Internet. Please provide alternate to this design. There should be provision to generate OTPs on computers.
NEARBY OPTION HAS KILLED THIS APP tell me if u r nt fixing it. Such a terrible bug which doesnt allow u to login. it is bein continuously reportd to u bt its nt being fixd permanently. Useless
Really disappointing The whole UI is looking terrable in Sony Xperia M .FOnts are overlapping etv etc. Cant use it any more
Full of bugs When the net is on its is automatically going to near me option.  I can't able to login
