It's been GREAT until now ... Note 3 I have depended on this app until just a day ago.  It will not open on my Note 3.  Email to dev has so far gone unanswered...vey dissatisfied customer herr.  Hope a fix happens soon or will have to delete  try a different app.  Anybody out there having similar problems
Good but laggy. I paid for this some time ago and it works great for being a simple checkbook app that's easy to use and read. But I do experience a great deal of lag from hitting enter and waiting for it to input the info. I have emailed the developer 4 times and no response yet. Lowered my rating since dev doesn't want to respond.
DO NOT BUY I enjoyed the layout of the free app, but the ads were obviously annoying and decided to buy it. Almost immediately after purchasing the app would crash and has still not worked ever since. I reported it weeks ago and haven't heard anything. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY
Don't waste time or money with this app AWFUL APP CSV ImportExport features does not work at all.  Also, no response from the developer when I email to inquire further I wasted paying .99  However, I found a much better check register app....  you will be disappointed if you get this one.
Do not use this. Bought the paid for version. Synced to Google Drive, or so it said. Had to reset my device for battery reasons. Reloaded app. Tried to sync from Google Drive. Ha. It says I'm sorry. Won't recognize my password either. Has other glitches. Good idea. Just unfinished, unattended.
Simple checkbook. I have only used this a couple of weeks .I purchased this app it worked great at first now it has crashed would not recommend it for purchase.
Crashes I used to love this app. I used it for a year then it stopped working. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and that still didn't work. Won't even let me open the app. I purchased this one in hopes it would work but it is still crashing. If it wouldn't crash I would rate this 5 stars
Login error I just downloaded the app and can't use it. It keeps flashing a sign in screen. It flashes on and off so fast I can't even push cancel. What is it even trying to sign into I would like to fix this..
Very Disappointed 3 months after purchased it stopped working and will no longer open. Lost all my account files, as they are in the app
No support Have been sending emails to developer about a problem. No response. I guess users are on their own. Has some very nice features though that I have not found elsewhere.
Stopped working I loved this app. I have been using it for almost a year. I have tried other ledger apps but this one is the best. I have relied on it for my monthly planning. Now, all of a sudden, it doesn't work. It won't load my accounts. I uninstalled it, cleared the data, even paid to upgrade thinking it would work again and it hasn't. Such a disappointment.
Would give less than one star if could This app will not sync between devices. I could not figure it out and I am very tech savvy.  The menu interface is garbage. Hate having to put in a password every time I open it and can't change that option.  I am in a hurry when I enter transactions I already have a pin on my phone. Why is a password required on a checking ledger
Started out great, then went downhill I first downloaded the free app, then went ahead and paid for it. I was not able to sync with the Google Drive and find my 'docs'. I sent the developer 2 emails and got not a single reply. I see many good reviews, but without any support, I cannot give one. If you don't need to sync with Google Drive, andor want to use this on more than one device, then it's probably just what you need. For anything else, go somewhere else.
No accounts It keeps deleting my accounts and all of my saved reoccurring transactions.  I'm tired of it
Not easy to use Don't really like this one much but didn't try it before I payed for this oh well
Sucked Worked good for awhile now i cant open it because it keeps'crashing
This crashed  on my phone, tried reinstalling it and it still won't  work. I want a tefund. It's  crap.
