I am not able to upload  send  photos to someone thru Wechat for a while. Please fix this issue.....Many thanks
The walkie talkie and share location Help the walkie talkie and share location are keeping automatically open. pls fix this issue. Also, the voice message end sound are clicking after put on earth phone as well. pls fix it as soon as possible.
Can't sign up .. Plz help I downloaded the app and tried so many times to sign up but there was no verification code received via SMS , I even tried to use two different phone numbers for two different companies but still no success in getting the verification code , what is wrong exactly 
Block wechat id How can i block someone to avoid disturbing me  keep chatting with me but i still want that person to stay in my friend list
Its not good.....there are not much things..like we cant change we i.d...even if we want to delete my account then we cant delete the account..its the worst part
Same ugly UI as before Is giving us an Android styled GUI that difficult  Why do I still have to look at this ugly iOS one
No vibration  for notification Hi I'm using Samsung galaxy note 5 and each time a msg comes in the phone does not vibrate even though I hv turned this option on.please could you fix this issue.i didn't hv this problem on my galaxy s3
To many attempts try later why Why i cant send msg while chating with some one try later to many attempts always shows
can't open the app The app keeps on crashing. I can't even open it. I already clear the cache. i can't uninstall coz i have unsaved messages
I wanna give 0 stars. Pls make it possible Always network error. Can't view images, can't upload images. What's wrong with the app
I fed up It's don't work we chat shake to my mobile....its alwys so no result found plz fix the bug as soon as possible ....plz suggest me what to do
old version pls people nearby is not working nobody can see me on people nearby i update it but still getting same problem. plssss help. btw, im using asus zenfone 5.
Cant see new moment These few day , ive been uninstall and install the wechat so many time. But i still cant see my friends updating their new moment. I also got a problem when i going to chat with someone.
Picture shrink I use the app for over a month but just yesterday when i make video call, the video was somewhat shrink. Please can you have idea whats this problem, if this can be solved, i rate it 5.
Can't do video call What happens with thats. I was changed many kinds of card phone. Please explain.
Need auto save media Why hasn't this changed yet Auto save pics to my gallery   Also. New emoji are not compatible with wechat from iPhone to Android
Don't show me in look around When I used my other phone to look around I didn't me in the list of look around, in fact I already did look around on my other phone. Please FIXXXXX I love the feature so much
I prefer the older version. I prefer the older version where u can actually see how many people nearby add u.. And u can see their greetings even when after u add them.. Fix it like it used to then i rate 5stars.
Why i cannot see my moment since last night I dont know whether it's my line problem or wechat.
Please explain i can't see any photo and sight that my friends shared and i can't upload photo either
Unable to load Hello dear we chat team when ever i click on people near by it shows unable to load your location data. Go back and try again m using this on wifi please fix this soon as possible...thnx Amy
Doesn't display friends moments photo Every time my phone need to restart den can see moments photo,my WiFi and mobile data no problem one, my friends Wechat same problem with me.what's happen Wechat server  And upload photo also got problem 
Everytime I make a voice call with headphones, the 'ringing' sound just gets blasted into my ears  please make this quiet or at least lower the volume
Always service access failure Always show me service access failure, please check your Internet setting or turn on mobile data. Bloody hell I already connected to WiFi and surf browser with no problem. Wechat always problems to user.
Hey please fix the problem Update already , my sony xperia android 5.1. Need send voice message just loading only , what wrong it this , I uninstall two time already , wth always need uninstall , waste my time to backup and restore
Can't access A few days when i try to log in my account it shows can't access for network failure. plz try again Though i hv full access of network. What can i do now 
Great for chat I had given 4 stars....but as supported can't be bothered to reply to a simple question really not impressed...very rude to be ignored...was a satisfied user...now not so much..if gets added features such as message received and your message has been read by the recipent I will definately re rate stars...Are you looking at such features to be added...A reply would be polite....
can't backup to cloud or file system in 6.3.7 very disappointed because it meant to be simple feature to built  extract from db into flat text file, gzip, and store locally as zipped archive.
