Kiss your data goodbye Just lost MONTHS of workout history because the app developers couldn't be bothered to make the Android app data backup work properly. They've also provided no way to export the data so I could back it up myself.  I even reported the bug with Google Drive sync MONTHS ago, but they have not fixed it.  They and this app are not trustworthy. If you care about your data, you should write it on PAPER yourself, because these people are too busy to care about your data.
Buggy The tabatas, stappers and customised quick workouts are pretty unusable on my Samsung note 2. For example the quick workouts are fine, but if you make any edits the workout presents only 1x set  of each exercise, I.e. a 2 minute workout. Tabatas and stappers have similar usability issues. Very disappointing compared to the iOS version which worked great but I no longer have.
Edit App stoped working  Terrible new user interface. Well besides the ugly UI now the app has failed completely by crashing everytime i open it. It forces closing.          The new UI looks awful. It should have the option to go back to the previous one at least. It stretches all the images making them distorted, and I really do not want Mark's photographs all over the interface. I would rather have the previous icons. It is so confusing and unclear on how to navegate the app.
Light theme is terrible The new User Interface is really bad Please read the Material Design Guidelines for a proper design and fix this mess. This is a design update done wrong
Exercice detailsvideos not working this app is useless. when u click on exercice its bugged and it goes back to main screen. i paid for this app and i regret it. im on a oneplus two phone
Poorly updated I had high hopes for the recent update, hoping it would solve the crashing problem I have after every rep. Unfortunately it made it worse. I'm so disappointed in this app, especially considering I paid a bit of money for an app to have this app. Please fix, this. This app has the potential to be fantastic if you could just sort it out.
Update failed Was in my training routine for 5 weeks. After automatic update I could not access videos of workouts or pictures. Therefore had to put my exercise on hold. This is a big mess
