It shouldn't be a separate app Why can't we just message thru FB App alone Why an extra appspace taker just to talk w a friend on FB It would just simplify things greatly.
Can't use free call Why I can't use fre call or free video call even I am connected to wifi It keeps showing standard data charges please be advise
Awful Why does fagbook require me to install the separate crappy app It seems every single week there is a new update for Facebook or messenger which I don't see anything new. All these two apps do is increase the megabytes it takes on my phone unnecessary garbage and it's time for me to uninstall it as I don't use it at all anymore.If I could I would rate minus 1000 stars...whatsapp is way better,and don't take up  space like this crappy app
This app is unnecessary I don't get why there's two apps. It's so inconvenient and it takes up SO much space. I don't have enough space on my phone for two separate apps. It always updates and nothing is being changed. I hate how it is required to have this app in order to chat. Stupid. Don't you have enough money
Will delete as soon as the Facebook monarchy falls I am beyond furious that I have to have 2 separate apps to use Facebook. I have avoided downloading it after nearly 2 years in hopes that they would realize this is an inconvenience and a nuisance. I am only downloading this to make ease of commerce with local barter pages. As the title states, I will be deleting everything to do with Facebook the moment it falls like MySpace and others do for something more user friendly.
Can't unblock people If you decide to block someone from contacting you and you have deleted the conversation, there is no way to unblock the person if you should change your mind. The person no longer comes up on searches. When going to the blocked person's Facebook page, the message icon is greyed out and is inoperable. I was hoping after this update this bug would have been fixed.
Won't send messages... I try and send messages to my friends I met a military school and the messages won't go threw. They just say they have been sent but not delivered. I waited a month and a message still didn't deliver. Please fix
Messages no longer integrated Why can't I see my messages in the Facebook app anymore Now I have to open messenger in order to even know they are there. What a waste
Why There is absolutely no reason why there should be a separate app for this and is a cheap way to force users into installing this app so Facebook can make more money.
I don't like this app why need to separate install this app,when I was video calling speak very loudly voice is repeat , not showing people by name or No. By search , not showing call duration, call problem , first unlock phone then call accept. chatting isn't't showing 2nd person, if i connect fb on messenger automatic i lose 4 or 5 or more friends in 1 week or more i mean unfriends hate this app
Grrrr.....stupid updates Please for the love of my sanity are you constantly updating messenger without making any really worthwhile updates Do you do this for fun To annoy us Or are you prehaps slowly trying to cause a mass breakdown in our mental health
I'm unable to use my messenger most of the time as it won't allows me to its annoying comes in and out I can see just the last message someone sent me but when I open I can't see this is driving me nuts and takes so much space
Annoying I don't understand why I have to download this app to chat with people on facebook. This should be an option for people who wants to use but the ones who dont, they should be able to chat on Facebook app It's really annoying.
Can't stand this app It's stupid that you can't send messages without installing new updates, stupid that you can't send messages from the Facebook app either even though they're separate apps, and stupid that my phone keeps giving me threat alerts from this app. Overall this app is completely tedious and...you guessed it....stupid.
Sucks calls always reconnecting, please add option where you can send a copy of the conversations to emails. Can you try ios look please.. I think it looks cleaner than the android look.how about same color as Facebook appgive it a try please..
Great communication app if used efficiently but horrible design. This and WhatsApp are my two favorites when it comes to smart communication. This one is very dynamic and trustworthy while WhatsApp has lighting fast services and a much, much better app design. It's time for Facebook to update Messenger to Lollipop standards. God bless the devs. 
Why two apps I hate this app,  it should be just in one fb app instead. With 2 apps it will drain the battery faster and It takes too much space too
Pointless You literally have to have messenger now. Can't just use your fb app anymore if you wanna talk to anyone.
No video call Hey, truely, i like ur messenger application. BUT the only reason I give 1 star, the lowest, to this is that you uninstall video call feature for my model zenfone 2
Makes no sense. We should be able to message through fb.. Not download a separate app. Facebook is a gigantic file as it is. I don't have to space for something unnecessary.
Why do we neee an Extra app to chat. Why not direct message through Facebook . This is Annoying Me Badly . HATE IT .
Facebook App We should be able to use the Facebook app to message. Sure, have the external app too for those who don't want Facebook on their device but the rest of us hate having to switch apps for what could and should be easily done with ONE app.
It's rediculous that I need an entirely separate app that takes up a large chunk of my phone's memory just to get rid of a messenger notification on the Facebook app.
