No reason to buy it anymore Groundspeak has stopped upgrading this version. Now the free version does way more. Save your money and just get the intro app.
Needs upgrading Paid for subscription in the freeintro but found a trackable while out and wanted to log it. Bought this app and it was useless.. feel like ive wasted money on something that didn't work.
Use free version I downloaded this app so that I log the trackables but you can only visit or drop of trackables that you've already picked up. Any new trackables you cannot log a pick up Also the app is far much clunky compared to the free version Geocaching Intro. It's weird you're running your paid and free app off completely different code bases must be maintenance hell
No material design Why does this app, that costs 9.99 have a worse design than the free one
I can't use the multicache in this one I just spent 10 bucks for this craps the other intro version works better but I upgrade and instead of the original format you give me a different app. I love geocaching but y'all should fix these problems please
Less features The free version has a more modern design and easier access to the map. This feels like a waste of money. If you need something better there are other options in the play store.
Intro app is better than this one. This is a waste of money. The intro and free app is so much better than this. It looks nicer, loads caches faster and in a wider area, and has a much nicer interface. Really wish I could get a refund for the money I spent because I will just be using the free one from now on. So annoying.
Why does the free version now offer more features than this one that I paid 10 for Should be other way around, way to screw that one up..
Honestly I liked the trial better, The map layout is hard to use and I keep having to add the cache's in my area, they should already be there,  alsi cannot access messages
Reducing my rating Fed up of finding TBs and logging them offline only for the log to vanish, does this even work at all Many other reviews state the same. Crashes are regular too. Still the simplest caching app but its also the most unreliable at the moment.
Paid 10 and no update Well. This application is available since a long time, and bought it a month ago to have premium caches. This app has neither been updated nor removed. I gave 10 for nothing.
Free has more The ones you can't access on free are grey. On this one I paid for are gone. Nothing at all. All it did was made the subscription a different price and 3 months instead of 1. Who do I talk to to get my money back. This is meant to be fun, not a rip off.
Not that great Not all caches best me are shown on this app. On the website, there are more caches in my area but the app does not show the same ones. I also prefer the free app to this one but I paid 10 for this so I cannot just leave it.. Just disappointed, expected better.
Not as good as free model Not quite sure why the pay model is using inferior maps to the free model.  Could be just me but seems a bit backwards.
A crap app now This was wonderful and I paid good money for it. Now it's very basic. The advanced search doesn't even work  Give our money back or sort out your app I feel cheated
Ripped Off Bought the premium app and it says I'm basic on the new app, intro app, and website. Waiting on customer support.
Good while it worked, suddenly stopped with no explanation why or how to fix it  pile of crap at the mo
Please fix this app I paid ten bucks for this app, yet your updating the free version and not this full version.  Other home apps are becoming more attractive and easy to use because you guys are dropping the ball.  Fix it please.  It isn't right for you to charge people money for a full app that doesn't run as smoothly and have less tools than the free app.
After the last update, the compass doesn't work.
