COnfused I registered for the ADH after I purchased my device in Nigeria and now I'm  being told that the ADH covers for just south Africa.  Meanwhile when u look up ADH Nigeria on play store it's on the ADH premium that comes up. So what do I do to get my device fixed Cause it would be so not nice asking me to send it to south Africa from Nigeria. Because the cost of sending it would cover for my fixing it on my own if Samsung won't fix it
Galaxy note 4 Telkom Mobile I tried downloading today only for it to say Sorry you are not in the region of which this device was allocated.4 Kindly help. My Fiance uses a Galaxy S5 on Telkom mobile and didn't have a problem doing it today.
Doesn't allow me to download I have just bought a Note 4 and emediately wanted to Download ADH   Why will it not let me download This is highly frustrating
Disappointed Works well if you have an S4 orS5 but good forbid you buy a better phone.. upgrade to a better phone and get less benefits.. took my note 4 in for water damage to be told you only get a screen but had a kept my S4 I would have been covered.. in what world does that make sense
Note 4 Premium Warranty pretty much worthless thank you for letting me know that my very expensive Note 4 has no warranty in my country...while my Note 3 had one less than a year ago. what a joke Samsung....
Registration Problems I installed and put in my number and filled in the form but failed to submit it. Each time I pressed submit it just kept on coming back to the registration screen. Please help
Confused Is this Adh active in nigeria  I just bought a note 4 trying to activate it , it's telling me that the imei for my device does not exist  in the system .
Poor Service I had a screen repair done by Samsung. Then I saw the ADH app that you register for a free screen repair etc... then the app didn't work and i was emailing back and forth after which they said i am now registered and qualified for the ADH which was just a load of bs because the consultant now tells me a different story. This App is bs and the people working for them don't do their homework
I got signed out and I can't sign in again Tells me to sign in and when I do it says my username is incorrect. I tried the forgot password it then send to contact my service provider. I need help with it please. I tried to send an email but it said your email automatically declined it. Please I would like a reply and the mail to send my problems to
Cant register What is going on i downloaded the app completed my details when i press submit nothing happens or it tells me the warranty doesnt apply to my phone i have a samsung galaxy S5. Please assist
It won't let me register I downloaded the app and filled in my registration details. When I click submit, nothing happens.please help resolve before my 30 day validity period expires
This app is not working I keep getting Notice Trying to get property of nonobject in homeubuntudeploymobile01mobilecontrollersSiteController.php on line 40  Talked to someone online chat and couldn't have it resolved. I just want to freaking sign up for ADH warranty
Having problem registering Using a samsumg galaxy s6 edge, tried registering but it keeps telling me that the IMEI of my product does not exist in the system
Bad and terrible warranty service Sent u guys a mail with no reply.  My device stayed at the Samsung care center for 3 weeks with no resolution to my cracked screen. Excuse was no parts available. After getting tired I stormed into the crappy office and got my device out to repair myself. This will be the LAST samsung device I will purchase. NOTE The one star is cos I can't give any less.
Not working for me I just got my samsung galaxys5 on Friday 141114 and I downloaded the app today  171114 but  whenever  I  lunch the  app it says i have used my phone for 30 days which is not so. Please help me resolve this issue before the 30days counts. Thanks
Doesn't work Installed and opened app, it asked to switch on my location finder and that was it. Now what
Cece I have been trying to register my galaxy note 4 on ADH premium to no avail. This error always appears  device not in the allocated region can someone tell me what is going on.
Does not allow registering  of Note 4 to South Africa Tried to run the app on a brand new Note 4 but  it says it's not allowed for this region. Phone was obtained through SA service Provider Telkom.  I have been asked to change country settings SA which doesn't give me that option when resetting phone. Can only choose English South Africa
Need help urgent Hi I'm trying to access my adh account but it says my username is invalid. I've been trying all day. My done screen cracked and my fone is only a few months old.
