Please remove the blurred bars Great app before latest update... sorry about the 1 star folks, but the blurred bars makes this app unusable for me.  Unfortunately Instagram still does crop even though not to a square,  that's no good either... so hoping you add an option to go back to no blur soon.
Update Sucks I was using this app due the fact that I am a photographer. My images are composed and edited to my liking. This new blurred crap around the image is no good for me and my images. Removing the app. You guys have defeated the purpose of having it.
They ruined it Used to be good now I hate it  They have made this unusable  now crops square for Instagram its reason for existence has been removed
Stupid blurred background Use to be awesome now no point in using it, stupid blurred background just a dumb idea on your guys end
Was great until.... LOVED this app until this week. Now the blurry background Saved photos aren't really saved anymore. They save but aren't cropped. Even when shared to IG they look normal and not cropped. Such a shame.
Worst update ever Now I cannot crop or resize the photo, either change the background think of unistall the app soon please fix this.....thanks
New updates suck This used to be perfect. But the new update sucks. You have to choose a background to make the picture to their format. It used to be that you could just upload the picture as is. Please bring back the old format or I will be uninstalling this
Bootsie. This app was rad until the newest  update. Sweet blurred background...  Planning on uninstalling if not remedied soon.
Hate hate hate the new push notifications I really hate that you force push notifications on us. I will be un installing this now.
WERE DID THE IOS EMOJIS GO PLEASE BRING BACK THE IOS EMOJIS INSTEAD OF THOSE DISGUSTING FAT EMOJIS 
Annoying after update Uses push notifications to serve ads, after last update. To the developer, if you want to serve ads, do it inside the app and leave notifications for something truly important. Now I've blocked notifications for this app, and you don't get to show me any notifications at all. Congrats 
Bring back emojiss Ios emojis were great but the update changed them to the fat weird emojis
I Want The Regular IPhone Emojis Back Some Of The Emojis Are IPhone But The Ones We Use Most Are The Ugly Android One. They Should Have Left The IPhone Emojis
No crop I don't like the emojis it's had since it upgraded on my phone but overall it's a good app
Disgusting. Can't post cropped pic to Instagram I crop it, but then it's not cropped on IG. And it's not full size cropped like I wanted to. And also make the Instagram button first, not the button save after editing photos
Get rid of the blurred background image I liked this app but with your removal of the white background and the replacement of it with the blurred background has lost me. Sure, you could fix this issue by tomorrow and all would be well, but I'll already be deleting your app once I find a replacement that does the same thing. I may only be one user, but that's one less you now have, and one more someone else does.
Pop up ads even when not in use This used to be great but now there's pop up ads even when I have the app closed. Uninstalling right now.
Was good until update.. I cant stand the blurred background.. and also it makes the white parts on my screenshots greenish. Uninstalling.
