What a piece of junk. The test alarm to test if it's registering correctly that you are moving in bed is going of continuously, so the app thinks  that I am tossing and turning all the time, even when I am not even in the room, with all the windows closed, so there's no sound or movement whatsoever.  And there is no way to adjust it's sensitivity.  I want my money back 
Does Not Work I have used this app for a few nights in a row and I had major trouble sleeping the first night and it says that was my best night of sleep. I slept good last night and it said that was my worst night of sleep. I am using the app properly and even checked the calibration. The app actually never says I am in deep sleep either. If this app is ever free, I would say download it and give it a shot, but as for having to pay for it, save your money for something that works.
Seen better times Ever since android 5 on marshmallow too I'm unable to delete nights in the app. Something happened and for a while now it's not recording my movement well. Asking for more money for things other app give for free... Considering the fact that I paid for this app, I've had enough...
I really liked this app until This week, it's just stopped working. It freezes my phone, seemingly just before the alarm goes off, and so the alarm doesn't go off. Hasn't woken me up at all in the past week leading to some mad rushes for work. Really disappointed because I loved it before
Tried this for 2 months After trying this app for 2 months, I have decided to use a competing app. Too bad there is no refund on this thing. Suggestions fix the volume of the alarm so it doesn't just get louder and louder, have gradual volume increase up to a set volume, have vibration as the primary alarm, a nap feature, preset wake up time to remind me when to sleep. Basically see what the competition is doing and match it.
Doesn't work on Samsung note 5 I loved this app on my iphone, but it just doesn't work on my note 5.  On the sleep chart It seems the accelerometers are either too sensitive and show light sleepawake all night or the don't record anything and show a flatline.  It's very inconsistent and not accurately reflecting how I slept.  Please fix this and I'll change my rating back to a 5.
No schedule I brought this to replace sleep as android as it was getting to overcomplicated. I cannot seem to find a scheduler on this meaning I have to set the alarm every day
