I don't get it All it says is this is not a Viber number and quits. Am I missing some sort of joke here
Disappointed I uninstalled viber then reinstalled. The problem is I couldnt activate it again coz when I enter the access code it keeps saying incorrect. I cant even place a call coz it keeps saying error. Whats wrong with viber Been using this app for long time and I even gave you five stars. Please help. Thanks
S4 phone. Video calling not working I have a galaxy s4 and the video calling never works for the version you are released in the past few months. I want the really old version
Update After updating successful connection is only using 3g. WiFi connection isn't supported
Tripple vibration Why do we need this battery draining and irritating triple vibration Useless updates all the time.
Can't use it when I out in my number it's says my number is invalid and I know it I've got it down don't get this it dose not work get whatsapp instead it's so much better
Updated yet another time. Still 0 stars. The worst app on Google Play. Still ignoring all user feedback.
Bugs I have been having this issue on 3 different phones the notification  for new messages remain in the notification area even after selecting it and reading the message.
Video call Since last update my video call is not working it's very upsetting as I have been using viber for years and I have family aboard.  Am using s4 but that's not the case even my friends with note 4 are having issues.. please fix this
recurent notification despite clearing it, this behavior has no other use than to piss people off, fix this bs.
Good app, but after so many years still no easy way to move messages and media from one device to another  Lost all my history....  If it is so difficult to built in native backup  restore functionality look at competition, Whatsapp does it via Google drive and it works just great.
Update of 2411 sucks please fix it.. thanks.. I been use this for almost a year now.. but i just experience a malfunction of viber.. my account has been logout by itself so i register my account for almoat 15 times.. but its not working its always says that i should update my viber.. but i already updated it... so why i cant connect to it... please can you fix this..
After last update when attaching picture ..screen is frozen...cant go back..or anything..so..that's big problem for me..Have to restart phone to open viber again..so nc
