I just installed 11062015. On the phone as others have noted I keep getting notification of text that I got 4 days ago, so it should not even show up in this app. I dismiss it on the phone but it comes right back.  Equipment Phone Samsung Note3 and tablet Samsung NotePro12.2.   I had to force stop it on the phone.
Talk feature does not work. And nobody will help.  Despite several emails all ive managed to get in response, several times, was that someone would contact me.  Nobody ever did.
I wish it worked for me, but I couldn't get the messages that kept appearing on my phone to go away.  I received them, read them using the default text tool, and my phone kept telling me I had all these messaged I hadn't read. u couldn't look at the message waiting light and know if it was a new one, or one of the dozen left in Tablet Talk limbo  I'd like to get my  back if I could please  Unless u want to fix it
Can't use on a data connection Was hoping to forward textscalls to another  phone without using up SMS and voice limits going through data, but apparently if you don't connect to WiFi it wont let you... silly limitation.
It does the job I am rating this app after, over, 9 months of use to 1 star for t following reasons WiFi connection is not stable and most of the times does not connect specially is you switch networks. Bluetooth works fine when both the phone and the tablet are on, it disconnects as soon as the tablet goes to sleep. On the other hand it keeps restarting on the phone which slows it down and drains the battery. I, unfortunately, had to uninstall it
Keeps crashing on Samsung Note 4 I've used this app before and had stopped for a while. I decided to go back to it, but now it keeps crashing every time I use it on the phone. Seems to be OK on the tablet. If it can be fixed I will update my rating.
Piece of junk Keeps crashing on my phone, doesn't allow me to open the messages or to start sms chatting. Can't clear the notifications from this app on my phone.  Very simple app, waste of money. Some free apps in Google play are much better than this crappie software
Problem with audio during call I have a tablet linked to car audio via aux but when I receive a call I hear it trough the smartphone and not trough the tablet aux car audio system, even if I tap on Bluetooth icon on call screen...why...I bought this app for that, but it looks that it doesn't work...
Great app, until recent update. It was working JUST FINE until this update 1.9.7. Now intermittent connectivity. Also, connection orb on phone is red, while text beside orb says 'connected.' Really How can this be considered an 'update' when functionality is DECREASED It's as though we've been reverted to a 'beta' version of the app. Where you planning on fixing this problem Or would you at least consider rereleasing the previous, functional version of the app Samsung Galaxy S5.
One major flaw... That perseveres. This app works well, but STILL has an annoying issue  if I make a call from my phone while connected to the tab, the tab never seems to notice so it won't pause music for instance... Why
Disappointed Unable to send pictures now that I upgraded  phone.  Go figure. .makes no sense and can't any support for my problem after 2 emails
New update  Crash on boot Loved the app. App got updated, and now crashes upon boot making app completely useless. Xperia Z Ultra running 4.4.2  reverted back to 1.9.9.3 and everything is 100 fine. Update breaks app.
