USB doesn't work on Nexus 7 2013 I should have read the reviews. The only reason I bought this was because it supposedly supports USB. sigh  The wifi option works ok, but I can't hog the wifi bandwidth at a cafe, and that's exactly where I'd use this, so I need the USB to work. Using app on Nexus 7 Android 4.4.2 connecting to latest 2.3.10 full version desktop client on Macbook Air OS X 10.9 Tried rebooting both tablet and laptop, over and over, it just doesn't work.
Not working Whenever i connect the app on my Nexus 9 to the PC program on Windows 7, I get a message unfortunately the app doesn't work, I think the idea of the is promising but right now I think I will have a refund and maybe later I would pay for it when it gets fixed..
Works better than expected At least with Macbook retina running Mavericks Update Does not work well with Yosemite. Induces huge lags on the Macbook Looking at the other reviews was a huge turn off but I really needed to use my tablet as secondary monitor.  Took the plunge after watching a youtube video about it and was happy to see it worked without any itch.  4 stars because it didn't work with USB cable.  For those who see lag, reduce the resolution on Android device.
BSOD on my Lenovo W540 Which sums it up.  Can't get started.  Spent 4.95 for an app that is a nonstarter.  I hope you get it going for my computer too.  For now, it's DOA.
Doesn't function for Windows 8.1, they refer to a nonexisting Safe Mode and the support does not respond. Do not buy this.
Does not work on lenovo yoga tablet 2 Does not work, just crashes when you select a computer to connect to, and can't find any connection if you try a USB cable. Tried to get a refund 15 mins after purchase but only an uninstall button. Another 3 wasted. Getting fed up with rubbish apps on the play store. At least iTunes apps and stuff worked when I had my iPad I thought Google had a 2 hour refund policy for apps that don't work 
No Features work on Android Ripoff This is a waste of money for android and windows users. All t will do is mirror your computer screen if you have windows 8. Where does it say this in the description or website NOWHERE It lags really bad too. All I wanted it for was a screen extension in a pinch but now I just burned 5. Totally false advertising Emailed support and they told me they need to update it for Windows 8....You've had a year since it came out FIX IT ALREADY
I should have read the reviews It only mirrors my main screen, what's the point in that There's no way to get my laptop to extend to the tablet. The documentation is poor, at most. Should have a free version or a longer trial period. I just threw away five bucks. Terribly disappointed... as many others
USB and windows 8 USB connection with the Nvidia shield tablet is broken. It completely crashes the app upon attempting to connect. And then connecting normally with windows 8 never seems to work. Not worth it. Either make sure your device works, or use windows 7. Simple as that.
I doens't work When I tap 'connect' the app shows the message 'unfortunately idisplay stopped to work' and crashes on my samsung galaxy tab. I really would like a refund, since I can't use it via USB as well because I'm trying the MacOS to Android connection
Does not work very well My first impression of the app was good. It looked professional and looked easy to use. I installed iDisplay on my brand new lenovo W550s laptop. When it performs a video test, it BSOD's my machine everytime and will not run. I tried to install it on my desktop, it will connect, but the aspect ratio is incorrect and has wavy lines across the screen. I think it has great potential, but has a lot of bugs to work out.
Refund please First time started iDisplay desktop, my Win7 PC went blue screen.  Restarted the PC and managed to connect to Nexus 7 via WiFi only. USB just can't connect. When exiting iDisplay desktop, my PC screen just went black and never recovers. Had to force shut down in the end.  Tried again and the black screen thing happened again.  My PC and I have had enough Please refund
Doesn't work. I have a Nexus 5 and an Asus vivobook, and the app crashes every time I try to connect them. Such a ripoff. If the app is unsupported, I want my 5 back. I feel pretty cheated.
Very poor so far. First impressions very poor. Cannot connect via WiFi or USB, the desktop program caused a blue screen crash on first run then had restart again after just booting. Still not working will update after speaking to support, which could take daysweeks as they state 2 business working days for a reply.
Did not work at all for me. Ran it on a Nexus 10 with Android 5.1.1 to extend my MacBook Pro 15 nonretina. It crashes every time I try to make the connection. I sent a support request and after 8 days, still no response. Pity
DOES NOT WORK  NO REFUND BUTTON. POOR SHOW This looked ok on paper. Installed and all I see on my Nexus7 is a garbled mess. nothing ever appears on it. When I activate the PC app it rearranges my existing monitor layout so its not even keeping that still. all i can get it to do is start pc applications on my existing displays. So i think never mind. i just get a refund and move on. NO REFUND OPTION BAD SHOW WILL NOT TOUCH ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR PRODUCTS AGAIN.
Great concept Has potential but when extending my pc display to my S4 I cant get it full screen. The extra space seems to be pixilated. .like a video card issue.. if that makes sense.. and I thought it could act as a secondary display instead of mirroring my pc display. . Unless im wrong. .
Worked great. .. When it worked Often wouldn't connect neither wifi nor corded and had to reinstall the app anytime I wanted to use it... That combind with the fact that this app hasn't been updated in a while mean failure. .. wish I'd looked into the app more than just getting excited that the app did what I wanted 1 time
Doesn't work. I have a Nexus 5 and a Samsung Tab 8.4, and the app crashes every time I try to connect them. Requested refund immediately.
Does not extend display I am trying to extend my laptop screen on my nexus 7 original model from a laptop wWindows 8 but it does not seem to be compatible with Windows 8. It ONLY duplicates my screen which is not what I needed. Can't refund so just a nonfunctional app for my needs.
Buggy Windows don't render correctly, and show corruption no matter what device I use. Nexus 7, S4, S5. Contacted support, still not heard anything back after several weeks. Can't say anything positive about the app I paid for.  Avoid for now.
