prefer the older version I can't see the notice board for 3 schools simultaneously anymore. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app many times and get a blank screen when it starts up  Notice pop ups work but then can't get into the app to see the detail.
It is now USELESS...I cannot open or read any documents which is loaded under resources, the app takes forever to open. Not a good version I liked the older version way better, for it was much more userfriendly. Now I am no longer up to date as to what is happening at school because of this latest version which is crappy and useless
Stupid It just keeps loading and loading and loading forever even if I search and I did reinstall it. Still doesn't work
Not opening App won't open. You can put details in then it just gets stuck.  I have uninstalled and reinstalled still doesn't work.
Your app looks Nothing like on Playstore Calender is so small can barely see the dates, and all blank And I HAVE uninstalled and reinstalled it.
Pathetic Uninstall then reinstall  still won't load Useless app now  sadly most schools only comunicate via this nonexistent service
I thought that updates will improve the app,but noI can only open the home screen.When I press the icons for Multimedia, news and resources the program shuts downFrustratingHow shoud I be able to see letters
update issue Every time the app is updated you have to personalise it.
Pathetic Scholars International Academy is listed on your desktop version but can't find it in mobile app
It stops When I click multi media or calendar it says this app has stopped . I really like this app please fix it , I am using a Samsung Galaxy A3 .
Disappointed Since running the update, nothing functions. Parents rely on this app for school information.
Always crashing saying unfortunately the school has stopped working, please fix
It doesn't want to work
This does not work This used to work. Now that it has been updated it just doesn't even open. PLEASE fix this
I've done the update and now it won't even open What do you suggest now
Not good I don't get notifications anymore,  older version was way much better.
Please fix this Uninstalled re installed and STILL not working.
No Full Calendar Calendar too small to see dates. Fixit
D6 communicator  can't open on my broad fone
Update broke it After the update, it is stuck at the opening screen...tried uninstall and reinstall, no luck...fix it please.................thank you, i reinstalled after this, now it works...
App dont open Installed and uninstalled twice. App dont open
Skielik werk dit glad nie
