I use the lg g4. This app still crashes and doesn't work. Didn't really want to give it a 1 star rating, but i bought it and have waited far too long for a fix. This app just refuses to work on the lg g4.
Crash I'm on a HTC One M8 with Android 5.0.2 and all the app does is crash, I'm unable to even get to server selection. Worked great a few months back, but now it's totally useless.
It stopped working Hi I'm on LG G4 ZV6. I don't know why the app stopped working. I can't connect to any server. It used to, but not anymore. Please help. I would like refund until this is fixed.
I love TeamSpeak HATE this app though I use TeamSpeak on the desktop and laptop frequently with no issues, and love it... This piece of crap app for the phone is another story. It's clumsy and has lots off issues. It's hard to use and has many problems, doesn't forward sound via Bluetooth correctly and the audio quality is a joke. Chews up bandwidth like it's going out of style.... sad really as I like to keep connected with this app.
It's okay but sometimes gets stuck When on a server and in a text chat I often can't exit the text chat without restarting the app. Other than this there aren't any notable bugs.
crashes way too much I bought this have almost a year ago, since then it has crashed almost everyday I have used it at least 10 times throughout the day. The group I hang out with requires me to use teamspeak, otherwise I wouldn't use this program at all. I have sent in over 400 crash reports yet nobody has fixed anything. Buy this app if you support vaporware
App crashes every 15  200seconds Well, runs fine for a very short time before crashing, waste of money and poorly constructed app. How they have screwed up a voip app is beyond me. Htc one m8
More stars for it when it works Can hear everyone fine.. all apple users can use headphones Bluetooth etc.. Android won't support any headphones or Bluetooth devices Please Fix Have to use the push to speak button to talk which basically makes this app useless I paid money for this app Fix it for android users
Android version connection issues. Internet connection would work fine in one location. Connecting to the same private guild Team Speak from another location, it was impossible with various connection errors. Their forums had no answers on fixing this issue. I would not recommend the android version.
Cant connect to server Im trying to connect to a twitch streamers server but its the only one I can't get into and it just started today ive been in the server many times before, plenty of other people are in there and im told its because the app is waiting for a new update but there isn't one, I can connect to other servers but not that one. So please fix this or update
Fix this I can't believe i paid 2 dollars for this.  Works for about 5 minutes and then crashes. And when I load it back up, I get errors, and I have to keep trying to connect until it finally does, and then app crashes again. Would be 5 stars if this didn't happen so often, because otherwise it is fantastic.
Needs marshmallow update This app worked great for me on lollipop. I just got the marshmallow update and now the app won't stay open in the background. crashes as soon as I hit the home button.
The last update is bad I have a Sony Xperia z1compact bifor update it whas all ok now it wount star
Ugh I constantly have to disconnect after opening an app or adjusting volume. The reason I have to disconnect is because the mic stops working if you do any of the above.
Apparently I never paid for it. Yeah I was just about to hop on ts on my phone and then bam Apparently I never paid for the app... In which I actually did..
Crashing too much Stability is key, but at the moment it lacks just that. The app seems to crash at random. AutoReconnecting does not work, but when manually reconnecting, it usually show the error than one is already logged in. Having to wait until the old login times out.
Bugs in Android After doing some update, i cant enter my ts. Only showing loading user.
Should be free So many problems, disconnecting too often  why it have 4 stars
Used to work perfectly... But then after I connected to a server it crashed after 5 seconds. Now, it cuts out even when I'm holding down the pushtotalk button. I can't even get it to work on voice detection. Still doesn't work. Fixed itself in 2015 October. Broke again in November.
Guys and girls devs, it's crashing like trying to fly an airplane with no wings It was fixed and perfect the version before, now it's crashing like crazy. I need it with urgency please. Or bring back the last working.
Not working on LG G3 Would be great if i could use it
Payment failed It's saying that I cannot use it as I haven't purchased it when I have.
So annoying It keeps crashing and wont open . fix this pls
