Bad recipes, waste of money I've never wasted so much  good liquor in my life until I started trying recipes from this app. They clearly will add any recipe to the list just for the sake of having more recipes. Don't even bother, just use Google or something.
Can't open cabinet I use to love this app but for awhile now everytime I try and use it I have problems. I paid for this app and I'm extremely disappointed. Why should I have to pay if I'm not going to get the features promised. Please fix it. It crashes all the time as well on my Note 4.
Yuck I have it on my ipod and its my favorite app but this android one sucks. Doesn't have ratings, comments, and more that makes my apple app heads above the rest. The cocktails aren't all correct so you're taking a risk with every recipe here. On my ipod the ratings tell me if the recipe is worth my liquor
Lots of recipes, but lacks features You can only search by one ingredient at a time.  Liquors are subdivided by brands making searches inefficient e.g. White rum and Bacardi Silver Rum are listed as different liquors.  Cabinet is mostly useless, since it lists recipes that can be made with ANY cabinet ingredients, rather than ONLY cabinet ingredients major fail. Can't see drinks you've already tried without opening each recipe.  Can't rate recipes. Lots of typos and poor editing of recipes.
Dissapointing Good information but terrible GUI. Clearly just ported over from Apple version without any native Android feel. Even the distinctive Apple 'back' button on the header is ported over which has no place on an Android phone, and the features which did not work without changes on Android are just omitted without apology, which is rather rude for an app with a price.
Love app hate no backup feature I had to reset my android and now all my custom added drinks and preferences are gone. You really should implement a database save feature. How are users going to upgrade to new phones if this app doesn't server side save your recipes Gotta say a little disappointed. I had some good ones saved.
Great App But Incredible drink database.  Every time I open the app it turns on my GPS sensor. Really   I know where the liquor stores are.  I don't need your help. You need to code the app to allow the user to toggle this feature off. To design the app to turn on GPS automatically is lazy coding.  You are draining my battery when I just need a recipe 
Not worth it This is basically the same app as the free version, except it hasn't been updated in over 2 years while the free version has. Wasted my money.
Horrible I upgraded and the contents are the same as the free app with no additional content and it won't let me pick my choice of liquor after I remove one
Description is nothing like the app. Been robbed of my money.....
Update broke HTC Rezound And killed my custom drinks. When is this going to be fixed
Favorite feature does not work. While this app does contain many drinks and the search engine is pretty good. The favorite system does not work. The app does not retain the favorite setting on individual drinks,  as a result the favorites list is alway empty. This particularly annoying in a paid app.
Worked great,  now broken Used to work great, loved the cabinet, paid money for it and now the recipes don't have measurements next to them. Also, why in the hell does this need GPS positioning permissions What the hell Please fix this ASAP.
Bad recipes Half the recipes in this app are incorrect and as a bartender it can be embarrassing for my staff, i now just Google... Don't trust them.
Unfortunately, iPhone Is Better I'm a die hard android fan, but on this one I'd have to say the iPhone version wins. The ability to choose specific types of Cabinet Selections on the iPhone is fantastic and the feature I miss the most. Other reasons are the Top Rated Drinks and the option to rate individual drinks.  I love this app and it would be a disappointment to switch back to the iPhone version. Please update
Problems with lg g3 Missing entire bottom of screen and buttons and as others have said, favorites dont work. Im still waiting for a response by the developer as this should NOT HAPPEN with a paid app that basically has false screenshots and options that seem to not exist as advertised. Ill update my review once i hear from the developers and post. I regret not reading the reviews before downloading
