So I was trying to find my iPod. And I clicked on the LoST button thing and typed a new password in it so nobody else could get in it. Once I found it, I typed in that password and it locked me out forever. I'm very upset with this. I haven't been able to use my iPod for a few months now. Please help.
Would give no stars cause its miles off every time I know the exact location where my iPhone is yet it says it's 5 miles away from itself
Rate 2 stars Used the lost mode and made another  password from the app itself, unfortunately the same old password still exist and the password  I made from the app doesn't  work. My little  one still able to used the old  password. 
Premium does not work On the free app, it found my phone, then bought pay app so I could delete my phone, but this will not log into my icloud, waist of money
How on earth do you set this app up. I'm trying to set it up on my 12 year old phone to make sure she's safe when she goes out and none of us has a clue what to do. She has a iphone 4s and mine is a Samsung galaxy note 4......someone help and advise please.....
OK to track two two devices not third Paid for upgrade but it has now stopped tracking one of the iphones, it seems stuck at 1.30 the day before
When clicking refresh it does nothing...still shows old time and does not locate device. Still not updating stuck on 2hrs ago. Have to keep hitting refresh about 10times before it finally updates. UPDATE I DEMAND A REFUND THIS THING IS AWEFUL. DOES NOT WORK ON SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE EDGE.  How do I find my order number It was billed directly to my verizon wireless account
Refund me please Refund me please.                                                     We have two iOS devices, each with it's own account. Bought the app for the multiple account feature, but  can not select which account to track, send message, etc. If this can't be resolved, please refund. Edit that's a clunky solution you have there, appsinfinite, not impressed. I'll give it one more day, if app is still clunky, refund time.
Doesn't work... Great at locating but when I needed to erase due to losing it didn't work as described.
Didn't work Deleted app even on full wifi still says authenticating. Even changed my info on icloud on the computer app never changes.
Work good Fairly accurate, would like for the map to display my current location as well. Apple sending email every time I check location and eventually locks out Apple I'd.
Didnt work Kept saying  wait authentication with icloud since.1200 pm and it's 45 minutes later smh.
I tried to erase my iPhone and it says authenticating with icloud, this doesn't work waste of time and money 
Doesn't refresh More than half of the time. 
Im having issues since upgrade to new iphone I upgraded to the premium app and now it wont track my phone only my laptop.  Doesnt give the ability to enter a second device with same id info.
Doesn't work Waste of money.
