Paid for ads Are you guys  kidding me I paid for this and I still get ads on every screen Shocking business practice. Have applied for a refund and will advise my blog audience to choose an alternative
Not working for SGS6 photos I liked the app, even bought pro, however now I have SGS6 and almost all photos being transferred end up being corrupted. This makes app useless. I figured out I can still forcibly open these files using XnView and save them as new files, but this is plain stupid. I can not however open files transferred with this app on a tablet.
Cannot write to SD card Now this is a bad thing. I bought PRO version just to enable writes to SD card, but it says cannot do it. What is the meaning of purchasing the same. Can you help me in fixing it I'll change my review.
Great App But Can't Write to SD I've used Superbeam for a long time, and I use it all the time. But it WILL NOT LET ME SELECT MY SD CARD FOR RECEIVING FILES I can send files from it, but not receive. The problem is that the filesystem browser only shows the built in memory and not the SD when receiving files or changing settings. It makes the app useless by adding another step of moving files once they've transferred.
The purchased can not be restored properly I could restore the purchase but always got force closed on my xiaomi mi4i when receiving file from other devices.
Can't Write to SD Card Great App But Can't Write to SD DESPITE UPGRADING TO Pro Version IT WILL NOT LET ME SELECT MY SD CARD FOR RECEIVING FILES I can send files from it, but not receive. The problem is that the builtin file system browser only shows the built in memory and not the SD when receiving files or changing settings. It totally  makes the app useless by adding another step of moving files once they've transferred. Please address this or refund the money.
Perfect but useless. It worked 2 times. Since then, only connection errors. Tried over browser, over key input, over qr code, over different wifi networks. Connection error is everything that I got. Sorry for my money.
Sony z3v I downloaded SuperBeam Pro  trying to use better, and share wifi better, and it will said, if can't use it, you need to reset it too.Once you click yes, you can't refund or go back. Gone is gone, so don't waste of money.  This App. Is useless
Not doing what it supposed to do Having trouble downloading my music. I can only download about 3 at a time and then tells me connection error, make sure both devices are on same wifi, contact network administrator and make sure firewall is not enabled. After upgrading and verifying those remarks still nothing.  Had no problems with videos or photo s. Can some fix this annoying problem.
Good software but cannot able to install unlocker pro version I bought I bought new pro version and now I am trying to install it into my new smart phone Kitkat 4.2 version, I am able to install superbeam without any problem, but when I try to install unlocker to make it pro version I cannot , please  help me ....thank you so much in advance if anybody help me for this with step of instructions to follow ...
Wtf I payed the 1.88 to get all the pro features but still have banner ads It said it would remove ads...the app itself is awesome but this really annoyed me
Cant use my Pro Version Ever since I downloaded this to my S5 it hasnt worked. Says its downloaded... When I try to receive files with a key it says download Pro version but then the app screen only  gives me the option to uninstall.. Only  headaches.. fix and i will change my rating
Requests to update to pro version even after purchasing Purchased the app on my tablet, but the app in my smartphone requests to update to pro version again and again even after multiple attempts of restarting the app and uninstalling it. Kindly look into the matter.
Won't Connect Free version worked fine after loading Pro will no longer connect to sending device regardless how many times have rebooted and reinstalled
I had installed the pro but it does not work in my handset HTC 816 waste of money does not show the memory card option in settings
