Horrible It is a waste, not accurate, the reviews that say they passed with this app, I have no idea how that happened or how this helped, pointless waste of time effort oxygen, I hate that I used data for this rubbish, it should be removed Glitchy ugly faulty Repolsive app
WASTE OF DATA  It's inaccurate and it's a stupid, worthless piece of crap 
Wrong It is incomplete nd some of de answers are wronge.g question one of control how to select a gear nd many many more.BORING.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD the application is incomplete and incorrect, for anyone doing their bike learner's, the sketch section is the part to do with caution. Mr developer please if you are serious about this app redo it with a fine tooth comb
Doesn't work App closes on homepage after I choose an option
Disappointed Guys please. Look at this ASAP...the questions never gets completed for driving signs.
Hating is putting it mildly If I could degrade it any lower I could this app is useless the traffic signs don't appear you only faced with a question and have to guess the sign.
Wrong answers Apparently to stop a bike I need to hold the clutch and change gears... Not sure how that will stop the vehicle. Other wrong answers as well. Would give it 5 stars if their intention is to get someone killed... Need correct answers
Version A and B need improvement Version A and B really need to be looked into especially the road signs nd controls the questions dont comply with the answers or options given..  Im so disappointed.
Do not download Full of incorrect answers. Download if you only want to fail your test. Poor graphics, features, accuracy.
Same question with two different answers How can I use this as a study tool when there are two different answers for the same question It shows me that's is unreliable. How can I trust what you are teaching me
Some of the questions on driving a wrong eg u can t select yr gear with 5 an 8 indicator and clutch, to select a gear u its gear and clutch
Horrible Does not work when i say take test  it exits  app
Please address the bug It's was running fine until I updated to Lollipop. It's just crashes when you try selecting any options after launching. I'll probably rate it a 34 maybe if it gets sorted.
you give us wrong answers  go back to school you do not know the correct answers
Don't trust this app.
Crashes as soon as I hit take test
Don't install it Piece of crap if you ask me. Waste of your data
So confused This app though Please stick to one answer And check the spelling, it's awful.... Please work on it.
Bunch of crap Just failed none of this was in the test it's a waist of time and data thanks for nothing your useless app just cost me money
Up to shit Doesnt even want to open
Useless Waste of time
Not user friendly.  Very confusing. The questions dont apply to the road  signs.  Wtf Fix it
Horrible After the rules of the road the questions got screwed up and the answers does not corespond to the pics so all of them I got wrong
Good
