Updated app Would have given 5 stars but the update will not let me sync.  Takes at least 10 tries.  Garmin, this seems like a issue many are having, is the next update to fix the syncing issue coming out soon
The software is really unstable Since the last update it's not syncing properly and now it also keeps crushing during the synchronization.  Even if the garmin devices are good,  the constant problems with the software makes the experience somewhat frustrating.
What a waste My wife and I both bought the vivosmart HR bands and could not get them to work. My wife could pair it to her phone but not the app. Mine wouldn't pair to either. Hours of frustration later, we are 02 and taking them back. It's unfortunate. A potentially great product ruined by faulty hardware and a bad app.
Updates from hell Sync problems are unbearable. If I try enough times, I can eventually get it to work. But why Particularly when older versions synchronized much easier.
Connect still not BT compatible between my Garmin Edge 1000 and Samsung Note 4  Android Lolipop. I have spent hours following Garmin support recommendations to no avail.
Doesn't work This doesn't show my notifications on my Edge 520 whilst out riding
I installed the app on my galaxy s6 edge. My Bluetooth pairs with the device but I'm having the hardest time getting the actual app to pair with the device. I've tried several times but still no progress.
Can't get my weekly totals anymore as nothing shows up on the bottom of calender.  Wish I would have never updated.
Still waiting I recently bought my fenix 3.  Very excited and happy I did so but reading through all this reviews makes me wonder... I have been experiencing similar issues to what the previous comments has and what I find is the worse part is that most of the issues is related to syncing.  GARMIN is ingoing maintenance issues  FOR HOW LONG I hope this issue is resolved ASAP
Can't Sync Vivofit on Android Nexus 7 Get your act together Garmin, you've bricked your devices with the last update. The issue has not been fixed
really The previous version was limited, this one is very very limited. I am missing the detail of the lifelog app. The point of buying the Garmin device was to record the things I do without taking my phone. Ok it counts my steps and monitors my sleep but thats about it. Everything else has to be done manually. Very disappointed. I also really dislike the look and feel of the app. Update 26th November now it refuses to sync. Absolute waste of time.
Nice app but have to restart phone and watch to get it to sync
Update Unable to sync with Energy phone. Still not working well keeps losing down loaded golf courses on both my wife's and my device. Think perhaps should of saved money. Garmin you need to sort these problems
 Been having issues lately connecting to garmin app. Use to work just fine, the many updates later crapped out. Also connect iq watch faces slow down the watch. Needs a boost to device.
Won't sync anymore Used to sync with my nexus 6 but no longer works. Like most people said I'm able to connect via Bluetooth but not through the stupid app. Called tech support and they couldn't do anything and just told me to wait. When I try pairing on my nexus 10 it days device is incompatible, wow.
