No Definitions for a complete word Doesn't give me definitions for any whole words at all. Would like the definitions in English. Not English to Spanish or whatever language. Thinking about DELETING program.  VERY DISSATISFIED
Error downloading file I downloaded this application on my old phone and it was very good but on the new phone i can't download any file ot give me error for everything please fix it i really like this dictionary 
ERROR DOWNLOADING FILE I used it for nearly a year nw with the languages I downloaded but now I want to download another languageEnglishSwahili  it  is telling me Error downloading file Please fix it  I will rate 5 stars  if You can add pronunciation of words, it will be very wonderful
FIX IT DONT FOOL PEOPLE Download failed it says dissapointing, just to download your app... thats Bad Poor
It was good Used it on my tablet and liked it. But now updated phone, app doesn't download dictionaries. Adv on full screen with video and loud music, currently not usable app.
Why can't we dl it anymore The best dictionary, used it before, anyone knows how to download languages
How on earth do you call this an offline dictionary It doesn't work with my HTC vivid..
Download of vocabulary not possible. I used this app for 2 years and was happy with. After I changed my phone I tried to install this app again but surprisingly I was and am not able to download any vocabulary. It is not related to my phone because I have tried to perform this download on other phones too without any success. PLEASE FIX THAT PROBLEM.
The application doesn't work I couldn't downloaded any vocabulary.
It doesn't work. I can't download any vocabulary.
Cannot download dictionaries And so is useless pity because it seems like a replacement for quickdic
Useless App Can't review, can't download any dictionaries.
Can't download languages Whenever I try to download any language it shoes some error. So it's useless for me.
When will be possible use this dictionary normally I can't download russianenglish Work before Same phone over year. Fix it please.
Bakwas h ye .don't get download showing error always.
Mamdouh hassan Sooooo bad can'download any langauge always error in server
Can't download any of language tryed many time but failed
Third class application     application download 
Cannot download dictonaries anymore Please fix
