Not reliable Will inexplicably show my family in old locations that I know they've been to previously but are no longer there. Then it might start to show accurate location. So I simply can't trust it. Bought 5 times for my families phones. Really disappointed. They all have iPhone. I have Droid Turbo with Android.
Rubbish 6 and this thing doesn't work well at all Sometimes it updates but most of the time I have locations that are 10 hours old. Pinging the person does not update anything ever. Waste of money.
Hasn't updated Not happy at all, the map hasnt updated since 7.45am this morning, its now 3.44pm  says he's still at the same place but hes next to me
Having issues  I was really happy at 1st about how accurate it it and then the following day it wouldnt let me track the other device no more its just saying its location from the previous day 
Screwed up App and costs too much. Apple has built in free app. It will not send email to my phone from wife's phone. Keeps naming both accounts with same name even though there are 2 individual emails.
this thing doesnt work with crap .everytime i open the app it wants me to re add everyone. put if i use the map in a browser it shows them put is always half an hour behind even after i refresh it.
Stops updating Everything worked for about 3 days then the app stopped updating locations even if I sent a ping.
Rip off Purchased this app but still have to pay for pro features. Also won't work without Internet access. If I turn off the wifi on my phone the app will not work so I will need to lose it where it is connected to the Internet. Pointless.
Don't bother. Does not work with android  iPhone. Waste of money.
This application does not work as advertised.  I bought three regular licenses and 2 Pro licenses to track my daughter who is traveling in Venezuela. The app is useless. When she stopped in Houston for a layover, the app still showed she was in Los Angeles. She arrived in Buenos Aires this morning and 12 hours later it still says she is at the airport. My wife and I use Android phones, my daughter is using an iPhone 5s.
Not working Only tracks when it feels like it. Only updates when it wants. A complete waste of time, effort  money.
I can't confirm email I can't confirm my email to verification. The link verification that your send is error.
it can't track correctly It can't update time current time correctly
Worsted  app Only work when it wants too I agree with a lot of people on here u pay the money and you pay money to up grade and the app only works when it wants too I have it on Both my phone both of us agree to the app and  when send an ping it only goes off when the other person is home always the same location. .. it only worked twice when not near each other..... other then that never works the way they say it would and I try ever day
no longer works it used to work well until kitkat changed location settings, meaning the user can turn off all location settings, thus rendering the stealth ping useless.
Won't work on galaxy s5 Can't even get it to send requests to other phones. Very frustrating
Very bad software Better Nevers buy
It doesn't work ask them give me It hasn't worked since I got in it
I purchased this app it was OK in the first week after that it becomes useless give me same location every time I try to track my daughter and stop update of the locations
Bull HAS NEVER WORKED I purchased this app to send a stealthy ping to my daughter who's in bad shape and it has NEVER worked even bought the app for my iPhone and upgraded to pro on both droid and iPhone NEVER WORKED AND STILL WAITING FOR A RESPONSE
Only giving last location won't update to new location Was going to upgrade but not bothering if I can't get it to update location of my kids either of them where my kids are I know they get signal and mobiles are s4 s5  so it down to app if you ask me
Save your money, doesn't work. Doesn't work as advertised. I downloaded the pay version to my Android phone so I could keep up with 2 iPhones. One of the iPhones now tracks ITSELF and the other IPhones last location was updated 3 days ago and won't update or refresh it location.I contacted the developer and received a canned response on GPS accuracy I just deleted the app. Anyone know of a good tracking app
Locations are seldom accurate.
Family Tracker Very dissapointed in this app After spending 4.99 in Google play and another 3.99 from the app store it never changes my family members location. Please refund
