They only offer free 5 times. Not only do they only offer the free trial for 5 uses, they keep sending push notifications even though I set it to not do this. Lastly I can't upgrade in the app and on the site it's 9 times as much for lifetime.
Digging through my accounts As I started it, I got a message to say that it was going through all my contacts. No doubt to spam them. Uninstalled immediately
The screen is streched out so I can't see most of the puzzles. I am missing information that I would need to determine answers.
Didn't save login info I purchased a lifetime membership under my gmail account. I had to erase the program to stop notifications and when I reinstalled it didn't save my subscription info Now I have to go online to either get a refund or get help. Very annoyed
Do not install Basically a cell phone rip off of boring computer games that is far to over priced. There are many better apps that offer the same thing, this one is the worst.
Didn't care for it The app would be fine if it wern't so laggy, slow, and only good for 10 minutes before you have to start paying ridiculous amounts of  money
Gold digging The game is good, but its just a demo. Very bad system, when they could have done like all this other games who just swich 35 free games per daily training. They failed.
Its good I like all the games and enjoyed playing it. However the app is too slow. It's annoying how the screen goes black for 34 seconds and have to just sit there waiting, I will stick to the website which is better than the app. The games are good but should give some more games in limited edition.
Waste of money Same 4 or 5 puzzles over and over again.  Waste of money.  Got boring real quick.
I felt myself thinking harder than I would throughout a normal day, and the games were actually fun  But it's definitely not worth money.  5 free games was honestly a waste of my time.  I wish I would've known that it was gunna end so quickly, because I would NOT have downloaded it
Misleading, What they don't tell you You can only play 5 times before they tell you that you need to buy to continue that should be said upfront. I would not have downloaded it I knew. Very misleading it says it is free
Not worth it. Didn't know that I would have to pay for a subscription. Then after I don't care, it starts reminding me daily that it's time to play.  Only got to play 15 games over 5 sessions, half of which were the same.  Needs a better free version. Maybe with one game for each type unless you buy. No more play 5 times only. Edit even after uninstalling, they feel the need to send me more emails to play.
Subscription Waste of Money I don't understand why developers use a subscription based model at criminal prices. The games are decent at best, they're standard, nothing special type of tests that should be free to begin with let alone adding a hefty price tag to unlock the rest.
Disappointing I really enjoyed the 5 rounds I played. But then you ask me to pay to continue  No way. It should be 100 free. And have the option to upgrade to Pro or Gold. With all the bells and whistles. If I could give 0 stars I would.
Conditions Really Why do I need to tell you my conditions. Already too invasive and I haven't even created the account yet...uninstalled.
