WHAT IS IT WITH THE NEWS Whenever I try to read any news every time it shows either mobile data is off or connect to a wifi...I don't even have a slow data connection... so why are they asking for a retfy I cant understand
I just won the hike 7 day challenge by using hike more than whatsapp and when i clicked on redeem option , it asked me to update my hike first. After updating it when i reopened it, i was not able to redeem my balance, there was no option to do so. Please help 
You people have sent one message from hike saying that ,you need to forward this message to 15 people then you are going to get talktime as well as net balance ..we didn't even get any message after completing that...you people don't stand with you words
I have not got any money as redeem its jus showing that you  can redeem. That's all..so hike plz don't  spread any bonus rumors. People are thinking its fake and not installing it..
Help me Sir I have earned 501 rs by refer but when i recharge i got mesege that heavy transaction volume i have also email from supporthike.in bt not reply  any meseg from hike so plzz help me
Rewads I have earned  1125 rs by refer but when i recharge i got messages that heavy transction volume n i have mail many times after that i haven't got any reply from hike fake aap n fake Rewads dont install it they are totally making fool to people
Recharge issues Amount is deducted even when the recharge is not successful... The refund should be provided..
Totally fake Hello please donot install this app hike is not providing any diwali bonus. I invited my frnds but doesnt got any bonus...
I have 228 talktime rewards.but when going to redeam it's say HEAVY TRASACTION VOLUAM. What is this.I seeing this all time .please give me some ans. And solve it as soon as possible. And I'm not a froud or cheat.
Fake Hey friends don't download this app it makes fool to give Diwali bonus ,useless offer even after inviting friends don't get anything, it's only funda to make popular it. Don't waste your precious time. I don't talk about app how it works rather this offer is making fool nothing eals
Wtf just happened.. I was unable to redeem my 101 rs just bcz my app was not uptodate..nw the option is only gone..after updating....cmmon yeah..I need it..used WhatsApp for just 13.46 mins last 7 days..
Stop ur pranks 7dys challeng.. Says use hike mor thn watsap for 101rs taktym.. Bar fills 50 in frst 10minsfeels wow.. Now its 120mins and d bar is not full.. Feels wtf Whatsap is bttr.. Atleast they dont cheat us...
Worst app Dai hike owner invite panna link pola da enaku talktime varala da ena da pandra ellaraum eamathariya da frod. Made in India va enga da iruka Wikipedia un headquarters varalada dai
Bad Hike direct is nice feature but it only works till 100 metre radius....it should extend and I have to download the stickers again and again...I have downloaded many times  now I m getting angry.....I m using wifi to download the stickers....then also they are not downloaded....hatred it....bad....plz fix it ...
Cheaters  U guys say that you'll give free talktime if we complete some challenges or invite some friends but that never happens  Whenever we try to redeem the amount it says you've tried to redeem in last 10 minutes, try again after some time through it's the first time i tried 
Its not good. I invited 4 friends and they all downloaded hike via my invite. But I got the talktime for only 2 people.
Very bad app Hike Hike Messenger is chatting with me I invited many friends to install this app.Today five friends of them installed this app from my invitation like but it doesn't give me full money and free sms
FAKE FAKE FAKE Worst app ever I got rs 100 as refer balance. When i tried to redeem it. They showed transaction failed. And the worst part they also cut my 100 rs balance. Hike, i want my balance back.
Frustrated w.r.t the profile pic uploading.. It takes almost 1hr to upload a pic where i have 2MBPS speed internet... After a long time, it shows TRY AGAIN.... This is irritating....
