Skipping As of 9914 this app is still skipping, despite the update saying that it has been fixed. I actually love simply noise, and really appreciate this mobile version, but it kills me to no end when it skips. The sudden lack of sound back into the noise is such a shock that it completely breaks my concentration. Please fix this soon.
Doesn't close I love the web version of this and simply rain, so despite my embargo on paid apps I bought this one. And it works fine until you want to close it, or if you want to use it with Bluetooth headphones. Rating would be higher if this was a free app, but I expect less bugs for a paid app
The vibration This app vibrates constantly on my phone and there is no option to turn it off. It drives me absolutely insane. I used to use the simply noise website and loved it. If you can tell me how to stop the vibration it would definitely be a 5 star app.
Poorly made Does what it says, creates noise, but the app itself is sort of poorly written. Once it's on it wont close on a Galaxy S3. Just stays running and every once in a while throws up an error. I'd find another app that is more stable until this is addressed.
Noise is still skipping. I LOVED Simply Noise on my iPhone I used it nearly every night to fall asleep, so it was one of the very first apps I got when I switched to Android. I can't tell you how disappointed I've been with it. The noise breaks or skips, with a really loud hiccup, every few minutes. So, it's not so good for sleeping anymore. In fact, now it's the reason I can't sleep. Please, pleeeeease update and fix this, guys.
power drain I love the web version of simply noise. Got the app for offline use. Uses up to 35 CPU on my Galaxy Player 5. Unacceptable.
Noise keeps on stopping It's quite annoying that the white noise just stops sometimes, when i look at my instagram or watsapp for example  then when I go back to the Simply Noise app it starts again, just without the oscillation It shouldn't be a hard bug to fix, but it would make this app perfect.
Bugs out when I try to exit Seriously, every time. Even free noise apps manage to exit correctly, why did I pay for a lesser product
No updates I love how relaxing it can be, but no updates in over 2 years is just insulting. Just look at the screenshots  that's Froyoera Android I would understand if it felt like a finished app, but this program is clumsy to use and doesn't fit Android's designer guidelines at all. I'm disappointed that I paid for this, because I'm uninstalling it to find something where the devs at least act like they care.
