It deletes It deleted allll my songs from my libary okkk just DONT EVER USE THIS APP IT IS WACK IN THE BOOTY
This app sucks beyond belief I am soo disappointed with this app. All it does is freeze up constantly. It makes my phone run slow. If i could give it zero stars i really would.
Music doesn't download to phone it downloads to app. You should make the music download to the phone instead of app. It would be a better app if it did.
Disappointed I was listening  browsing through various artists and then it told me that my daily stream limit has been reached and to upgrade to something else. Very disappointed that Spinrilla wants me to buyupgrade the app just so I can be able to listen to music freely. Disappointment.
Doesn't work on nexus 6p Song will download, but will not play unless you press pause then play, songs will not skip to the next
It won't open Everytime I try to access it. It say restoring data. Then it says Spinrilla is not responding
Update Wont let me listen to my music on my phone only when I use the app and it didn't save my music add a replay button to replay all my songs also when I sign in on another device it DON'T SAVE MY MUSIC FIX NOW MAKE IT A CLOUD SAVE other then that it's good until u make it a cloud save where my music saves on the app and I sign in on another device then I'll give it all starts
White screen When opening it randomly gets stuck on a white screen and it's annoying as f
Moto G KEEPS CRASHING AND PAUSING ON SONGS I CLEARLY DOWNLOADED  Please fix this issue ASAP
Terrible I can never open the app It will open once every 20 tries.
This app really stinks... Always stopping the song...  Can't never play a song because it don't never play...  It take forever for the song to even begin playing...  Then when the song play it skips I hate this app...  They need to fix this problem soon
Music keeps pausing by itself at 9 seconds Even when downloaded too my library any song I'll play will just pause and I'd have too go back and press play again. Until this is fix, it'll remain a one star. Ps. My only problem. . . . still bullshit
The app is fake Why I need my email iPhone iam coming Google don't have a mp3 play  I see why everybody going to iPhone
