Freeze countdown and auto reset These two bugs keep happening while im working out.
Not working since update Since the latest update it's not working to count down sit ups and emailed them to inform them, but I guess they aren't interested
id does work for me, but you are better off just following the plan youself. All id does is record you do it, thats it, no analysis. Well maybe there is some, it said something after today's training, but i didn't understand what it said and i have no way to repeat it's message  also you can't  configure workout plan. What if i want to do abs everyday Not worth the money alas
two situps in half a second this app needs a smarter constant recalibration algorithm. i can barely breathe twice in half a second. how could I possibly do two situps nearly instantaneously
DOESN'T WORK ON SHIELD The app doesn't detect any movement at all. Has been this way from the start. Please fix this. Nvidia Shield 32gb
Resets counting while training Can't train with it, everytime it crashes and resets the session... Doesn't do it's job... A lock screen while training would be awesome, so you won't accidently push the exit button.
Many advertised features don't work Most of the connectivity functions don't work, at least on my phone
Don't pay it gets awful I loved the app but after paying for the upgrade it now is too sensitive and adds extra crunches . Garbage app
How does this bug still exist If you accidentally hit the lock key on your phone while doing sit ups when you unlock it, the count starts all over. I hit my key accidentally all the time while holding the phone to do sit ups, please fix this it is absolutely terrible.
Dont count with Android 5.0  I liked the app , but it doesn't work with new Android 5.0  Why               PLEASE FIX THIS 
Nice PAID app Just accidentally lock the screen and the current session get reset
Crushes and resets The app crushes and resets the score so often, horrible movement recognizing too.
Broken Countdown doesn't work at all, not even when I shake the phone. Please, fix this.
It's not working Doesn't count at all, please fix it marshmallow 6.0 I complain via email twice but only get automated reply , terrible support for a premium app
Bugged Same as others, it stopped tracking movement since the OS update.
Finished first level but no achievement, and there don't seem to be a way to change to the next level and it don't update the records on the me page.
Counter does not work at all
Desperately needs a bug fix Since the new update it's stopped registering when i do a sit up
Never counts right Misses like a third of my sit ups. Frustrating.
