Sync Issue NO SUPPORT  It isn't syncing correctly and support seems to be nonexistent Have it on my iPad and love it but don't want to drag it into the grocery store so I purchased the Android version.  The sync drops half of my recipes  The backup is correct so I was able to restore my lots data.  Paprika  wake up
Has 1 star to get developers attention. Desperately needs a social network aspect to it. Check out Hoorray for iphone          Wonderful app that organizes you meals and so much more. Worth the 5 bucks. Mac app also with it, but I would like there to be a Web interface. Also subfolders don't work on the Android app  they just show up as regular folder. Also check out wirecutters review.
No Pantry Why does the iOS app have the Pantry and not Android  You charge us the same price.  The most limited version of Paprika.  Very disappointing.
So far a disaster Tried to find and save my first recipe...typed in the name in the webbrowser and it found the recipe but then it went crazy...the URL just kept flashing in the search box, most of the screen went blank and NOTHING happened...I sure waster 5.00.
Expensive Copy Paste app App that promises to capture recipes. Paprika works only on commercial sites. Not with the majority of blogs. It has no print and save to unit function. You would do better and faster and cheaper to copy paste yourself than with Paprika. When I pointed this out to support, they told me to look elsewhere. I want my money back.
Terrible Android Platform You can't do anything with this app that you could with apple products. There's no bookmarklet, loading the recipes into the browser is a pain, and copying recipes from the browser into the tabs at the bottom is a long and flawed process. I'm so disappointed  I LIVED in this app when I had an iPhone and now I never use it.
No personal recipes I can not save my own recipes, you can only download recipes from the web.  Not worth the 5 bucks at all,  don't waste your money
Couldn't find a recipe on a website to save it's life It's fine if you like typing everything in by hand. The basic functions it claims to have fail every time.
