Totally waist of money After purchasing it TWICE to b told app has stopped running. .took my money.gave me an app that won't open
Took my money will be talking with service provider Says app has stopped tried downloading 3 times. Please don't waste  the money.
I'd give it zero I'd give zero if I could. Paid. 99 for nothing. Didn't work. Wouldn't upload my pic. Nothing. Didn't do anything. Couldn't even look on the website. Not a thing garbage I want a refund
Terrible This is a worthless app. Want a refund. Doesn't even look real. Do not waste your money and download. It sucks
Disappointed Preprogrammed colors and not very many of them. Not many cuts to choose from either. They can keep the 1.49 and use it to improve their app.
WORTHLESS APP Do NOT waste your money on this app The app will not even open or respond. I just purchased the app and cannot even use it. Not really worth the headache to ask for a refund as it was only 1.49. If I could have given zero stars, I would have DO NOT BUY
It doesn't work Paid for nothing it keeps saying that it's stopped working when I try to open it......
Total waste of money This app took my money and doesn't work. I just get a message that this app is not working and it closes. I will be chasing a refund.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD App wont even open no one reapond s to emails for refund or fix bug.. complete waste of money
Terrible This app is absolutely crap. Wouldn't load first few times I tried and once it did it was poor  slow Theres limited amount of hairstyles all of which are pretty much the same regardless. Rubbish.
took money, no app Apparently taking my money is easier than making sure I get the app. It says installed... but no where to be found on my phone. Please refund money.. or get me the app that works
Doesn't work. Give me my refund The stupid app doesn't open. I want my money back Now
Won't open You will pay money and never get what you paid for. Please don't waste your money.
Awful No stars. Woyldnt even let me open the app after purchasing. I would like a refund
Not worth the money Free apps have more options and don't look as fake
Avoid  complete waste of money I should have read the reviews.It took two attempts to install but once it had successfully installed, it wouldn't open at all. It just keeps crashing. I wish I'd selected the refund button instead of attempting reinstall.
DON'T GET IT I bought it and it never worked, waste of money.  Quick enough to take money but not work. Do not bother.
JUST DON'T I would love to give my review on this app, except I can't because IT WON'T EVEN OPEN   Please fix your busted a  crapp.. or give me back my money
Bullshit I would give no stars if i could This app takes your money, and then will not open. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still did the same thing. Uninstalling for good now. Don't waste your money.
Doesn't work This app won't even work  what a waste of money  how can I have a refund
Great website, terrible app I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and I'm not able to use this app. I have tried downloading this app several times and each time it closes before it even opens. I'm very disappointed because I love the website, but I want the convenience to be able to do it on my phone, without it FORCING me to download the app. I can't even use the website on my phone now because it keeps redirecting me to the app store. Please fix this.
TERRIBLE...paid for it and it has never ever even opened. I emailed for a  refund. . . no response at all PIECE OF CRAP APP  RIPOFF  This is fraud... time to contact authorities
Don't  waste your money Installed and didn't  work uninstalled and tried again still does not load and double charged me.
It's ok Gives you some ideas. Wish there was more variety,most of the hairstyles are very similar.
Theives Stole my money... App won't run. Do not attempt to buy. I want a refund
Won't open After purchasing it the app keeps telling me it has stopped working. Never even used it
Don't work for me When I open it I get a message that says this program has stopped working. Waste of money.
Doesn't work Couldn't open even once. I don't know if I should uninstall or wait until the app is fixed...
Doesn't work This app hasn't been working for months. Every time I try to open the app it says it's stopped don't bother downloading.
Waste of money This app won't even open. The second I try to open it, it says it stopped.
REFUND NOW I want a refund. It doesn't work at all
Don't bother Payed for the app and it doesn't even work. Sort it out now
DO NOT BUY APP won't open. Waste of money. I WANT MY MONEY BACK Scum bags
Doesn't work.. App will not open at all. Do not buy unless this is fixed.
