Outdated and bugs Call log does not differentiate REJECTED and CANCELLED calls. App could improve a lot on Contacts usability. For groups. Developer does not respond emails and don't care about bugs and new improvements. For dual SIM users just try  your stock dialer or pixelphone.
Pro version doesn't load The original dialer on my HTC Sensation disappeared from the screen. So the Ex Dialer was a good great relief to get me up and running. Ex Dialer is good, but it could not save new numbers. After a week or so, I was prompted to purchase the Pro version, which I did. However, the Pro version did not over write the original, and have loaded Pro version twice, but still left only withe the original Ex Dialer version. Not a  happy chappy.
Disappointed here I just bought this app. and can't even make a simple phone call, I was really excited to use it.  Please fix this problem as soon as possible.  If am not get any help wthis then am getting my money back
Does not work with samsung S5 I asked for help or refund and nobody answered. Do not waste your money .
No 911 Function This app crashes when dialing 911. Correct and I'll 5 star it,  but no emergency feature is entirely unacceptable.
Note 4 Disappointed. I can no longer use my customized dialer themes after receiving the Lollipop update. Please fix this so I can continue to use, and rate higher. Thanks
3 for what I paid 3 for this application and there is no difference from the trial version. Plus, the stock dialer continues to appear during phone calls. What is the point if upgrading and spending my money to get NOTHING I wish I could rate this with a zero
PRO Key should have some additional features Pls add possibility to search in contacts other fields, not just in name and surname. THNX
Crashes Droid Turbo I wanted so bad for this to work as the stock Droid Turbo dialer is garbage but this app creates nothing but problems.  The phone freezes at least once a day launching the dialer.  Not happy I had to pay for this as well.
Dialer does not show on speaker phone  very irritating when calling numbers with an IVR facility. Also FB profile pics don't show And I bought the pro key thinking this would be solved No such luck
