The app brought my Galaxy S6 to its knees when I launched it.  Everything slowed to a crawl, I couldnt close the app, and I couldnt power down.  Finally, after several minutes, I was able to close the app and regain control of my phone.  I hope this is something that can be fixed  I really want to use the app.
Everytime I try to install it crashes my phone I then  have to restart my phone in order to get it to work and uninstall the app. Sent email for help with no reply.
Please Help...Stopped Working I can no longer open the paid version of the app. Can you please look into this for me. Once working again, I will give 5 stars. Thank you
After update app does not work The update did make the design nicer but it added a menu in between that makes you take an extra step to reach the book and market their other books. So now you download the app and then download the book, and going into the topics it does not find the files, giving the error message Web page not available. Used to be a great app.
I need help Hi. I bought a new phone and installed this app again. How do I restore the purchase of the urban survival book It wants me to buy it again...
Incredibly unstable This has given me nothing but issues on my 2014 Stock Moto X. Popups sticking and not going away, screens not loading and just showing a spinner requiring a force close, and application freezes.
Keeps crashing Paid for this and it's keeps crashing my phone. Make it work or I want my money back.
Nice app but super slow. Running this on a Huewei G750 and it is really slow in loading the articles. Makes it a pain to use. The content is good though.
Total crap keeps downloading. The new version is a total crap it keeps downloading all the time from scratch never finishing the job so it never actually installs. And they want you to buy other books to the not existing library What a joke. Erik.
urban crashing Just got the app up and running without net connection post update and just purchased tbe urban survival from the apps title page and everytime i try to download it is crashes the whole app. Not happy. Please fix it. Thanks
The quiz section has no questions, only the answer variants......better fix it or remove it
No short cut Once the ultimate survival guide was installed did not get a short cut on s5 active
I jus't want to read Cannot connect to server. Need to sign in just to setting Oh please, simple is the new black. Wake up peeps Not all people like to have so many account.
Update crapola Messed up since the last couple of updates, cannot navigate, pages will not scroll, etc etc, looking through the reviews it appears that I am not alone, how can we roll back to the original sas.apk
Used to be good Paid for it ages ago snd it used to be sn awesome app to have, fast and easy to use. But since the big update it is now slow abd hard to navigate and has really let it self down. Wish they left the app how it was...
