Shame on you paradox. This fixed version now displays a license error that doesn't disappear. If you buy this app or any app setup a generic email address that you can use on each family members device so they all have access to the one purchased app.  The app is less than stellar.
Semifunctional rip off This is the 3rd time I've reviewed  this  app and it is now the worst app i have paid money for and the second worst app ive installed ever. If you have made the unfortunate decision to buy a paradox alarm, expect this app to work only occasionally...
Biggest crap this side of the equator This is by far the biggest load of sht excuse of an application I have ever seen  It is slow.  Keeps on giving errors.  Unable to connect. The list goes on and on.  Fix this
Incomplete I can'5 see how to trigger the two pgm outputs on the 150 module. Panel PGM functionality is fairly broken too, outputs can't be set to 'pulse' in the app so you have to remember to manually toggle them back. The whole PGM screen in the app is confusing and poor. All the app is really good for is arm and disarm, and for that it's ridiculously expensive.
No push notifications, license issues and drop outs By far one of the most useless alarm apps I have come accross will not send an alarm has activated unless you are logged inconnected. Has issues with dropping out and licensing and for 10 it was a waste of time and money. I have just lost a valuable coustomer because of the limitations of this app. When logged on and not dropping out can see some value in the app but not 10 worth my advice is DO NOT DOWNLOAD.
Insecure app It happened twice to disarm, get the green icon, but in fact the alarm was active. How stupid can it be 2 if I'm trying to am with one or more open zones, the app should take me automatically to the screen bypass zones . 3 please include a button to exit the app in one click. Note  the app is pricey for what it offers and considering that i bought your products Edit  the licensing mechanism is poorly thought, very annoying
Could be MUCH better Constant license errors, with timeout issues all the time. Each new version might actually be worse. Save your money or go with a different vendor.
It a concern that a brand like Paradox which I bought at a premium has an app with this much criticism Is there any indication thatvthese issues will be adressed or fixed in the near future.
Useless Needs a lot of work Useless Constant connection timeouts on 3G networks, or any network for that matter. Bypassing zones, disabling the alarm, etc all have connection timeout errors. Terrible app, never works properly when you want it to
Worse  Licence error is even worse now after latest update. Never mind resolved Would have been 5 star if not for this.    Great app, but for some reason the new release disappears from my S2 every now and then and I have to reinstall at least once a week.   SOLVED New release does not like to be installed to SD card. Moved to phone memory and all is well.
Simply not working After buying and installing the application it worked for a day and then just stop working,giving a message connection timeout. I can access the systems through the Web and also installed the iOS version which seems to be much more robust and reliability and the iOS is working flawlessly. It appears to me the Android version is just immature and still has multiple bugs. Funny thing is they charge for it 
Licence error 9 out 10 times opening Always when trying to get in on Vodacom I get licence errors Never had issues before the last 2 updates. All my other apps and Internet is working So bullshit that it is the service providers or Googles app store fault. I have legitimately paid for this app and can hardly ever use it due to licence issues. FRUSTRATING. I keep updating because the change log says you fixed the issues but it is still there.
Very bad app Spent 10 on this really bad application After Android 5.x update this CrAPP can't connect to my system at all Totally useless and I've paid 10 for it. How do it get my money back  Licence not found issue was still not fixed in 4.4.x. 90 of the time. Was and is worthless. Developers don't have the courtesy to respond or update customers
Very drab The licence issue is a nuisance and hardly never connects via mobile network. Plus take to many steps to connect or disconnect. Also the function for alarming does not work. This app seriously needs some fixes and upgrades. Very upsetting that a app that is not free be so bad.
Can't connect at all...  Doesn't work at all after update Please fix it asop Galaxy S5 Lollipop
Does not work on Samsung S6 Does not save even basic configuration values
Does it ever work This is the most unreliable app . It hardly ever works and you have to pay for it. What a waste.
Crashes Crashes when I try to open it since the update on March 19th    Now August and I was told in an email that in a couple of weeks we would get a hold fix to resolve the issue. It has yet to come.
License warning every time you start Seems paradox is more worried about making 2 than being useful to the customers that paid for the app legitimately. Every time you start the app expect to be warned about license issues and that you might possibly be using illegal software. Poor.
License check still not working With lollipop android 5.x the application still need at least 10 try to be able to connect. This is unacceptable for a professional alarm system company. All new smartphone in 2015 are gonna run under lollipop so please fix it if you don't want to loose potential customers.
Guys, make it stable. It can not establish a stabile connecrion. This makes it useless
Expensive for an app that barely works  keeps disconnecting witg Unknown error code
Practical at a bare minimum, clearly no effort or modern thinking used in making this software. Does not work with Lollipop.
Always asking for license should have gone concept
Error 906 What is error 906 How can I resolve it
Crappy app,  Always giving problems and blocking. Does not work well. Worst app I have paid for
