I use this app but it doesn't have a great interface and won't store your info or workouts when you get a new device. I would not recommend it to a friend. I would also hope that there would be updates to fix all the bugs and forced closes, but there hasn't been one since Feb.
Still absolute crp. REFUND please. Still showing completely wrong info as I add exercises. Just crashes every time i try to use it.  Won't sync between phone and tablet. BASIC FAIL Now can't change the name of custom workout, keeps reverting back to as it was
Love turns to hate real quick I already paid for the app now in the new update you keep getting asked to purchase premium. I already paid for the app why should i give you more money. This tells me there are other better apps out there and you arent making enough money because of competition. So in that case i will probably go pay for your competitors rather than you.
No support what so ever If anything goes wrong you are on your own. Bought the App and the premium package but app didn't give me access to premium and  still asks me to subscribe to the premium side of it. that was 30 down the drain. I sent 2 email and 10 days gone by and not a word they don't even have a phone number listed on the website. Scam Alert.
Premium isn't The basic app is pretty good. And the premium cost is reasonable. But it is far too hard to keep it working. Right now for the third time I am unable to access my premium account... Despite having paid for it.
This so hard to use its not worth 2.00 No good , I'm in the gym every day and I have to put my runtime in every time and can not plan out the week, its a pass
Still Crashes.. FIX IT After pressing the button LETS GET FIT the screen turns off and the alert comes Unfortunatelly, Fitness Buddy has stopped. FIX IT
Latest version badly broken While doing a workout the app does not properly record weight and reps. Just swiping left and right can clear a set I just added. The display seems to get out of sync. Doesn't always autofill the last set from thr last workout in the weight and reps boxes. Worked flawlessly in iOS and badly broken in Android.
Very Good App, a few tweaks and 5 stars Massive selection of exercises. The interface could use a lot tweaking. It's not user friendly, but it gets the job done.  Edit Stop downloading those colored pictures to my phone advertising your premium service
Needs Work Crashes occasionally. Can't restart workout. Sync issues. Can't easily edit custom exercises. Interface is very time consuming and clunky. Emailed support about the sync problem and got a form letter type reply. Nothing got fixed. Emailed them again several days later and got another form let type email. Not really expecting anything to get fixed this time either. I would not but this app again.
No Life Fitness machines Seriously folks Nowhere in this app are the Life Fitness machines ir their type which I have seen in every exercise facility I've ever been to
