Routines don't flow between poses Half of the fun of yoga is the flow between poses.  This just shows you the pose, tells you what the next is, then shows the model in the next pose.  I'd much prefer an app that had the actual flow between poses that a real class has.  It's a great snapshot index of poses, but not a good guide for a yoga practice.
Frozen After i download it i found out you needed internet to even look at the yoga position and it kept freezing up on me when i un installed it the app was still frozen in my notification slot i had to factory reset my phone
That's disappointing Okay, so you need like a a full version or something to get all the different things it offers, so it really isn't worth it. There's only like 510 different things you can do in this.
Don't buy if you have multiple accounts on one phone It does not like having multiple accounts.  Customer service does not come back with any explanation
Fix it or refund me. I had this app a short time and have not used it  yet. I decided to pay the 1.99 for full access but when my phone started acting  funny and had to be fixed  this app was gone. I shouldn't  have  to  pay again for full access.  I am quite  upset.
Keep freezing. Very disappointed, there are some bugs on this app, if you are using the programs with videos the app freezes the phone, the only way to turn the app off is to take the battery out from my phone, very annoying.
Crashes all the time Crashes all the time. I cannot get to finish a program without crashing over 710 times. Everytime it crashes i need to start from the beggining. The paid programs are very similar to each other. Not too much of a diversity of exercises. Generally I am not liking it
useless app i download it for learning about yuga but all levels are locked and have a option for buy .. i dont wana pay here i will join yuga classes ..this app is useless ..
Why did everything become paid access I've had this app for a while but also haven't used it in a while. It used to have many programs open and now only 2
Yoga studio I was very disappointed I expected guided yoga session but there was virtually no instruction for beginners. Worse, the image shows a woman in a pose and silence for minutes on end. Not meant, it seems, as yoga instruction. The only thing it is good for is watching a woman sit in child's pose for 23 mins, then assume another pose for the next 23 mins, etc. Misleading advertisement for this app.
Too long to load I waited almost 15 minutes for a program to load. I never got to try an excerise since I wasn't going to wait for 100.
Downloaded an entire 332 Mb program then when I start it it loadsdownloads all over as if I had not downloaded it.  Unable to use it unless I do one exercise at a time, view and learn the exercise, then do the exercise.  That transitional time ruins the experience.
Limited free version Installed and opened today and without buying anything, you get 2 programs. The others cost 2 each. Not worth my time.
