Newest update has messed up the app  PLEASE FIX Some of us are forced to use this app for texts so Please fix the problems that have come up after the newest update Emails will not sort correctly. And notifications will say I have a new text when I don't
Update I recently updated this app. When i get msgs and reply it always seems to get mixed up. Puts there msg after mine. Says i have new msgs which i dont because i replied.       November 24....i updated this app and now all my minutes are gone Had more than what i have now. Thinking of uninstalling this app
An evolution gone wrong. Your support staff was unable to answer this exact question on three separate occasions.  Do you honor textplus gold users with an ad free experience As well two time now, presumably upper level support has contacted me and said I was now ad free because of my reviews when in fact I am not ad free. Very frustrating.
So many things wrong I've paid for mins multiple times on thus app yet it barely works. It's ridiculously unreliable. My calls come it when they feel like it. The app freezes with every call I make. My texts don't show up in order. Textmissed call notifications barely show up.  I'd just really like to know why there are so many issues. And if they are working on fixing them. Cause I see no point in paying for mins if it's going to be the same bull
Full of glitches So many problems and glitches and more annoying ads than before. Previous version was so much better.
This is getting ridiculous Now I am having connection issues I have full bars on my WiFi and for some reason it will not connect. It is also telling me that I have messages that have not sent when I know they have. Please fix this problem
No pop out window I really liked not having to go to the app itself to respond to or read my messages. In any future updates, please put that feature back in.  Update app is getting worse. Instead of updating ease of use, I'm getting more stupid pointless emojis. Ate up my data with random video ads, and is taking forever to sendreceive messages. Please fix this and stop adding stupid useless things.
When I went from TextPlus to NextPlus IT CHANGED MY PHONE number WITHOUT INFORMING ME. It was a local but now it's who knows where Boo hiss
Won't load my texts it just buffers and buffers. No chat heads anymore you have to open the app. And the Calls are crap. I wouldn't even give it one star.
Updates ruin it The app seems to be getting worse and worse with every update. What used to be a reliable texting app is now buggy and half the time does not even notify you that a new text message has arrived. The incoming call notifications are even worse. It is becoming unbearable and no longer worth the effort of abandoning a real mobile carrier. RIP, NextPlus.
Wish i could give 0 stars Sign up made an account on your old text plus, was told to download this app instead and it wont let me on ot reset my password Useless app dont download
Spammers Reinstalled this app for the sole purpose of rating it one star. Previous uninstall was due to several better alternatives. Nust got text on my real number from them so they are spammers as well
I'll be having a convo with someone and half of my messages don't send, so the person thinks I'm ignoring them......this app is the reason I'm still single.
Attempted to call one of my contacts that is not a Nextplus app user and got a message my phone call would start after two video ads. Okay, fine by me however after 3 ads call did not connect.
Mms as a link  and so slow to start.. no change Google voice provides everything free.. better integration.. and mms sent as mms... and slow to start.. like it sync for full 20 sec.. before it opens.. baddddd app.. need a lot of improvements.. u guys don't change or fix what matters. Useless bad app
This is unbelievable. Keeps freezing and the only option is to force stop it. I could've spent that money on any other app that actually works...
Took away my credits My credit was around 3.95. Now,  it shows up only 11cents Why you took away credits
