Aw man  Thanks  Before I got this app, something happened. It said a dangerous virus was found on my device. I downloaded this and, woo hoo Its much more safer
 It was easy to download and it was fast to use and easy to use on a ZTE android phone I wouldn't delete this app.. It even hides photos but at first I freaked out because I couldn't find the hiden photo but then I accualy found it ........ So I give this a 9 out of 10 so I do recommend it ..... It really does hide stuff u wanna lock
WOW.. Just try WILD WALLET App Using this referal d 1050157 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...ok
Thanks This app really sucures you private apps photos and even if some one try to break in it takes a picture of them
It's really good app I haven't experienced any bad gestures from this app, it's really cool cause I use to get my phone hacked by family members and friends....on my facebook messaging guys through text even posting off guard or ugly pics on my snapchat....but now that I can lock any app on my phone...I feel at ease that nobody is going to go through my phone......So thank you
Great awesome LOVE Im bad so this really helps...keeps ppl AWAY
Nice App It really helps me protect my off e and gets rid of those fake virus pages
Holy I like it because it keeps all your stuff private and you dont have to worry about someone stealing your passwords and other things.
Love it It protects all my stuff and tried it my self I dissent even realize that it took a picture of me
Gia Problem solved. I never visited adult sites other than maybe dating, no explicit pictures etc. and for some reason the virus was caught stated I had. Any who this app here fixed it. Ty
AMAZING Ok I love all but having to put the password in a thousand times but is effective and will keep intruders out of your phone
Awesome app forever Very useful app tells when someone is breaking into this app.I love it good appand it perfectly good toothanks
It's really good it locks all your apps and rakes a picture of who tries to get into it
5 star for sure I love it all within a password and protected fromhackers or intruders
I love it...  Good Good Good Good Good. 
Its a really good app were no one can get in none of your apps they have to no the password and if they get IG wrong it texts a pic of them
