SamsungS4 It's perfect.  I love this game very much.  I wish there were more trading levels that could be reached with new sets of toys and coins and all,  but I'm still going to play it for a very long time. The ads are not annoying or constant and it's very easy to exit when I'm done or out of turns.
Fun It makes me feel like I am actually playing and mostly winning . adding extra stuff makes it more fun.
This was the first time I ever had so much fun I love this game with the same thing to say I don't know what you doing want to have a baby I love you too baby girl and I want to have a baby I love you too baby girl and I want to have a baby I love you too baby girl and I want to have a baby I love you too baby girl and I want to have a baby
LOVED IT I love prise claw because it has so much things to do on it I just sit up on it aallllllll night even school nights it is that fun when I am grounded from it I still go on it my mum grounds me even more but I don't really care it has got ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much textrer in it and o much enjoyment hahaha. I just love the game so much I will even put more on evry day I am not grounded from it any more but probally will do .hahagA
So addicting. It is fun to try to grab more than one toy at a time. It is easy although, if you exit out without saving you have to start over.
Cant find good enough word for comment title Awesome Game. Needs more machines though. I have ideas for energy in new machines. There should be one called Grab which will instantly grab with 40 ENERGY, not a grab. Also Large Claw, which makes the claw grow for 1 grab and makes it get multiple items for 80 ENERGY relative to magnet.  And flick should be in it 60 and as the 20 should be where it highlights what it will pick up kind of like laser sight
You should get this ...... Because it makes you better at the prize machine and makes your skills improve more.
Prize Claw I look forward to playing it,  it's crazy, I never thought I would be one of those people, Always on their phone playing some game every time you see them, But I guess You Just Have To Find The Right Game to turn into One Of Those PEOPLE. This game, PRIZE CLAW did me. I'm hooked
Wow I like it .I just  don't know if my sister like s it because if she doesn't I have to delete it.
