Best Twitter App Out There Excellent widget, performance, and design. Clean look, highly customizable, and has a UI that gives you everything you need from a Twitter experience. By far and away the best one of there.
Fast and Beautiful The Talon user interface is intuitive and fast. Timelines display clearly and cleanly.
Nearly Perfect I like this app and I have had all the major twitter apps on both ios and android over the years. What I would like though on Galaxy S6 Edge is the ability to shrink the tweet time line photos. But all in all this is the best out there for me. Good work guys.
Please change the app's icon I love everything about this app except its icon. Appearance is as important as app's functionality. And keep up the good work 
All good i love it
Thabest
Loveit
The best keeps getting better Not perfect, but darn close... And the level of support, how quickly we get changes from Twitter as well as constant improvements... The best, really.
Amazing App Stunning UI I was using Plume premium before Talon. The lag and connectivity issues were getting painful. Talon is no where near as bad. Bear in mind that this is primarily Twitter's fault.   One flaw The pictures are a much richer resolution the UI is beautiful so they use more data. Remove the previews to conserve data while on your carrier's network. Overall this was well worth the price of a fancy cup of coffee
Best twitter client for Android This is hands down the best twitter client that has fantastic UI and functionality. The developer also is on top of regular updates. If you have a lollipop phone or higher definitely use this twitter client
5 stars but Sucks that it doesn't have attach video like the stock twitter app. But I wouldn't ever switch back to stock.
Can't fault it Keeps getting better. Within the constraints imposed by Twitter of course
I haven't hated it I haven't hated it, which means it is loads better than the official client. I like the automatic, timebased theme changes. I like that it is an option to jump to the top of the timeline on load.
I tried other clients But somehow Talon feels lighter on my phone's cpu
Great Twitter Client Tried a lot of them and keep coming back to Talon. Not perfect but as close as I have found
Best twitter client I ever used Clean and simple user interface makes it nice to use and everything easily accessible. I would recommend this over other twitter clients.
