Awesome... Love did app...it makes very easy to understand d route. ....dwnld dis app guys..  ... even u get a chance to know d charges....I thnkzz to d developer fr creating such a nice app.....loved it ....
Need Improvement In this app you show where to change the Line but you doesnt mention towards which direction we have to move in new line we hav taken. One has to read the map to find exact side which we r to move. Please fix the issue.
Really Helpful for unknowns Let me salute to the developer for creating such a nice app. For nondelhite....It's a wonderful app to commute from Delhi metro rails
Best of best All the feature is very good.... And easy to operate ...
quite helpful no more need to mug up the routes and fares..because this app would do it for you  
Fab app whenever u need to know about mtro u can easily access ur metro route as well as fare chrges via this app.
Supper So good metro map ,also  outsiders from Delhi can easily understand this map .and can calculate money, time , from one station to another station .
Need update Include Badarpur to Escorts mujesar metro line  fare plz ..  N m happy to use ur app 
Shubham Mishra Guides very well about Delhi metro and I love the interface.but for map route, it is not showing. Please rectify it
Very Useful app Please update the map. There has been some modifications in route of purple line. Pls update it,and 51star frm my side Y
Exclnt app Very helpful,  plse tie it up gprs position of the person, also plse mention the distance between stations  in km as in mumbai local
Simply awesome  Must have app for all users of our lifetimemoney saver Delhi metro.
Veryhelpful n informative This app has been a lifesaver fr a nonmetro traveller lik me. Helps me help others too. The drawback being it isnt updated with the absolut latest change stations n stops as well as lacks feeder availability info. Else its a great app to have 
Must Have App For people travelling daily in Delhi...This app tells u Fare,MapHigh Resolution,Parking Facility and much more... 
Really nice app,  but parking rates are not upto mark, please upate this section too, thanx
Its brilliant app for those who dont know how to use metro to go somewhere. But thori si improvement  honi chaiye .
Awesome This app very lucky for me bcoz my route very long.. 1st tym I was very confused  than i was find this app download this app nd  no filler now..
Nice app dear Delhi metro delly use karne walo ke phone me hona chahiye taki wo un logo ki madat kar sake jo bhatak jate hai 
