So far so good... In Australia the revenue raising from accidentally going over the speed limit is ridiculous. This is a great app with HUD I would recommend it to everyone.
Love it This is the perfect app that will keep you out of trouble . I love that it tells me when go over the speed  limit.  I love also TJay it shows the speed limit that is supposed to be.  The night timw feature it works good when is really dark outside.
Revenue Raiser Resistance Great app worth paying for, You get a free trial period 7 days I think then it's time to buy the app and with user participation locating speed cams, red light cams, traffic, accidents, police officers, closed roads and the choice of side of the road the above are located  This app has a dash cam feature and a map that works either with or without google maps. Can you afford not to get this app
Brilliant I was amazed by the lifetime licence being a cheap oneoff payment and it's certainly worth it. All problems I had the nice developers solved quickly Best app ever
This is one of the best applications I have ever seen.It is a perfect, precise,and beautiful application in the android world.It never lets me down.
Absolutely love this app Great for on the way to and from work. I'm glad I bought the Premium. It's definitely worth the money for lifetime. Thank you for one of the best apps in a very long time
Great app I use it to overlay on other apps
Brilliant app Love this app saved me from a ticket a few times  the HUD screen is excellent I have it reflected in windscreen and it shows in my driving camera also great that you can see all your journies by the map with speeds showing  well worth buying 5 app  oh and it DOES showregisters mobile speed cameras 
Zala posee Ni nzuri sn I like it
Great app saves me from tickets.
Warns cameras and school zones at correct times as well and in background Best of its kind I have found.
Best app I have used Shows everything that I could want and everything is accurate
Great Works for me
HTC m9 Perfect 
VietNam So good
Loved it
Very good
Loved it.
  
Jacina
Fantastic Fantastic app, great update, love how you can now move the speed limit and speed icons. Keep up the good work.
