A MUST have Great app to help a sleep deprived mama keep track of it all It's helpful to be able to look at the  of feeds  diapers when the doctors ask. Love that it also has a medication option as my son was born premature  takes some meds. Overall very pleased with the app  highly recommend it.
This app has been a lifesaver since my baby has been born I still use it everyday. I don't know what I would do without it I highly recommend it
Great for OCD Mama I love this app I feel so much better knowing all the particulars day to day so I can see his progression. And it's great for doctor visits and check ups cuz i can just show the doctor the reports instead if trying to remember everything. Being a new mom is stressful enough, so this makes the job that much easier. Thank you       Edit Why have the widgets disappeared Aaaaaaahhhhhhh
Great app Love the app...my wife and I use it to know when its time to eat or time for a nap... One thing that would be awesome is the ability to sync with both our devices automatically rather than a force sync, or at least have that option and still choose whether or not you want notifications for feedings on your specific device. We depend on you  Revised thanks for adding the ability to auto sync... This app is great
Awesome App My baby boy has minor jaundice and this app has helped in relaying pertinent information even being an exhausted new mommy Thanks 
Awesome App Very Helpful so you don't have to write everything in a notebook or give your pediatrician a blank stare when he asks a feeding or diaper changing question. Well worth the upgrade to sync between phones and be able to pause feedings  Overall amazing app
Best app for feeding baby I have used this app since my girl was born.  Sometimes it's hard w a new baby trying to remember what time you fed them last and keeping track of when to feed them next.  You can totally customize this app to alert you any time you want it to.  I never miss a feed with this app
Amazing I've been recommending this to every new mom I know My baby was born 042315  I tracked feeds  diapers on papers the hospital gave me, but it was a huge pain. I found your app  it's far exceeded my expectations Features I love are the feeding heat map, multitude of reports, growth chart w percentiles, feed timer w pause option, sync between devices  moreI couldn't be more thrilled w this app  how it makes caring for my baby so much less stressful Thanks so much for this great app
UPDATE The new clock control was a bit frustrating to use at first, but its not the end of the world. It's probably more of a 'who moved my cheese' thing than anything eg. When we get comfortable with things, we tend to complain anytime they change.  ORIGINAL The app makes it super easy to track all of our baby's activities. My wife and I both bought the Pro version and love being able to sync data across our devices so we can each share responsibility.
Much improved Any complaints built up using the old version are fixed  The new time editing is lovely.  Well designed for onehanded use.  My wife still thinks it could use an easy switch from left to right rather than stoppingrestarting because our dr said to always offer the other breast but that's certainly not a failing of the developers.
Don't know what I'd do without it Looove this app I have been using it to track which side my son is on when it comes to feeding and since I feed on demand I can see what kind of scheduleroutine we are on. The pro version is definitely worth it, just for the widgets you can put on your home screen for easy access My husband also downloaded the app and synced ours together so he can see when it's time for a nap 
Remembers so I don't have to I keep track of everything my little one does in this app and it really helps to show trends in feedingsleepingdiapers etc that I know I wouldn't see otherwise as it all becomes a blur.
Great App Nice to be able to track when you feed, which side and for how long. It was a little misleading that the app was free though, you get like several weeks for free and then everything goes black and you have to purchase the full app.
Fantastic app Works like a charm Haven't had any issues and it does everything I want it to. Makes tracking everything a breeze. I love this app
Fantastic app I've been able to track everything to do with my baby's development from growth to feeds to medications to bathtime. It came in handy when my baby's growth stunted, as I was able to look through the data and work out my milk supply dropped off after a bout of mastitis. A life saver in my baby's case
Easily keeps me organized So easy to use. I especially like the widgets. No other app needed for me to record daily activities and receive reminders to feed, change, etc. I also really appreciate the ability to export all my data to csv so that I can analyze. I pump using two different devices, this allows me to see which device is more effective and efficient
Literally made being a parent easier. My wife and I both purchased and have used this every day for 14 months and counting.
Great app Helps so much with organising her feeds, sleeps, etc. An absolute must for anyone having their first child
