Stratego Really fun.. Great A.I play
Stratego Boy, what a solid well made game, this sure brings back memories, but now I can play the A.I. instead of a human adversary. Includes a tutorial for a refresher or in case you're new to this game, also has different difficulty settings.
I'm a lifelong Stratego lover and this app is great The graphics, the sounds, the music, and the statistics it keeps are all topnotch. The only improvement I'd make is playing strength the A. I. is okay, but it should be stronger. I'm sure this improvement will come in the next few updates. If you like Stratego and want it on your phone, this app is for you.
Excellent Great game and well worth the purchase. Looking forward to new content. Like others have said it is a bit easy at times but excellent none the less cheers and keep up the great work.
Fixed the Googlerequirement  thanks I can finally play in peace Brings back memories
The true Stratego  Very faithful adaptation of our beloved game  the AI is greatly improved, and due to a very responsive dev. team, an annoying bug multiple unwanted connections to Google Play just has been fixed in the last update . Definitively worth 5 stars 
Hooked Worth the money 100 Can't wait for more. Works well on my phone and tablet
Just two campaign Make more campaigns 
It should be multi player It would be better if it was multi player with freinds
Still freezes Love this game just can't beat it because it freezes on the last level please fix when you can.
Love it
I love it
Love it.
Great game I am not a big gamer, but I saw this title and thought I'd buy it. It is one of the only games I used to play as a child. This is a great game, it is like Stratego that I remember. I also bought the extra campaign, good work on this game.
Love it Reminds me of playing the same game as a child
Paid for the App, now Pay for Levels I paid 3 for this wonderful app, and I beat all the levels, Now I have to pay an extra 1 for more levels...
SuggestionFeedback I love the app, and I know how difficult it is to program an AI for a game like this. I had most fun in the campaign, and I'd gladly pay a quid for every ten more missions you can give me. Maybe set us up in losing situations and have us try and win, maybe set up some puzzles, maybe give us three scouts and a miner against two majors and have us playing bait and switch and bluffing to get through. Basically, more missions please 
