Fantastic For me personally I love the wwe app, picture quality is great, can't say I've had any lag issues with playback either, easy to access all content with hours to watch,well worth the price tag
Love It With My Unlimited Data Wwe Network Works Perfect Thanks For Adding Wcw Monday Nitro Could You Add 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 which is the rest of nitro and could you add wcw thunder thanks much appreciated For 9.99 any wrestling fan should get this hell if you don't like the new stuff watch the classics it's worth it The Only Problem Is When I Plug In A HDMI Cord To Watch It On TV It Lags And Stutters OtherWise When I Watch On My Phone It's Fine
I love watching wrestling I only get it on Monday night, but, I never miss a Monday night. Love Roman and Randy love it when they team up against bad guys. I love the loyal friendship that the Fringe and Roman have. Hope it does not get moved to a channel I do not get. I have limited stations because I am on a fixed income. This is one woman who likes to watch wrestling, and, I enjoy all the wrestlers Thanks for entertaining me. 
WWE This app seriously NEEDS chromecast support... I want to be able to stream it to my large screen... If not then there's no need to keep a 5 star rating
Great app Love this appgreat for catching up on raw n Smackdown especially when u can't watch it on tv. Updates were nice to thanks..
Wwe fan of the lifetime I have been watching wwe from many years and this app gives me my passion to wwe. Those who don't like this app are fools.
I love wwe since I was a young kid. My favorite are john cena, Roman Reigns, and Dean Ambrose.....
add new shows love the app but would like 2 c the full raw and smackdown on the app as well
At my age 62 I can go back to see matches I missed and watch the greats of Wrestling.  A great idea from WWE plus at the price 9.99 it's  great.
Had rubbish wifi before so wasn't worth downloading the app. Glad I got it sorted. Nxt well worth catching up with not to mention the ppv
WWE network Fab app for the grappling fan. Endless amounts of footage and all the ppvs live at the touch of a button.  Highly recommend.
WWE Rules c,, Awesome APP For WWE Fans. The APP Is Here 
WWE Survivor Series Loved survivor series this year needs to be on app to rather than just the network
Won't work  The wwe network wont let me watch anything I want.. it wont load shows ppv's or anything.. I have a Samsung galaxy mega.. it wont let me do anything on the wwe network..
WWE Network I love the app but they should add the chromecast for the wwe network.
Network  News Easy access and I can search up anything on the network in seconds. welldone
Great But please start wwe network in Pakistan there is too many fans of WWE..
