Awesome Our family has relied on Grubb on many occasions. They have yet to let us down.
Love the new UI
I love it It makes ordering food easy
Awesome I hate talking to people sometimes. This just makes it so much better. Especially since you can be thorough with your order
Awesome sauce Great app. Sometime order gets messed up but you can save your card and order in a minute
So easy I love using this app to find food wherever I am. It's easy to use and I HATE talking to people so I can just skip that step all together.
Well, when you want food... ...but you don't know what, or you want food but you're too inebriated to drivespeak on the phone, maybe it's just late and you don't want to walk around, or perhaps you just don't want to put clothes on. Grub Hub can be a life saver.
Awesomeness I love to eat and I love to order food AND I love not having to speak to someone who barely understands me, GrubHub u are awesomeness.... PS, please bring back the chances to win free drinks and food
Fantastic Never used this before and was  visiting Portland. Great food and wonderful delivery. Saved us the stress of going out and finding a place to eat. Thank you so much fora great experience.
FINALLY, ALLN1 delivery Sweeeet, just sucks when order is wrong or forgotten, restaurants don't deal with customers so ya can't barade them for crap service.
So convenient I love this app every time I use it it's so convenient and any time I've ever had a problem it's been quickly addressed or compensated by the establishment I ordered from or by GrubHub themselves got to have
Great app So the app is great. Responsive, quick, and very intuitive. Some people are extremely paranoid though about their credit card being on their phone which is weird since they have no problem putting their entire lives on it anyways. I feel bad for the developers since people are giving the rating for their restaurant experience rather than their app experience.
Great app Best app I've ever used. Great for people like me who hate talking on the phone.
Frequent user I love grub hub. I use this app so regularly, i dont even want to admit how often. I've had to call customer service twice  once because of my error, another because of an issue with a delivery driver. Customer service is beyond excellent  no hold times,  extremely friendly and fast customer service both issues resolved to my complete satisfaction within minutes. Great app, great company.
