Amazing It super app I like it so much. So cool and cute .. But some time it lose support improve this problem.
Awesome app Very light weight yet powerful and cute must have android dock
BEST THING EVER I love it it changed my phone it never freezes and I can use it whenever  I  want  to
Mz Polar Bear I like it a lot voice of Jim Carry in dumb and dumber unexpectedly surpassed my expectations.  A lot in lil' Bitty space.  Good job guys.
I love this app This app makes it real real easy to access everything your phone the graphics are cool how you get to him on the lock screen best app I've seen yet
So far so good Very convenient and easy to use. Would be nice to have a lot more themes to choose from though. Great job
Used for only a bit of time. Had to uninstall, prob wmy phone,  installed again. So far, I love  the features.
Very Good Installed this app about 2 weeks ago and after using it over that period have grown to like it more and more.
Cool.. Such an interesting app. Need more variety themes. Easy to swipe. But sometimes it hangs.
Omni swipe Now, this app is great  Yet, if it this good.  Then there is something else out there that's better. Till then, I'm going to enjoy the swipe  Peace
I love it Its helpful and organized. It allow you to quickly find your most used items so you don't have to go looking for it. Also it looks cool when you use it in front of other people.
I love this app too much but my phone stop when l put data on this days
Simply Brilliant.. I am in love with this feature app. Adds a complete new feel to the handheld. Themes have made it even better.. Great job..
Best ui Loved the User Interface.Easy nd Stylish at the same time
Lawrence Lai 1st time use Omni Swipe. Fantastic app. Thank you.
Amazing app Love it a lot. It's makes me feel more relaxed with my done.
Amazing Really easy to use and can get it up anywhere u want, brilliant
Loved omni Helps to see messages at one click when notification one Dont work
Best Great app but having difficulty on the corner swipe
THIS APP IS SO HELPFUL Holy crap this app is so help full. I need this forever.
Awesome App This is not a robotic rating. This app is a must have.
Fun and always available Helpful if you have to jump around from app to app. Just wish the ads were a little more subtle and not so frequent.
This is so handy I really love it and the fact it works in all and with any launcher, it really helps me get where I need to go much quicker.
Great time saving This app let me access functions I need quickly.
Cool app I like this app v. Much.... Its amazing loved it
Its Okie dokie Man, ill use ut cause I'm lazy
