Excellent app I've been using this app for 3 years, scoring Fastpitch. There are a few quirks but the app has gotten more solid over that time. Once I learned how to edit afterduring the game, I felt true mastery.  The more statssavvy coaches and parents love the detail they get out if it and all the adults love the iScorecast.
I love this I love this app soo much but find it difficult to use all of its functionality during a game. I find it easier to score in a book then IScore after. Then I upload stats and game scores to TeamPages. Also, very useful App.
Great App This app is impressive. It makes scoring a game very easy. The stats and scorecard it produces save time and have much more info than I have time to capture when scoring manually. Take the tutorials and read the manual and user forums. Perhaps the only pay app I've ever felt might actually be underpriced.
Fantastic app Great for broadcasting an Internet scorecast and for keeping accurate stats. Love it
Great app It has made keeping up with EVERY stat for the fastpitch travel ball team i coach a breeze not to mention i dont have to buy a score book anymore, at 9.99 its paid for itself in 2 months not having to spend 6.99 twice a month on score books  time saved from the old way of transferring stats from book to separate app aint bad either.
Great app I use it to track stats as the season goes along. We also email stats to other coaches.
Great Does what it says it will do.  It takes a little while to get used to it, but once you have it down it works great.  Tons of info
I have been using now for over two years, it's way better than gamechanger
Awesome stats Great app and awesome stats.  As a coach of a competitive fast pitch team,  I spend hours analyzing and using the stats to help me stay on top of what we need to work on.
After a learning period it becomes easy to use.  I'm in my second year of use with the program
Great scoring app Very easy to use on the fly. People back home loved being able to keep up with our games.
Great tool I have always loved scoring games and this app really scratches that itch
The best If you coach, iscore is a must.
Just scored my first game, love it so far
Excellent This app has improved so much since it first started out. It is my only method of scoring games as a coach now. Aand i have stats going back several seasons so i can see how players have improved. Keep up the good work
Overall I LOVE this app, but I HATE that with the new update I cannot turn off the half inning update tweets. I strongly prefer it when it only sent out the link at the beginning of the game and at the end of the game.
Great app I use this for girls' fast pitch. Love the love Web updates of the games.  Parents track the game online through this app when they can't make it to the game.
Just the best tool And the customer support is great
