Latest update won't update The message says package file is invalid. It only gets to 1.77 mb each time and then says installing. After a minute i get the message above. I've never had an update fail like this but am not surprised since this is glu. I am trying i this on both a Nexus 7 and Galaxy S2 Skyrocket.
Update Pls add better graphics and more maps like from console like Five, Moon, and the world at war ones...you dont have to do waw but pls other maps
This is a great game For everyone who WANTS maps that's new and released for Call of Duty BLACK OPS 2 ZOMBIES u need to BUY them urself on XBOX 360 XBOX ONE ect. Because this is Call of duty BLACK OPS 1 This is not BLACK OPS 2
Call Of Duty Black Ops Zombies It Doesnt Let Me Play Online On My Android Fix The Game Cause It Only Has Local Wifi And People Stop Complaining About Dis And That Its A COOL Game
I was asked So i was asked to do this by the game maker so i bought the game it has some downs but it is worth 6.99 so the game is all zombies 4 maps are available btw THIS IS NOT WORLD AT WAR ZOMBIES SO PLEASE STOP ASKING. So just buy the game and if u dont like it u can refund it.
CALL OF DUTY BLACK OPS ZOMBIES It needs one fix I try to play online but nobody joins the lobby that I'm . in Activision please fix it I made it up to round 70 I'm not kidding on kino besides that its still awesome and to change map you need to swipe your screen.
Call of Duty black ops zombies How  do you do gliches tell me please who wants to join me on multiplayer i am going to  kino on the game in multiplayer nobudy is joining  me please  join me i am doing single  map no one  is  joining  me why is nobody  playing with  me in the  game
Update I've been a fan of Call of Duty 4 simply cause of multiplayer but once zombies came into the scene I loved it and now that it's on the phone even better I play zombies wherever I want but I believe you guys should bring out a new update with possibly moon or new maps from black ops 2 or maybe make a black ops 2 version I'm a huge fan so I'd buy anything related to zombies please I beg of you update New maps or a new app thank you
superb nothing wrong with it what so ever, lets be honest people are just nitpicking, my only qaulm though is please can you add another map, like nuketown 2025 if you have the rights and ability to do that    Update please activision it's still not working on my Samsung galaxy note 4 running off 5.0lollipop yet strike team does,
I love it it amazing It a great game now I can play zombies everywhere but I would like to play multiplayer online so u can connect from far away not just on WiFi
Great game Just like Xbox or ps3 edition I am just hoping you make black ops 2 zombies... Hint. Hint. 
