Best app for disc golf score tracking and course discovery This app works wonderfully. I've used it multiple times now and have had no issues. This app just keeps getting better. By far the best disc golf app out there. Kudos to an awesome developer who fixes bugs and keeps adding features.
Great Works a treat. One feature that would be cool is a some sort of checklist that shows best score per hole so I can see which ones I still need to birdie, etc.  Also would be better if I could get more aces on my scorecards. D
Great app, great developer Love all the stats. And the developer is very responsive and helpful
Great app Worth every cent. Would like a android wear appconnection.
The best thing since DG I use this all the time
Excellent
Great app Best disc golf app in the game. Pay the 
BEST ONE
Best Disc Golf App Not only is this packed full of everything you could want in a disc golf app, but the dev is right on his game. Had an issue and got a prompt reply and the issue was solved quicker than I could have expected.
Best Disc Golf App Great app and Developer is extremely responsive. I've tried most of the Disc Golf offerings on android and this one stands above the rest.
Great app I tried a few other scoring apps but this one is hands down the best one I have used. Love the course layouts and various graphscharts that are available.
The best Love this app, has everything you could ask for in a disc golf app and the developer is super friendly and helpful. Can't rave about it enough
Course Maps Rule I love the course map feature.  It's saved me more than a few times on new courses that aren't well marked or have missing or vandalized signs.
Get this app now Love this app.  5he cloud is amazing.  Measuring throws has helped me so much
Very good indeed
Sweetness Great app
It's great I have used just about every disc golf golf app out there and this one is the best. You can do literally anything. I love and use it every time I play.
Hands down the best disc golf app out there
Absolutely the best I've tried all the rest, but always come back to UDisc. If you have an app related problem or a suggestion, the developer always responds quickly.
Great app Does just about everything you would want a DG app to do with new updates regularly. If you think 4 bucks a YEAR is to much to pay for a subscription, you're a jack wagon. Move to France and get on the dole.
Perfect This app has such a high ceiling, nothing but improvements and no setbacks. A suggestion for a future update, a team function for large group days where doubles come into play Keep up the amazing work, and my username is xmpolo
Best app for disc golf hands down Udisc  is the best investment for me since my vroc. Try the free version then if you like it buy the  version. Worth every penny.
The dev answers to bug reports. Amazing See title
Great App I just started playing disc golf and have been using this app since day 1. It's absolutely perfect.
Worth the investment Has everything I could want and need while playing. Easy to use. I like the stats and graphs, it makes it easy to track progress
Simply the best I've tried a few and Udisc is the best app for disc golf.
Great app works perfectly
