Best out there... Stay one step ahead of the news, before it becomes the news...  a vital survival tool of anyone living in today's world, know of disasters andor threats to you or your loved ones before most people even know they're happening, which could ultimately place you onto either of two lists, survivors or fatalities.  Nobrainer app that's also basically good for thinning out the herd, as for many, ignorance is simply bliss.
Works great I like that as I travel I can select the near me option and it goes to the closest area that I'm in to get that local emergency channel
Police scanner 5.0 Police scanner 5.0 works great but why can't you get your local school bus and garage codes for the county you live in
Awesome App. Super easy to use. A lot of the scanner apps actually does not perform well. You can't hear anything even if that particular station is live. This app does not have that problem yet. Let's hope they keep up this level of performance.
I love this app very very much I can listen to different cities police scanners Fire Department emergencies I love this app thank you
Very good app. If this app doeant work for you, dont leave a bad review Most of the time its not the app its your cheap azz phone
Very good The best of all of the apps that I have tried.
Leon Fincham 5.0 Police Scanner Works Great No Problems Thank You LJF.
Cool wish u had where u could scan back and forth from 2 stations.
Good app its fun to listen to other fire dept from the us to Chile.
Nice app.  Works as described.  I'm on a Note 5
Really good Hear everything all around i like it.
Outstanding Very convenient, has never failed me.
good to know whats going on around my state constant updates 
Police scanner 50 Works great. I receive a lot if calls. Recommend highly. James B.
Fire department Listing for call on my phone love it
E.Z.E Awesome app I suggest it to anybody
Great app for scanners Works like a charm
Policescanner5.0 I love knowing what 's going around me. Gives me a chance to get ready just in case its nearby my house. And be on lookout .
Good app,scanner radio 1 Keeps me up to date on      traffic local and other states
Scanner pro Scanner radio, loved it
nice but lacks local frequencies.
