some songs are getting synced properly both via usb and wifi some songs are 000 and get skipped whenever it comes on next while I listen to music. it's been happening a couple of times now some songs get fixed if i resync, then i find out others are still broken. please fix
Best app ever This is the best Android app ever I always lamented not having access to my iTunes playlists from my Android... Then I found this app and I was sad no more I never have to use the awful Windows Media Player to sync playlists to my phone ever again W00t 
best 2.99 I have spent on an app. On windows 10, download the app to your android, download the corresponding app on the desktop. It took a couple of goes to link but then sync'd 1200 albums in abpout 5 hours  par for files that size   and so far works faultlessly. Rocket player is easy to use and the end result is that I have replaced my broken 160gb ipod for the cost of a 60 microsd and the cost of this app. Why the   did i ever buy Apple
Great application I have used all of them available and this application is the best and easiest for sync . You guys have done a great job and I like that when someone has a problem that you respond quickly and work hard to fix it . Thank you.
Ipod replacement With this app you really do not need your ipod anymore. Great app, highly recommended, none better. I recommend it too a lot of people. Wireless functions beautifully with the secondary functionality of being able too transfer your photos and videos wirelessly as well.
Great Customer Service It works great on my htc one m8. I struggled to sync more than a few hundred at first. Great support from the app team, analysed my data straightaway from the sync log. Turned out I had a dodgy fake 128gb micro sd card. Bought a new memory card from reliable supplier, this time it synced 3000tracks in one go perfectly. Really fast sync on usb, now I use WiFi sync to update it with new tracks. Recommend this for the service
Definitely the best iTunestoAndroid app out there after trying all the other free and paid options. Super convenient to sync via wifi. Support was able to solve any issues quickly.
Life saving app I needed something to keep my phone and my iTunes library in sync while I work on cleaning up the library to ditch the iTunes ecosystem.  Well worth the pay version.
I don't often write reviews but need to update this one. I was having a problem with the app not working correctly, email the designers and got a reply within half the time they said they would. Fixed my problem quickly Great service gets me everytime. Thanks Chris
