Simple and Easy. If not the Best it's one of the most simple and useful Weather App. You don't need 1010 WINS if you have this installed on your smartphone
Great app I use this app all the time. It's very accurate with the weather. It's not like some other apps that change from it being 10 chance of rain to 100 right when starts raining.
Very good Loving the videos to go with forecasts. Would like to see some other maps in the app such as satellite, radar, gulf and jet stream forecasts to get a view of the bigger picture. We can't neglect these forecasts because they all play a role along with other weather and climate phenomenon.
I just downloaded this weather app and even though its winter and I may not like what I'm about to see in the near future as far as snow goes LOL , its still nice to have to be prepared for what's to come each week 
Never had a problem I don't recall ever having a problem with twc app on any of my phones.
I run this as much as I run Spotify... I love knowing what the day has in store before I walk out the door... The hourly conditions is my favorite since I do alot of bike ridinginforms me how warm I need to dress
Chicagoland Commuter I'm a retired Army veteran and value this application immensely. Due to my ongoing inability to drive, I've suffered from NonClassic Episodic Vertigo since June 2006 a severe case of motion sickness, I rely on this application to keep me abreast of the forever changing Windy City Weather. The your location, radarlive doppler, and future forecasts have consistently provided me with valuable information. I say, A JOB WELL DONE WEATHER CHANNEL Thank You
Much better than other weather apps. Beautiful and easy to use interface. More accurate as well. Cool videos too.
Love it fast, and accurate Works well, anyware... looks great in my android... fast and acurate ...  best views of atorms and radars...
Great I got this mostly because my kids are obsessed with checking current and future weather patterns. They love it. It does what it's supposed to tells us the weather. 
Best weather app For years this app has accurately keeps me up to date on all my favorite conditions. As a fisherman this has been one of the keys to my success. I've been able to track and watch storms live and have arrived at the perfect spot at the perfect time thanks to the convenience of this App. I no longer have to wait for weather reports on the news.
Accurate Up to date, accurate weather. Easy to use, and aesthetically pleasing.
Great app, might save many lives Very awesome app, thanks for all the hard work twc. It's a wild world out there 
Latest Update  is Now The Best Weather App So Far Userfriendly. Quick access to all you need to know Right now, Hourly, 10Day, Extended Forecast, Radar  Map, Live Radar, Hurricane Central, Health, Social Weather, Airport Condition, News, Videos, Boat and Beach. Great job in this latest update
Awesome It is the best best best best best best app evvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvver
