So far so good I like the interface, it's easy to follow.  No crashes while using it.  I would like to be able to update a course via the app and to be able to zoom in on the photos.  Keep up the good work.
I wish it would include course pictures as part of the scorecard. Also courses that don't have addresses don't show up on the map, which is how I like to search courses when I'm out of town.
Very good app I'm always leary about paying for an app without trying it, but because of their excellent website I figured I was safe. Well done app, accurate course distance numbers so far and very easy to use. Better than any of the others I tried.
Love this app I use this app exclusively. It's really solid. I like tracking my stats and keeping score for my friends.
Perfect for all ages. Great to play and track my kids scores but also good enough for the serious player. Must add
Good stuff This app has helped me to find and navigate through many courses. And I find score keeping to be intuitive and fast.
Great app Just got it so still getting familiar with the ui. Is there an upload photo app If not that would be a pretty sweet feature Thanks for the app
Best DG app All the DGCR course content direct in app and intuitive UI makes this beat out UDisc. It is easy to get started and easy to upload DGCR rounds. Would like to see automated score upload to DGCR as a setting and more integration with the site.
Liking it Just hook up to the local weather weather underground and its perfect.  Thanks
Big time Awesome. Been waiting for this a long time.
Best disc golf  app around Had an issue and it was sorted out promptly
Best app for disc golf. I've used and paid for other disc golf scorecard apps. Many start with the app and try to build a course database and community around it. That's like building a car without having any roads to drive it on. DGCR already has one of, if not the best, disc golf course databases and a large involved community. DGCR has the highways and byways, now here is the car to explore them with.
Great Early adopter and it's great
Awesome Does what it should.
Great App Love the course finder when I'm on the road.  Solid app for all DG fans.
Best disc golf ap Great for keeping score and even finding new courses nearby
Great app Works well
Love it
Love it
Newbie Easiest way to keep score that I have found.  GPS and scorecards work great.
Nice Love this app best disc golf app in the store easy hands down...
Best disc golf app  must have. I love this app and the website. I've kept every round on the app. It helps me find new courses and reviews help me navigate and set expectations. The group is responsive and are also disc golfers.
Great App Love it I especially like the way it works with the website.
Great app for finding and playing courses
Love it I love the fact that I can submit mine and my wife's scores to the website.
The Ultimate Disc Golf App DGCR has outdone themselves with this app. It is the easiest app to score rounds, look for courses, tournaments, and keep track of your disc golf stats. Only thing that could change is being able to set your own par for the course.
