The best Nice app.. Great work. Its sooo user friendly and it has great option to make our own shedules. Thanks...
It needs some upgrades... Its a perfect app...you should provide more details that how many times should we do per set
Amazing Great information so useful,and easy to use...
Simply the best Dont need to pay personal trainer anymore p
Superrrrrrrrrr app Very effective excersice. But u have to increase more excercise
Best app ever I have seeen so far Great job guys To have an option to make schedules is simply awesome. Days, reps, results all you can editYou have everything you might need. Easy to use...
Awesome I love this app. This app gives me all information about all type of workout...  Everyone should definately try this..
Awesome Only thing, there should have bin a tab where you can plan your own workout.
BEST This app deserves more then 5 stars.
Very nice This app really very useful for those persons which one make body...
Amazing I loved the app. But new exercises should be added time to time. I don't have trainer at my personal gym but this app does all the work. Thank you.
It's good Keep it up.. Need much improvement
.     .   
Simple Classic workouts and neat setup.
Very nice Looking forward for more exercises.
Sooo.......fittttt Super app...simply amazing
Highly important application I'm loving it
Nice app. I like the animations
THE BEST APP FOR GYM PURPOSE it is a very nice app it shows the movement also that how to do
asking i just wanna ask something..can i train my muscle everyday..i'm a beginner..
Just what i never expected Inspirational application
The best workout app Awsome app this is the best fitness app i ever used. It helps me more and different workout to do sa
Very good app Thanks a lot
Perfect Exactly what I wanted
Awesome app Great workout application it allows u to give ur 100 to the workout...hey just want to give one important information that I want the pro version but again and again u am trying to make the payment it's not going through I don't know what is the technical glitch while making the payment plz kindly revert....
Nice Really a very nice app.
am in love with this app.keep it up guys.
Amazing app. I would recommended for people that want to track their progress closely. Easiest apparently to navigate.
Very nice All work there
Very much help full app
