Great Twitter client for Android OS By far the best Twitter app available on Play Store. It's been updated constantly, and keeps getting better. Highly recommended
Fav Twitter App Has color customization along with some UI stuff.
Good.  Simple. I like it.
Excellent app Currently the best Twitter app by far. Love it
Feature rich Works best amongst the ones I have tried so far.
Galaxy S6 Very good..  Thanks
 
First Rate Twitter App Have dropped Falcon Pro and haven't looked back.
The best Twitter app Such a complete, adjustable and great app to work with, the very best I could find from the many in the store  I just can't understand that just thousand downloads have been done. My only longtime wish is the possibility to send one tweet simultaneously to two accounts.
Best twitter app I've tried And I've tried a Lot of then
Great twitter client Very happy with this app. Especially like that it remembers where I left off reading.
Great Twitter client Tried many and this works best for me.  Upgraded to the pay version to support the Dev.  One of the best... Give it a try.
Bestest Very good, great customization
Best client out there Has every customisation and functionality I need
Hands down best app for twitter
Scrolling now too fast Scrolling now often goes really fast very easily, please slow it down like before
The best. I've literally bought every twitter app there is. But I keep coming back to Twitpane Once you learn it, it's the most robust twitter app on the market. The only problem I have, is there's no notification when someone favorites a tweet, or retweets, or follows me. I have to log into twitter to see this. Am I missing something Still a great app though 5 stars for sure.
This app is great I've tried out almost all the Twitter apps out there, and this app is perfect.  I was a loyal ubersocial app user from my blackberry days, and it just wasn't cutting it anymore.  This app is clean and easy to use.
BEST TWITTER APP EVER I've searched forever for a Twitter app that actually works correctly  and I've found it  Finally an app that shows all REPLIES and CONVERSATIONS. Turn on and off RETWEETS. REMEMBERS TIMELINE POSITION Shows photos and Instagram photos. NO BLOATWARE I LOVE TWITPANE  Just 1 request  add the function to turn on and off notifications and mobile notifications. Thanks
Perfect
The Best Twitter app I have finally found the BEST twitter app. I have tried most and this is by far the best.
A pleasant surprise I've tried many a twitter client, being pretty picky, and I have to say I really like this one. It's lightweight, very functional  sharp looking as well. Nice job
Yay Unified DM You did it 5 stars Now this rocks Thanks
Amazing If you're using a galaxy note 4, this is hands down the best twitter app available
WOWWWW How can an app surpass others sooooo muchhh...  Leader by farrrrrrr  RECOMMENDED
