OMG I just LOVE this soo much amd its soo cool this is just perfect for people who play pocket edition and are sick and tired of playing steve so thx so much 
Good FREE skin creator Great for presents for ur addicted mc friends or younger cousins, great FREE skins for YouTube play
This app is awesome Creating your skin is super easy It was a bit time consuming before the update but now im loving it. Ive made so many different types of skins and I love how they look. When I was playing with my little sis, she hated the box around our heads, until she found out that you can take it off. Thanks for adding that in My favorite app EVER
Cool I made herobrine stapylongnose      L for lee Alex little kelly evil little kelly to I'm good at makeing skin's there cool. But they can't go to minecraft so I don't have those skins THAT'S A PROBLEM PLEASE FIX IT Sorry I'm mad my sister through a snowball at my eye now my eye is bleeding not cool if you laughed at me.if you did I will screem at you for 2 hours Ok bye guys.
This app is epic I love this app is awesome because you can create you own skin but if you can put it in Ps3 Xbox1 Xbox360 and Ps4 but again this app is cool
Carts are magic I love making my own character's.
I really like it The only thing that I wish that you  can do is put it on your system like ps4 or xbox1 or xbox360
Super The one suggestion is that you can access recent skins you have edited even if you havent saved it, because i had nearly finished a skin but i accidently clicked '' and then because i couldnt get off it i clicked 'blank character.' Other than that that i reccomend this app to EVERYONE. Btw, people who say it saves in a stupid place in the gallery, it doesnt. Also, the addition of helmets is great, but one more thing adding noise. That would make it the best app in history.
I'm trying it out This game looks cool what people have been saying I'm having a go it looks fun
That I can make a EVIL LF5. This is a cool app Not wrong It's cool and i love it
LOVED IT  It works fine and I created mine so nice,fast,but some times distracting but I still love it lt3 lt3
Awesome app This app is perfect for Minecraft the skins Minecraft come with are ugly but this app you get to make your own
LOVE IT SO MUCH This like my dream app It works great and I can make my own skin easily Plus, the steal a skin really wrecked my face and I was so speechless I was my idol Thank you so much for making this app Now I can finally be my idol WOOFLESS
I love skin editor I love this game,LOVE,LOVE,LOVE,LOVE the new update to this game cause u get to go over the head. Thumbs up definitely I'd This  PS. if u don't like this game then ur just crazy 
REALLY GOOD Its really good you need to get it Now I can fix up all y ugly skins into fabulous, shiny,brand new skins  Yaaaaaaaay
It is awesome It is so awesome thankyou who ever came up with this idea to make a skin creator game of mcpe
Amazing The only app that works I can actually make a skin and it loads it doesn't lie 1110
I LOVE IT But, can you download mc pe skins I have most of the pc skins but idk if there is for pe
I have this one all elecronics Omg its so amazing all you have to do is and the skin to gallery then you go to Minecraft pe then go to brouse  then add your skin
Love it I like to pretend to make a character its cool because I'm creative
DONT Like it Change it You get to change skins that you dont like into awsome ones
Best editor ever I was able to customize ANYTHING i wanted It was perfect for making a profile picture on my youtube channle A must have app for mincrafters that want there own custom skin. I love it
Amazing This game is amazing I wanted to create my own person for Minecraft and I got this app and it helped a lot I highly recommend this app.
