Casting There are a lot of specialised apps you there for casting. and i have tried most of them. None of them are as good and simple as this. It cannot cast all file types, but neither can all the other app out there. Very good app. Highly recommended.
Works perfectly with my Nexus 7. I got a Chromecast for Xmas and I was a bit skeptical whether it would work. After updating my TV Portal app and a few other tweaks it's the best thing ever. Can watch all my favorite shows, as I'm not in the US. No more waiting. 
Excellent Worked straight away and is tons better at casting than plex or playto. Only gripe is doesn't support. Avi. Really easy on chromecast why can't others be so simple..
About file types I keep reading about people complaining because this app won't cast their avi movie files.  Chromecast will only play mp4 format movies...its a limitation of Google's program,  not this app.  I suggest that you do a search here for an app called Format Factory.  You can easily use this to reformat your avi files into mp4 files. It also gives you many other audio and video reformatting options,  and can increase the functionality of this app immensely.
Just what I was looking for When I bought my lenovo yoga es file manager came preinstalled and after a few uses I installed it on my phone. I've been having so many issues with casting programs for Chromecast over the last two months so when I saw there was a plugin for ES I was over the moon. It works like a dream and I couldn't be happier that my favourite app is even more versatile.
Holy crap awesome This app is incredibly convenient. Well done Some file formats don't work yet but still, totally 5 stars
You guys are awesome How do you guys make money Devs I love everything you guys make, best file manager, no adds, it's not paid and nothing about donation.I don't know what I would do without Es File Explorer and I love this app, most of the ones on the play store are crap. Is there a way I can donate
You've tried the rest, now try the best Thank you ES Global for creating the most reliable, easytouse streaming app available. All of your applications ROCK. Hopefully Google Chromecast  will get a clue so we can stream .avi files.
Good timing I was getting tired of using the Xbox 360 for streaming my home network.. the solution was a 29 Chromecast and this app. We put this and the other apps onto our old Nexus 4, and it makes a great remote.
Small Size and Works Well Every picture, audio, and video I tried to play worked just fine. I had no issues with playback or controls. Keep in mind that your device may hinder functionality, especially if it's older. I've tried other Chromecast streaming apps and this one gave me the least troubles and takes up the least amount of room. It's definitely staying on my device.
I love Es global First of all there no ads and really great work from devolbers team thank you for your great work keep it up
Another Success Seriously is there anything you guys can't do right Yeah maybe it's not perfectly smooth yet but nothing is perfect yet on the Chromecast. Right now I'm using my phone to cast an m4v copy of Star Wars Despecialized to my TV from my desktop and it's running great, it even fast forwarded and rewound with minimal hiccup. Thanks for bringing another great functionality to ES, it seems every new feature is actually extremely useful, instead of just silly gimmicks. Great work
Better than Chromecast software I have mote e and google Chromecast was unable to play movies or videos from my Mobile. But this played without any issue. Just superb....
The app is great.  There was a slight hiccup where it wasn't working for a few weeks, but is back to normal.  It's the easiest way to stream mp4 files from my android devices to my chromecasts.  Highly recommended
This is what I've always wanted I thought the chromecast could have done this by default. Fnding out that it didn't. There weren't too many options out there. This one does exactly what I originally intended to use the chromecast for. Although there are some hiccups with some file types, lately it has been playing without issue.
