We Heart it I am having a huge problem I try to add photos to we heart it but I can only do it if I download them. It won't do it straight away.
What's not to heart At its worst, it is still one of the best apps I've ever discovered. You know, the kind of app you scroll through on a late night while eating a mounded spoon of peanut butter Yes, I, have found my own personal holy grail.
You have a limit when you like photos, you can only like so much pictures in an hour and it is annoying but other than that, I am obsessed with this app
I love it We heart it is a great, inspirational app. Its an Amazing app, wouldn't change anything about it. I love the layout and the profile layout too. Its all so nice and easy to use. Best app ever I like how it's more private, you can express yourself more privately in away. I really like that.
We heart It I really love it. I spend at least 3 hours of my day on this app, Keep up the good work
I love it Has all kinds of pictures. There are settings to set your profile up. You can also download pictures. Even text people
Dear we heart it It's really awesome app. But why everytime i'm closed this app i've to log in again. Pls fix it. Thx 
 It's my life. Literally my life. It's my life so much that it's helped me in my studies. Who knew Keep it up.
It could search for pics I wanted to see. Good app
WOW ThIS IS ThE FIrSt APp I HAVE EVEr GOt It IN MY PhOnE It GIVES ME MOST AWESOmE PIC'S TNX FOr MAkING THIS APP..........
One direction Thanks a lot for adding 1d category ...its amazing
I would give it a 10 stars if I could Obsessed with this app
Love it so much I really love this app  You can get alot of followers so fast And it's so easy to use.IN MY OPINION i think it's better than tumblr
Installed again Today is for some reasons I restored my phone and unfortunately all the apps deleted and guess what We Heart is the only pics app I can't stop myself to reinstalled again, I just love it because I like high quality pictures and most of all search option is so good of we heart it app,hats of for developers 
Loved it Es la mejor app que he tenido
BEST APP EVER Best thing ever
Last update failed to load any images this one won't even let me open the app.
Amazing It allows me to express my feelings towards anything I'm interested in. You litrally have to make new filters to make it even more awesome
The best and most easy site for finding good quality pictures.  Thank you
I   it I love this app a little too much haha
This app is great but every time I try to upload a picture it says error try again later I don't know why
