Well done great job Finally I find this.I thanks Max team for their great job.well done Thank you very much.
Good job Finally I got what i want...this is nice apps i never seen before and also wonderful interface of apps plz keep it up
Nice
Hi Good
Very nice app It's very nice and usefull app, It has beautiful interface and its very usefull, download it
I have got maxx english Certificate of excellence                    do I have to buy it again or I can login my id and continue from where I had left.
Micromax canvas A177 Sorry for my rates, I mean the app started acting strangely and crashes....but after a few days I reinstalled the app and it worked correctly.....
Very nice app. But add more apps
Maxx English App It's really fab. A small 15 minute consistent devotion doing daily practice on your preferred or weaker sections will surely work wonders
Recordings r not good enough 
Mast Bro
I loved the idea of teaching English through fun games I am already addicted to this app..
Great App This is the good app for the beginner's. Easy to use and easy to learn.
    ,           TikiTak ..  It is a must for everyone wanting to learn English..
Awesome app Made for people like me,who enjoy learning through games. Loved it
Loved it Made for people like me who have a great time learning through games.
Very helpful Unlike other apps, Learn English app adapts to my English fluency level. Speak well and tik talk are my favorites
Great app for learning Good app. Great way of learning through games
Great app which you can custoimize to your level Lots of really fun activities and a great, clear interface to guide you through all the different options. Highly recommended to anyone trying  to learn or improve their English
Nice App for giving Max English contest
Really super app for Learn English  I love it. Only 15 minutes of day can change your life style.  
Best app Very good app for learning english
Like the app Great work ...... Cheers 
Very powerful app to learn english, love it
Nice app to learn English
