I would pay for this Awesome so. Serves as a back up security for my note 4 standard lock. LOVE THE LOCATION lock. I never have to worry that any prying eyes or busy bodies can get into my phone if I forget to lock it or let someone use for a call.
Need a fix Please make it so when you pull up your recently viewed windows, the things you were locking don't show up in their original form.
I've tried several apps of this type but I had to come back. Truly the best one so far People who are complaining about 5.1 updates, are they blind or plain dumb It's a simple device administration setting
Useless after subscription feature added No need to pay for this just download the old version from google to get all premium features for free. Domobile labs, u did very wrong reducing the app features and making many app features for money benefit. Users need apps for work but apps with subscriptions are useless so u might have low no. Of subscribers. Too much disappointed from ur team. Wasn't expecting this from u all. I hope u understand this and make this free as it was before.
Wow just amazing Some people are facing problem first install the  simple app lock then install this one app lock will work perfectly awesomeThe best app on the playstore just amazing works great on my xperia z no one can uninstall your app lock only you can its the best thing on the earth i feel really safe and secure
Loved it Amazing app but occupying lots of space and ram too plzz fix this problem........    Hope u'll
Much Needed HIGHLY RECOMMEND FOR HYPOCRITICAL ASSHOLES. Works perfectly on my Galaxy S5. I love everything about it. Easy UI, love that I can have different profiles for different situations or reasons. No problems here with it getting killed, etc. Perfect Thanks again App Lock Developers.
Updates are absent within this app. It was last updated on September of last year. You guys know this thing is still here, right Or is this thing special and doesn't need updates
Slow best day I love because if your mom looks in your phone she doesn't know the lock so she won't see pohto. I love it
