Very good It was working very fine with android 5.1...But not finding bluetooth connection after updation to android6.0 ... Please do the needful thing to use the OBD car doctor pro happily
Superb I've tried many obd apps but this is the first that gives me working realtime data on my 3 cars and successfully cleared error codes and cleared the engine warning light My adaptor is a cheap one from eBay bought many years  ago. I think the developers are focusing on the protocols and adaptors rather than fancy displays which is very good because it works. Keep up the good work.
Perfection Found my problem with not showing lodged files while not connected. Have to just restart app and it's all there. Thanks
Great App I've been using obd car doc for a while now and its worked great for me. My lambda sensor heating element and temperature sensor were both faulty on my Seat Ibiza. The app along with a very cheap elm327 bluetooth dongle helped diagnose the problems, saving me loads on garage fees
Works well Good app. Seems to think my late model mitsubishi pajero is a Mazda but apart from that it's all good
Good OBDIi software I did try many other apps and this seems to be the only one working.  Not sure why,  but I can finally confirm my obdii device is working.  Also,  it connects quite fast for the car has been dianostic before if you tick the option in the setting.  No need to scan the protocol every time for the same car.
Great app Does everything I need
Works perfectly Used it on Ram2011 and Mustang2005. Excellent app.
BugMan Great Application.
Nice and Easy Very Nice and Good. I Pay For FULL.
Gave me more Is it really that hard to add analog gages, like rpm,oil pressure, Temp  oil  water. Voltage ,turbo boost,  and some digital like fuel consumption mpg
Excellent app Great app. Recommended.
Pro app This app is very helpful no its not a snap on or other 5000, dollar scanner but it rocks for the money the graph feature is the best out of all other apps I've used.
This app has saved me so much money. My friends a mechanic and he paid 10K for a diagnostic macine and this tell him the same thing it does. Needless to say I dont think would rate this app very highly
Pays for its self Highly recommand great
Keep up the good work Really nice app, easy to use, very helpful features e.g. PID combination  exporting recorded data. Works great with cheap ELM327 bought from ebay  china. Looking forward for manufacturer specific PID support.
Excellent
Good app reads ..parameters..  live Data.I can sherd. Great.
Thank you
Seems great But I have most of the main page greyed out. Anybody got an email address for help
