My daily addiction Love this app. Love scoring points toward free gas. I wish old timers like me could win instead of all the newcomers.
It's not working. What's up Gas Buddy App will not load and Web site appears to be not working either. Okay better now that I can report prices and view prices.
Extremely useful Love the simplicity to check nearby has prices or at an upcoming destination.  Very very useful for any traveler, has prices seem to be very accurate too
Always I travel a lot and use this app to find my Toptier gas. I love knowing right where to go even when I don't know where I am.
My Savior This app knows where all the gas is. If I want a certain brand I can find it and how far to it, just great.
Use it all the time It works great Use it every time I have to get gas in and outside my hometown.
Saves you time and money Instead of having to run around town lookin for cheap gas, load the app and it shows you who's the cheapest. I like being able to sesrch by price or distance
It helps me to find cheap gas, and very helpful for others to do the same..
Saved me plenty of money Check the times listed...this the best app for traveling.
Awesome This app has saved me SO much money Thanks Gas Buddy
Good on gas Like being able to compare gas prices not just locally but in other areas also.
Great app It really helps you find cheaper gas and is updated by users.
Coach Don Has been very helpful at both home and when on the road
I like the advanced warnings about price hikes.
Gas Dan This I'd a great application helps you cheaper gas.
Very handy Always check this app before going to fuel up.
Best gas app... ...this application saves you real money.  Gas prices regularly vary 2025 cents a gallon between stations in my area.  With an 18 gallon tank, that saves me about 4 bucks I fill up.
Love this app I drive 100 miles a day to work and back and this app helps me maximize my fuel budget by accurately knowing fuel prices in other areas. I can plan where I will stop to get gas ahead of time.
Great App It's a great app to find what you're looking for.  Also allows you to interact.
Saved me a lot of money Okay this is a great app. You have to participate by entering gas prices where you see them. All in all this is a user participation app and it's very, very good This App save you a lot of money. And it's a free app
Love it Use this frequently,  especially when traveling.
