Nothing compares. Amazing work The lens correction is incredible and really there is not much else like it. Streaming quality could be a little better Moonlight quality with lens correction, but even so it's hard to complain. Its still better than any streaming app I've found. A must buy for any Oculus Thrift enthusiast.
Fantastic. Worth every penny. Finished black ops 3 with this. Amazing. Keep improving please. Better frame rate is a must been playing over WiFi . More customisation as well for lens size for example. Good job and keep it up.
An Oculus Rift in my pocket for only 7 What's not to love  ...Well, it'd be nice if the quality was a tad better or it hit 60 FPS, but that's not a dealbreaker by any means. Sudden movements tend to throw off the motion tracking a bit, too.  But it's still amazing. Absolutely love it. And since it's in beta, I know it can only get better from here Now I can take a vacation without ever leaving my room, in Second Life.
This app is one of a kind. Im having a blast
Awesome dude's. Such an improvement over the previous version I'm using this with vorpX on my PC and a qHD LG G4. I have a oculus rift DK2 as well and I can honestly say this is much better.
Why wait for a 300 SteamVR or Oculus when this exists NOW All you need is a 20 strap on headset for your phone and you're ready to go. Seriously. It's really THAT good. GTA V in VR Come on. Seriously this is AMAZING.
I can't complain  even though my s4 has some drift.... it's just that . Very good taste of vr.
Nice app I used free version,then i purchased it.I m loving it
Great app
Love this app but This app is truly brilliant ,  its innovative and a great way too save 300 dollars on some of the other vr equipment,  thanks odd sheep
Best of its kind This is definitely the best VR streaming app out there. Very simple to setup, and the gameplay is smooth.
Thanks it working okay now I tried to play affected but the quality of the game was fair . Not that sharp image that showed on computer screen even after i tried to adjust is there any way i get like full quality HD  im useing my note 4
Works well Toshiba Qosmio 560m gtx nvidia, skyrim and Opensimsecond life alternate is lovely Customer service is instant.
 It works grate with borderlands 2, half life 2 and bioshock. I did have some problem with it disconecting a few times but it stoped after a wile. Thingk it was a problem with my usb cabel. Looks amzing with tridef and ultra settings for the vedio qality. I have a note 4 and a VR BOX head set and I must say after playing with the seting for a few minutes I got a exsperions close to the ocluse rift DK2.
Works great, easy to use Definitely worth the money
Seriously amazing This app is exactly what I've been looking for My only complaint is that the border of the image is too round If there was a way to adjust that, I would for sure give it 5 stars Seriously though...keep up the good work guys
Really good stuff
Its legit You can edit how you see it for the experience your after. 55 would mess with again
Works well Im not a heavy user or anything, but that this works at all is amazing  I tried it with game OutLast, and everything worked well.
Super app  just a little complaining This app is awesome, the only problem I have is with the last update. I don't think the vr menu is a good idea as you need to start client before server, so you need to put the head set, remove it, start the server and put the head set again  also it looks like the menu is refreshing only once per second which is pretty slow . If you could fix that it would be awesome  Keep working on this, its already super nice 
Great It is great... only if there was an auto setting.. where is scaled it perfectly and it 21st perfect. . Rn I would be playing cod and half of de screen would be moulded 
Amazing idea Wish I had a better laptop but this is so impressive. I am using it with the freefly vr headset and am blown away below well it works. It even mimics track IR which works great in dayz. Also tried with gta v, skyrim, deadpool, and a few others. Highly recommended
Needs a full readme with faqs Its functional, and actually works  Usb tethering works best odviously.  You will need a phone that is hotspot and usb tether capable.  Im VERY tech saavy, Its my work.  This was a bit of a challenge for me. Took 3 hours to get it all dialed in. Meaning some less saavy folks will give up. It IS still in development though.
genial forma de imerso VR. Pode requerer configurar os jogos para modo de janela  ao invs de full screen
Works great Using my existing phone instead of buying a purpose built VR headset is great for budget. Also, turning off lense correction and fake 3d, I'm able to stream my PC games in my house using a 360 controller for input.
Fantastic If you're trying to make a DIY VR headset, this is the app you want. Lots of features and it actually works
