Marcia I love this app. It helps me keep up with my list and add what I'm spending.
My Pantry Keeps track of what's in your pantry, what needs restocked, a shopping list of where you  want to shop for your groceries and how much they will cost and how much they did cost. Awesome app Thank you
A must have This app is perfect for everyone. I'm a super couponer,  rely heavily on it. The free one is good, but spending the money for the advanced version is well worth it I agree with the others though. The dev never responds. If someone comes up with an app featuring what this one does PLUS a scanner for coupons I'd switch
Still loving after three years I recommend my pantry to anyone who does shopping list, or wants to keep track of pantry items
Joyce I had this app before and loved it.
crashing fixed I have a tablet running 4.1.1 and am unable to use theapp. It keeps crashing. This looks like it would be a good app. I hope its fixable    Developer sent me a note last night that the application is fixed.  Talk about quick turn around  Cant wait to get home and get started using the app.
Bummer... I enjoyed using this App on my Samsung SCHI500. I used it every time I when to the store...  Unfortunately, the Galaxy doesn't bounce of the floor and I had to replace it with a Motorola Razr Maxx.   So when will you be updating this great program to work with the newer Droid software I want to install it but it's not compatible... I sure your working on it... how long will we need to wait
My Pantry 2 Great app simplifies an everyday task.
EXACTLY WHAT I NEED Finally an app I've only dreamed of  Thank you SOOOO much
I'm DEVASTATED I used this constantly with my DroidX.  When I changed to a Samsung G3, I didn't realize MP2 wouldnt work on it.  Now my entire and substantial kitchen inventory  is LOST in 3G space, plus I dont have this terrific app anymore
Updated Glad app is finally updated  Wonderful so excited to use on my phone
Loveit Easy and keeps meon track
Date Great app., but it would be good to be able to select no expiration date if we choose.
Very good This is very helpful to me.
