Very cool and I hate myself for buying it I feel like such a nerd but it's solid, some white dots I can't seem to get rid of though. And the white home icons at the bottom. Any way to make that stuff green Also the live wallpaper is amazing and doesn't seem to drain the battery at all which is pretty nice
This app is amazing With fallout 4 out and me having this to make my phone look like a pipboy makes me nust more ready to play fallout when i get it. Theres so much more potential for this app like better lock sreens because the ones on here already dont fit the screen there squares not rectangles so it kinda makes it pointless to have but its what ever the live wallpaper is the best. Thank you for this cant wait to see what else is in store
Great app Really love the theam. My only issue with it is that the clock wedgit is not allways right. Please look into fixing that
From 5 to 2 stars ..the new FO4 green is just terrible
Best theme ever I like the simple design and the cool widgets
Love the app. Awesome app. I love how organized all my stuff is now.
I really enjoy it I've always been a fallout fan and now I can finally have my very own pipboy
Amazing. So many icons to choose from, great wallpapers. It's not cheap but it's worth it for all the work that was put on this theme.
Heavy battery usage Love this app, but recently checked my battery usage and it seems to be draining it a lot on this app.  I'm using 3 widgets, would that be the reason
Love it
Best icon pack ever No matter if you're not a fallout fan, this is one of the best  if not THE best  icon packs ever. Thank you
Ready to travel the Wasteland Truly the best and coolest theme I've come across. Perfect to transform your phone into a pip boy. Super customizable and has some really cool widgets to mess around with. Tons of options to make it your own. Thank you
Works amazing Probably one of the best themes I've ever used for my phone. I enjoy it and love it. Works great on my 6S Edge
Beautiful Well made, perfectly functioning theme. Well worth the money.
Great but, It needs different live wallpaper backgrounds. Like the pip boy spinning or a symbol spinning. Something that takes up the entire screen. Not just different types of shades or glass. The icons are perfect and really good. Theme is good. But seriously it needs more live wallpaper backgrounds.
Fantastic If you want your phone to look like a pip boy screen, this is essentially all you need along with nova, of course.  Gorgeous attention to detail.   Absolutely recommended.
Amazing Collection You get a collection of app icons, wallpapers and widgets I love the widgets the best, they give my pipboy phone layout an even more pipboy look. Great work
Amazing This is one of my favorite icon and LW packs ever Perfect for Fallout fans I would just like to see more icons updated is all.
just amazing does exactly what it is supposed to do,  I've had no bugs, it actually works.
Great Theme This theme is great for all you fallout lovers. Alot of customization options on the widgets is really nice. The only issue I have seen is that the clock widget that comes with the theme, is about 30 seconds off the system clock. Not a deal breaker though. Great work
Flashlight Might want to check the coding on the flashlight app, pressed it simultaneously and kept the light on and after pressing it it said something like it couldn't turn the flashlight on, so might need something in coding to check if the light is on lol
