Looove this app,  So fun My son and I have such fun with this,  turning everyone we know into something out of Creature Feature Lol I also loved that they add more stuff,  even though,  lately,  there hasn't been much new stuff to grab for free,  but fun anyway... Until it's not,  hopefully,  they'll keep up with changing things up so it doesn't fall into boredom,  like sooooo many other pic apps For now,  tho,  we're here, and loving it
Great dress up  game and fun to prank people with ugle stuf U dress up people with makeup And with hair is awesome
A man and baby is called a Maby or ban
Very good People should download this app its very entertaining and funny
Great and fun I had this on my old phone and I was making everybody in the house look hilarious
Ian I love this app
Super More mask please
Funny as St
It's not too bad
Nice
Excellent
Fun
Amazing Love it
Great fun
Good Awesome  app  in the  world
Good entertainer Just for fun
Good Fun
fun great
Funny  as hell
Awsume
Cool Is a cool thing if you get the app you will have a tune of fun is cool get it the app is cool get the app also I rate it so it stop asking.
Awesome cool I loved it also I rate it 5 stars and I told my brother  and  sister  to download  it they said I like it
I love this I had this on my old phone and I wanted this on my new, it look hours because I searched photo editing
Face changer Great app loads of fun. No intrusive pop up ads or waiting time. Thanks alot
So funney I made my bro he look so funney i would love to give it 5 star
My 3  12 yrs old kid loves it completely My 3.5 yrs old daughter really got very much inclined towards this fabulous app since her 1st visit to this site. She enjoys changing photos and laughs a lot after changing to her choice. Lovely app. Great Also I need this app for placing marks in the photos. Deserves nothing less than 5 out of 5.
Just wow Thank you scoompa I never realized how changing someone's face could but wow it's fantastic please message me back bye.
Cool Hilarious and fun to make wrestlers , my family and dumb celebrities look ugly
Love it It's so funny u need to get it its fun BTW THIS IS JUST A OPINION SO U CA T JUDGE
Grait game however made this I love it I can make my family look funny
Best application ever my sister thought I got a free mask from a shop
