Love it I had the earlier versions of this app, which weren't bad. This one is way better Fast and smooth, just like I wish my driving was.
Great improvement from the old version. For the price, it's a no brainer. Hey Nick any chance of an update to include the new VR category. Keep up the good work.
Great app I added a few suggestions in my app review and Nick has added all of them very quickly.  Thank you
Great
Works Great Huge improvement over the previous app, must have for any iRacer on Android.
Updated Review After using the app for a couple weeks now, I really like it. The only thing I think it's missing and I'd like to see is a way that mark the forums read. Whether that be all the forums or just that subsection, either would be fine.
Fast, stable and user friendly This paid app version is the best for accessing iracing forum on mobile device. It even directly link you to the last forum post you're following. Great app.
Great app Much improved over the old version  all of my gripes with it are now gone. Can't recommend it enough. Awesome work thanks Nick
Perfect Quick and responsive, beautiful and customizable. This forum app for iRacing has all you need. I prefer this app over the Internet browser version
Great app for phone Good app for reading the trolls when at work
The goto app for reading the iRacing forums...
How can one do without it 
This is truly an excellent forum app Very nice improvement over last version. Great work
Great forum app once again, looks slick and modern, worth my 85p D
Great app for iracers So much better than the old one. Worth every penny.
The perfect app to keep track of what's going on at the iRacing forums when you're not around a pc. Already liked the old version a lot, but this new version is so much better and I love it. Definitely worth the purchase.
Very useful app if you browse iR forum regularly. Thanks Nick.
Excellent I use it every day and it works great Much faster than the previous version
Fantastic App Worth every penny plus a whole lot more. Great work Nick
Great app for the forums Works well. The developer has a thread in the forums and really listens to suggestions and adds requested features. Love the dark theme too
Still an Essential iRacing tool Faster and prettier than previous versions.  Love the dark theme.
Great, much better
Fast Nice job, threads load quickly.
