Totally awesome game  thumbs up gg developers The only thing is the sword hits only one unit. it's a magical sword infused with fire or ice trinket, so why hit only one unit even when enemy units are stacked. Should be a cleave effect to it, slash and burn. Took some hours to complete it.
Great game. Great game. Easy controls. I am still playing it and so far no issues or complaints at all. I'm really enjoying it. Hope there will be number 2 soon   Definitely worth playing 
Best Game on Android This was an absolute joy to play  No bugs, no glitches, and kept my attention all the way through.  It was challenging at times yet not so much so that I would throw my phone  I'm awaiting more  I and it is a truly FREE game with no hidden cost.
Speechless WOW. This is literally the best game I've ever played on Android. I even paid to get rid of the ads and I don't usually make inapp purchases. I can't believe this game was actually free, just wow. Touch Foo, I love you I really hope you guys carry on developing games like this
AMAZING but WHY DID IT HAVE TO BE SHATTERED AND 4 SHARDS REALLY 4 IT BETTER BE GOOD IF IT'S NOT YOU WILL HAVE 0 STARS FOREVER   On the other a hand qn a amazing game was created so sorry
Great game I already finished this game.  I defeated all the boss.  Hope there will be a part 2
Great but a question How can i get pass the dungeon called the caves 3 of 3 there are four arrows but only leads to one another dont know where to go
This is really good I have a good time such a great entertainment for my road trips or boring lonely time i recommend this to everyone out there fun and  easy 
LOVING EVERY MINUTE Great game The levels are a little challenging, requires a bit of thinking, but nothing too hard. There's achievements gain, weapon upgrades, and some challenging bosses. Not buggy or glitchy. Sad that I'm already halfway done.. Hoping there will be a part two
Excellent Game This is the best adventureplatformer I've ever played on my phone, and the fact that it was free is amazing. I did give 1.99 to get rid of the ads, because I felt like 'wow, these guys have made something so great and made it free to all of us, if we can, give a couple bucks'  like everyone else, I'm excited to see a second Swordigo or other creations as good as this one was
Getting Impatient..we all are When is Swordigo 2 coming out. This game is so freaking awesome I literally just cant wait for a franchise. My rating 
Loved it It's fun to play  you get to go on adventures and defeat the beasts and its just really cool
Great game, no replay Very fun and challenging. The AI of enemies is very dumb and easy to outsmart with a little practice. Some enemies are rather annoying, but mostly because of the surroundings. Had fun finding all the treasure chests and secrets. Sadly after the first playthrough there's nothing else to do.
Best arcade game It's superb with different bosses and swords to crush them. And now I had finished the whole game within 2days of download
Great Game When starting the game doesnt even load for a second.fun to play.                  But there should be a part 2 of this game ive completed the whole game now theirs nothing to do
Amazing game This is d game i always wanted... i love it... but now i m stuck at the dungeon of forennum n i dnt find any way out of it... please help
Great game, not overly complicated or hard, and can beat the whole thing without spending money on it, after enjoying that i would consider spending money to play a sequel
Not a gamer but this game made me one I had been looking for a game to get lost into and forget about life lol. Talk about attention to detail these guys at touch foo did an amazing job your work is much appreciated  great graphics and gameplay keeps you on your toes and late up at night , id love too get a part 2  glad i came across this game.
This is a really awesome game. No in app purchase Very well done, smooth, detailed, and requires no data to play. No service no problem.  Awesome an interesting story line, lots of ways to upgrade yourself.
Very awesome and interesting The best game ever Please Touch Foo or anybody, am at d great cave, d master said to venture into the chamber of power, so i don't  know road to get there, please anybody help. Love it than anything. Please more games like this and a Ninja game like swordigo . Anyone i share it with fell in love with it. Good job. Great work Touch Foo. Av neva seen any Awesome n sweet game like this on android. Am loving it  always. Pls help us we don't know road again.
Very fun indeed. Great controls. Beautiful visuals. So far I've really enjoyed it. The adverts are a necessity for free play but the ad removal price is very respectable. Great developers. They have avoided the mistake of ruining a good game by not using excessive money making tactics. Great game. Will enjoy checking out their other work. 
You've out done yourself Very impressive game. I finished it but I'm still trying to get all my achievements and level up to the max. It's very addicting and one of the best adventure games on mobile abd maybe even the best. I love it because it relates to zelda. And it's my favorite franchise so this game is an 1110 game. It's just that amazing. Amazing storyline,mechanics,swords,magic, swords and more swords. It's just that amazing
I love this game one of my favorite K where do I start. ..fun great storyline easy controls a bit challenging at times but strangely that ok...best part is it's playable offline definitely a keeper recommend to anyone whose into adventure games ..The Zelda of Android should make app of the year or something like that
Wish there was a sequel. The graphics are great, For a mobile game, anyway the controls are good  you can even customize the button position and HUD, the music is good the boss music is amazing, and combat is solid. Although the game gets frustrating near the end, it makes up for it with one of the best final bosses I have ever fought. I would highly recommend this game.
Absolutely one of the best One of the best I've played in my whole life. This game is absolutely wonderful. An adventure that will last more than several hours and still can't see the end of it, nore the end of new things. Epic adventure, like what the developer said. Can't miss it. By the way, play League of Angeles, too. Slightly more value than this one. Civilization 2 is still the best Baldur's Gate 2 is my 2. Overall, you really shouldn't miss this game. One of the best 5 stars.
Liked it It's a superb game. Very tough, interesting, amazing, not easy but very nice to play.
