I think this is going to become my go to watch face for when I'm out in general public. It's smartly designed, beautiful and seems to give me every piece of information I need except for one minor one.. Upcoming Events.  I wish those could be under the Current Weather like where it says Partly Cloudy, but other than that minor quibble, I love this watch face. Thank you Krona Industries
Great watchface. Packs lots of info into a small area without feeling crowded or cluttered. Doesn't excessively drain battery either, 24h on moto 360 v1.  I'd like to see the ability to replace the yellow and blue with other colors tho. Sometimes I feel like more of an orange and gray.
Amazing app, I just have an issue Loved this amazing watchface, battery is amazing on the 360 with the watchface, I have one complaint, I can't seem to be able to disable the precipitation ring
Once you've got it.. .. You'll never want another way to know what the weather is doing. It's so 'at a glance' intuitive when you get used to it. What's the weather like now Later Tomorrow Rain Sunny Cold Windy  a quick split second glance gives you that's the most brilliantly designed weather format  of any devicemedia I've ever seen. Bravo.
Weather doesnt work The weather feature does not work on this app. I have numerous other watch faces with weather feature on them and they all work fine but this one constantly says, Unknown Update Error and always same temperature no matter what actual temp might be, never changes.  Also Krona settings window on my phone continously crashes and says Unfortunately Knona Has Stopped. Uninstalledreinstalled but no change.  LG R Android Wear Watch
Great design for weather forecast At first it looks a little confusing but it takes only a minute to get it and it is a pretty clever system. Looking great on the Moto 360. It became my all time watchface and on an average use I get about 24 hours out of the 360 which is great. Weather is very precise, at least here in Florida. Totally worth the money. A custom color option would be great for future updates.
Absolutely wonderful This watch face changed the way my friends view smart watches. They used to mock and bully me for buying something useless, but now I see the jealousy in their eyes when they call me names. On a serious note, this watch face is gorgeous and well worth the money. Truly wonderful.
New to the Moto 360, I have a shoebox full of watchfaces, and many weather related watchfaces. Krona Sunlight is now my goto watchface.  It looks awesome, gives you the most important info easily at a glance time, temp, and really detailed forecast info when you want it. I agree with others, that at first glance, it's a bit confusing, but only takes a minute or two to understand the way it presents all of the detailed information. Well done
This is an amazing watch face. It's both beautiful and simultaneously informative. The only problem I have with it is that it switches to ambient so quickly I can't always take in everything it's displaying.
Very well executed. Chance of some colour options  update Are color options still in development or did you decide against it
Best watch face i found.  Tried several others over a couple of weeks but found nothing better.      Over 2 months later and still the only face i use on my zenwatch.
Good App It takes sometime to figure out. Weather temp matches the same as my car, by 1 degree difference,  close enough
Great watchface Really love it. Very smart system of showing the weather. Don't be put of by the complex look of it, you will get it after a couple of minutes. One tiprequest it would be great if you can toggle between actual temperature and feels like temperature by tapping on the screen. Same as wind information. I would like that. Thank for the awesome watch.
Simply superb. I always come back to this watch face. Practical, aesthetically pleasing and very easy to read.
Best Fantastic watch face,  very good with battery... Only think I wish I can see battery ife on the screen.. t will be fantastic
Excellent watch face Accurate and extremely functional. Has everything you need to know about your weather time and day. Works seamlessly with my Samsung Galaxy s4 and my LG G Watch.
So much info Great watchface,very clever and effective way to show a large amount of info on such a small screen. All that and it still actually looks good.
