1 of my favour app. i have some suggestions. 1. please add finger print security for app locking.    2. please add camera snap function when any one  trying to break locked apps. 3. please add a function for wifi scanning and threat detection. 4. please add voice notifications.
Watch over Me... So far I like all the features that I see with this app, I will be closely monitoring the future of its progress and relaying that information back.
Works pretty swell One thing I don't like, though, that hide notification thing is usually the notification I wanna hide lol. But it's still a nice app. Never tried that particular feature but it might be useful for message ignoring.
The best. And 360 has done it again, they are stronger faster and smarter than they've ever been, I'm definitely recommending lol.
This is a good sweet.  Cool app, so helpfully for me.
DU, CM A 360JEDI cares not about these things The force is strong with this one.
Good but I think that this app kinda lies about how much ir boosted, cleaned... It still gets 5 stars tho
DOWNLOAD NOW This is the best antivirus you can get It includes Find my phone, app lock, antivirus, junk file cleaner, system booster, and game booster The best tool you  can get
360 Optimizer Defender of the device, Great apps customized tool. New Year 2016th will expect the new version of the program. Thank's to the 360 developers for Android device.
Amazing Light, good design, simple and intuitive great program like it     D
Seems legit So far so good. We will see how it does in the long run.
Loved it This app really helps with saving battery a virus and cooling down your fone
Amazing I like it a lot it tells me when i need to clean my phone it tells me when an app is not safe
Awesome app Really a great app .Cleans the junk files and protects the phone ...
360 Every time I play a game it comes up infected then I go into 360 to clean it then when it's clean and no virus you go and play a game and still says infected that annoys me but other than that it's cool
Dr Lawali Muhammad I love it works well for my phone.
I love it It is bost yout mobile and anti vires and clean your mobile
Its a nice not only clean  boat but also save battery .
360 security Awesome  app, it dose  the job I like it.
This app I love This app I like because it really helps u with your phone
Love it Second time I have it on a different device and it never fails
Bring my phone to next level Good apps ...phone goes fast after boost
360 Thanks for making my life a little bit safer. 
This App is Really Good for your data, it also detects virus
Great It's a really great app. It helps to clean all the junk files in my phone automatically in a short time. It also makes my phone faster than before
Thanks,360 Security My tablet is no longer have viruses Thank you 360 Security
Loved It is the best way to get the my  downloads and  seen to cool down
Awesomeness I had trouble with my phone turning on and off n this app fixed the problem don't know how but it did. Awesome job guys keep it up best app ever
