This app is life It saved me so many times
Love it I use this app all of the time. Very accurate with arrival times  very helpful with finding directions. Great app.
Great app I'm a New Yorker, so I enjoy using the app, it's helpful and accurate.
Map It's nice to be able to pull up a NYC subway map on my phone without having to have internet. I use the map all the time.
Great for tourists My first review stated that you could not find routes by landmarks. I got a reply from the developers right away showing me how What great customer service Now that I know how to use it, it has been a great tool to navigate through the sometimes scary subway system. Thank you again
New York at a glance Great for new to town. I'd like some trivia info of areas.
First time in nyc and riding the subway. Very helpful app  especially the closure updates and map.
Best App in awhile This is the 1st app since nyc subway time that I really like, it's easy and accurate
Great app Great app that works offline and checking map in the subway where there is no service is great 
Easy and informative Perfect for using quickly before heading out anywhere
Very handy app This is an easy, very useful subway map app for New York. I didn't had wifi handy when I was in NYC but this app helped me navigate the NYC subway in my tablet so easy.
Is pretty impressive about NYC Subway is like using GPS it tells you where you need to go
Wonderful application I use almost every day.
Works Great When I'm in New york I like to use this app. Google maps also helps but this one gives you status updates on the train which is nice.
Great app Easy to use.  Update very fast and good feature.  Yes, ad do pop up, but it is freeware.
Didn't use it but will I am only visiting NYC in Jan 2016 but have saved some of my trips to favorites. Can't wait to use it to its full potential. Just a pity its not available on Windows devices
The BEST APP EVER  It is very useful, easy to use. You can use it without Internet . Thanks for this app
Love it. Never have to worry about finding a map or browsing the net.
Excelente Muy buena y facil de usar
