Good pick Definitely a better launcher than Zero. Im liking it. But is there an option to have certain apps hidden Or rather hide the folder of apps It'd be great if yes.
Whenever I restart the phone, some shortcuts from the home screen always disappear. Is there a way to solve this problem Other than this, it is a very good launcher.
Awesome Really great plus awesome launcher... huhu. Better than go launcher and next launcher that i had use before
Awesome It's great, it organized all my stuff for me and now I can find everything easier. Thank you so much
Clean and fast.... Can make it Ad free to enhance performance on low end phones with small RAM capacity
The Best 'Dock' option was cooler. Why is it gone
Thank you very much How can I hide the search bar on home screen
It is very nice app it makes your phone or your tablet what ever it  makes it very neet realy and whith it thims it gets nicer I am taling you download this app you will see your phone is gorgeous          thanks
Solo is Great but we want  DOCK Good launcher easy to access.  but Dear i missing the DOCK . Give us back Dock option
Gives my phone a complete new exotic look and ts super cool...
Wonderful launcher This is a wonderful do it yourself launcher I love it
Awsome Awsome app.... I love it..
Really good it's true Iam feeling happy
I jus love the app..and its style of finishing.. Would definitely recommend others..
Simply superb Very smooth.  Loved it.
Good launcher Definitely loved it
M0GMB0   Aalaw hai                                                                        try it out your self bitches
solo launcher i love it . it is just simple
Just wow I just love it.. Love everything bout it.. lovvvvvvveeeeee it.....  grt app.. Good job guys...
Awsome So smooth and easy to use
Nice It changed my phone's look
solo launcher i like this very nice
Amazing I definitely loved it...
solo launcher love it so much
Love this app This launcher app is really smooth running. I give it 5 stars
Superb I m using very long time this launcher I love it.....
Good one Friendly user
enjoying.. its nice...
Nice one I highly recommend
