Perfect No problem with my LG opt7 tracks gr8, love how u can use music in the app. All of the diff feat. like cal, pace, dist, ect is awesome and you can post all of ur activity, completely seamless. This App covered it. P.S i have used it sense March. 2015 gps in phone spotty  causing inacurrate overall good app. 112315 still running good.
Samsung s6 edge Awesome apps guys,  thanks
Excellent Tried a bunch of other running apps and this is by far the best The best ui, community, and add on support  ie. Smart watches, heart rate monitors, other apps, etc
Awesome Fantastic app for all round fitness and motivation
The best running app there is
Great
Works great
RUNTASTIC PRO
New Voice Coach The new Voice Coach sounds very nice and natural. Sometimes, for funnsies, i set it to a language I don't understand. Try it
Nearly perfect running aid Runtastic has nearly all you want to support you when running. Missing is the ability to directly import tracks from Google Earth, but there are plenty of sites that allow conversation of kmx to gmx. Also missing is audio guidance when first time running a new route and deviate from it. For the rest it is a great tool especially in the pro version and in connection with the gold account.
Great app I just wish I didn't have to work so hard to use it.  The product is even better now that I have the Orbit. As i can now look at my wrist for stats I don't need so much verbal feedback. October 2015 edit  Ok I still prefer the audio feedback for interval training
Everything I'm looking for So far, so good. I've only used this app a few times but so far, it's everything I was looking for. Not as user intuitive as I like to see but after a few false starts I figured it out.
Great But..... There are only two complaints I have about the app....1 GPS is often wrong. It is mostly accurate except that it has me running through buildings and had different distance calculations for the exact same route. 2 After running on the treadmill it asks for edits, but when you try and save them it reverts back to a time with no distance and an inaccurate calorie count..... Otherwise it's an awesome app And very helpful
I like it I've had this a couple of years now, and its always been pretty reliable. I would like for there to be a setting so it doles out positive reinforcement, but otherwise it's perfect for someone like me, as a sporadic runner
Awesome app, Only lacking tom tom watch support. Importing does work with it, but it's a bit of anuisance, but otherwise packed with features. Gold was well worth the purchase price.
Very good It's the one app I've found it doesn't drop the connection half the time, distance measure is accurate and the auto pause is awesome
