Have been using this through several generations. Just recently with update 5.7 it stopped working but after further investigation other apps that use the camera stopped working. Rebooted phone and yay everything works
this app is awesome on my zte z850 grand x 2 the  still shows up as upside down in the preview but the 180 option makes the pictures come out look right. please add panoramic shooting mode
Worth it at any price The worst problem with most cam's is holding it steady to take the picture even with the flash in sunlight.  With this apps ability to show a graph of holding steady and time it to take a perfect picture, even my caffeinated hands can take an sharp photo with the jitters and blur  All the other features are great, too.
Wonderful App This was the first app I purchased when I began my foray into the world of smartphones. I still love it and the picture quality is amazing. Great features including the option for a frontfacing camera. It's easy to use,  especially for those of us who just point and click. My only complaint are the addons, they should be bundled into one package instead of a bunch of separate apps.
Best App This app is by far the best I have seen,  I have used many and this one is hard to beat.  Well worth the cost.
My Go To Android camera app Camera Zoom has been my choice across three generations and a dozen models of Android phones. It is consistently the easiest to produce great pictures and usually the most feature rich of the Android apps that I've seen and used.
Great photo editing app Ive had little problem's with this app and runs smoothly and photo options you can be creative. Yes some of the content is in app purchase but what you get is also great.
Love it It's my favorite camera to use.... not the free version though. The paid for version is worth paying for
Time to change my reviews. Back to 5 stars, finally letting me save on to the sd card using Note 4 lollipop . Thank you .
Tablet test Nexus 7 and Samsung Tab S 8.4  very  nice results and offers more than I expected from a camera app
BACK ON THE TOP I HAD GIVEN UP UNTIL A RECENT UPGRADE WAS A HOME RUN FOR THIS APP. NOW ITS FANTASTIC AND DOES EVERYTHING ITS SUPPOSED TO DO WITH MORE FREE ADD ONS I. LOVE THIS CAMERA APP Lg volt
THE BEST CAMERA APP FOR ANDROID As a sceptic of what difference a camera app would actually make to the quality of pictures my 5mp camera would take, i downloaded the 2nd app on the review as it was free and it was noticeably better than the inbuilt android camera app.  So i decided for the small cost of zoom FX, i would try and it's certainly the best
Best 3rd party camera app by far Replced my default camera simply because it is such a better quality program.  I've tried tons of camera apps and I used the free version for a week and ended up purchasing the full application. I'm incredibly picky and RARELY spend money on apps but this is honestly completely worth the buy. So definitely try it out, you will not regret it.
