Perfect Been using the free version of this for years so decided to finally upgrade, and was definitely not disappointed. Simple, looks stunning, and works brilliantly. No better wallpaper app out there.
Wonderful I love this beautiful app. Excellent app. 5 Stars 
Amazing on Note 4 You guys are awesome. Themes are amazing, options are great, random generator, seriously this app is above and beyond any live wallpaper in my opinion. Keep up the great work BTW all themes run smoothly with no lag for me.
Very awesome As always, this developer makes amazing stuff I'm still waiting patiently for an update for Phototile Pro, but I'm excited to see new things from Joko
Pretty cool. I used to take the time to draw this style wall but now it's done instantly for me...
Definitely the best wallpaper apps This is the best wallpaper apps on market. Worth every penny
Amazing The modifications allowed in app are mind blowing. And so many elite quality wallpaper to choose from. A must have app
Mint Love it, essential purchase
Simply love it. Best live wallpapers ever.... So easy to live with day to day.
Minima Pro Live Wallpaper
great app, antialiasing working on all my devices now prolly the best lwp
Awesome themes and options
Material Design at its best Love how tweakable this app is. Very tasteful designs.  You'll never get tired of this one
So much fun I love this app. You can be as creative as you want by using the intuitive settings to design  your own live wallpapers. I would really love to be able to upload my own textures to the app
Just wow  This is the defenitely one the best apps I've downloaded I love how customizable this app is The tilt effect is the best feature tho You guys kill it . I highly recommend getting the pro version  I luv it
Very well done. Latest update brought texture and real dimensions to material design. Developer has evolved this app nicely. Why only 111 out of 171 loaded for my HTC One M8
Awesome Endlessly customizable. Beautiful designs. Love to randomize every couple of days. Smooth as silk on my Xperia Z3v.
Nice Development This is what you call a wallpaper app, I really enjoy the look and different vibe we as users can put into it and make it very unique accordingly. One thing that would be a really nice for future updates is if you guys can make us as users create our own wallpapers using images of our own I'm gallery like just allow us to do that and I will be sure more users will give 5 stars
Love It Want A Watch Face Version Of This For My Moto 360
Material, Creator, Gallery A material design portfolio of wallpapers updated infrequently that you can edit entirely yourself except for the shapes. The best 'live wallpaper' app, really utilising your phones accelerometer and gyroscope and the 'z axis' material design brought to the masses.
Best material wallpaper app Love this app. The selection is endless and looks great on the Note 5. Best feature is the random wallpaper on a timer I have tried many other similar apps and this is the only one that I have kept installed and used on multiple devices. The dev is awesome too. Helpful and responds in a timely manner.
6 stars There should be a way to rate something 65. This is that good.
Customization on the app is  I  this lwp. The custom theming that I've recently learned makes my phone look so much more me. If there where one drawback it'd be that there isn't a tutorial for theming built in.
