My most used app Honestly this is my only app that's stayed with me for a very long time,  and one of the first that I'll dl onto every new phone.
Time consuming. I actually spend quite a lot of time on 9gag. Almost all my breaks at work I'm on 9gag however there is a bit of sad stuff on here as well which is lame but overall amazing app.
Posts don't load After the new update, posts take a very very long time to load or sometimes never load at all. Problem with gifs too. Please fix this.
Even though it's my exam tomorrow, I'm sitting here wasting my time on 9gag Tomorrow is this one exam that can make or break my life. And here I am scrolling like a troll in to this abyss called 9gag. Thank you 9gag for ruining my life, one post at a time.
Removed Refresh button 9gag please give the refresh button back on top as I have to scroll it all they way up to watch new hot posts. 5 stars if you do this ASAP
Nice... It was so nice that the only thing I can describe my experience was nice, not good but nice, this app was nice to me
simply the best its an amazing app that make you laugh. it remind me of the time when i draw silly faces of my friends in classroom .                                                      liked the drake dance                         suggestions  block the ads                    do something for scrolling smooth     more specific categories
9gag is the only thing which loves me. I love 9gag and 9gag has never let me down. No matter what happens in life, i scroll through 9gag and it makes me happy. 9gag, I love you 
Great App. I'm giving 5 star to 9gag  because of how great they are and on how  they are very approachable to their FansConsumers.
Main kya bolun bc Chorr dy yrr tang na kr bar bar rate krny ka pooch k ab kr diye 5 stars jaa jee ly apni zindgai
Best thing ever.... I use it to past time and when my day is crappy it cheers me up it's the only app that has lasted so long
Awesome The site is awesome and the app runs pretty good so far, i have no problems at all.
Ten out of ten Hilarious app.  The best feature us that you can save images and show them to other people
Chat bug Everytime I go to the chat section of a post it freezes and I have to close it or it'll crash. Fix this.
Great app to have on recess at school. Come by me sometime. On youtube my name is SneakyLIZZARD XD. I post gaming content of all tyoes. Im very veritile. And all of my profit goes to chairity.
9gag is love. 9gag is life. No but seriously, the app has great functionality. Not mandatory but I went ahead and paid for the app through the inapp 'Get Pro' scheme. Maybe add the functionality when you go to pause a GIF playing, it actually stops where you pause rather than resetting the whole thing
Pretty good. I like the app. Works good, doesn't glitch or bug much. Plus 9GAG is awesome in any way
No words can do it justice Its just the best app ever made . faith in humanity restored
