Sad day It sucks that rdio is going away, been my favorite music app for a few years now. What's going to happen with all the music I've favorited over the years
Sad day. So sad to see this app bought out by Pandora. Rdio has been my favorite music service for the past 4 years. They've had the greatest support team ever and always responded to my concerns quickly and effectively. I didn't want to ever go to Spotify but it looks like I'm going to have to now.
Gonna miss it Sad Day to find out its over,  RIP Radio 
Awesome music streaming service I simply love the rdio's streaming service. Great music collection, worth paying for the subscription. Common don't let Pandora acquire it. The new update has slightly reduced the lag experienced in the android app.
WTH I'm very upset that rdio will no longer be in business soon. Sorry, Pandora, but not everyone loves you, and I won't pay for music that doesn't really let me choose what I want to listen to.  R.I.P. rdio
Well, it was fun Got the email on the end of Rdio.  Have all my albums in Rdio and now I'm going to lose them.  Sorry to see it go.
Absolutely Amazing But so sad. I will truly miss Rdio. It gave me easily accessible music, for a low price. I especially loved the remote feature. I will truly miss Rdio, maybe it will come back one day, but maybe not.
The last 5 stars, great service, too bad it must shutting down
Wish it wasn't being taken away So mad it's going away Loved it more than Pandora Way better features
Just one question what's going to happen with all our songs I've collected to many just to start over with another company  please say you got an answer for us Subscribers
If I rated you a five earlier, would you have not shut down I feel personally responsible.
Rdio makes Google Music their bch I have really enjoyed using this music app for the past couple of years and I wish it wasn't going to be canceled. I guess I'm going to brush the dust off my cd case, cause I'm not going to pay Google or another so called music app provider a dime. Good luck to the folks at Rdio
Really wish they weren't shutting down. I have used you guys for years no one else can compare..
Even better with live radio Love music libraries and radio live streams. Sorry to see them go.  Too bad Pandora can't port the services and users over.
Sure sucks there going away is there other music apps like it or worth the try
Sad My favorite service and the only one available in my country. I wish there was something we could do to save this service
Rip rdio Shame.  Will miss rdio as it was my favorite streaming service by a mile.
Sad to see it go. Almost feels like losing a friend. Gone through good times and bad times, but I wouldn't have traded it for anything. I am proud to have supported Rdio while I could.
Goodbye Guys It was fun till it lasted, going to miss you.
I'll miss you rdio I've enjoyed your companionship for a few years but now you're leaving me. Off to find a lesser music service.
Works just fine Everything works as it should.
