Classic Telltale Games Telltale Games never fails to amaze me. The game has an epic story and has already got me extremely excited for the second episode. The game gets you emotionally attached to the characters, just like The Walking Dead another game of theirs. There are a few minor bugs such as audio skipping and repetition, and the episode list saying that episodes are available ,when they're not. However this is nothing major at all. Keep up the great work
Good game Ramsay Bolton is great but he sucks. I just couldn't save him  I kept trying  So yea, it's a good game.
My 3rd comment .. This game is worth purchasing.. u only have to wait for 1 day after epidode 1...than u can download them  if u have purchased....loved this epic series...telltale has now become my favorite... demanding more telltale games.. 
A beautifully made game. First of all, if you're looking for a game that has hack and slash your way through dozens of enemies with Game of Thrones skins, then don't download this. This game is perfect for anyone that has had the fantasy of living in the world of GoT. The feeling of getting caught up in the dirty politics and affairs of the Seven Kingdoms makes you feel that you are a part of the story. Be warned enemies and allies change often. Great game by Telltale. Definitely 5 stars.
SO.MUCH.FUN Played this on my crappy Nexus 9 worst android tablet ever. The game is well worth the 19.00 for the season pass. Anyone complaining is just being cheap. You get great graphics, a great story line and hours of entertainment. I can't wait for the 6th episode and more
Incredible detail and graphics, very true to the show. Amazing voice actors too. I love the different choices you can make. Only thing I don't love is you have to pay for each episode individually
Amazing but could be better Amazing game and amazing storyline but.... price of each episode is ridiculous and glitches in game are annoying at times
Game of stories Great voice acting. Great plot. Just the right amount of interaction. Great pressure with on the fly decisions. I've been looking for something with the perfect ratio of gamemovie and this is it. Well done Telltale, love your work 
