Awesome icon pack Lots of really well designed icons, I found a match for all my apps. It gives a very nice touch to your device
Great icon pack Would rate this one of my top 5 favorite icon packs
Perfect. A beautiful explosion of colors can be found in every icon. Definitely worth my money.
Awesome Great job by developer. You will not be disappointed.
Love the colors and design.
So far my favorite theme The reason for this is that default app icons are still displayed correctly and not put in a little colorchanging bubble. Though if I try to use the icon request on any of your icon packs that I own it crashes, this is definitely in my top 5 apps.
One of the most creative icon packs ever. Over 3380 icons... Wow They hardly miss any icons. And, my pet peave, they have a custom voice mail. Incredible work
Sweet icons Every app I have is skinned... Fantastic work
Nice bro.....and your application price affordable for all thank you.....
App keeps crushing please fix it.
Great Icons Awesome design, many icons. This icon pack looks great on my Nexus 6p
Just bought it Loved it.
Clean Love it
Perfect Absolutely the best
Great design I always like these flat icon packs that aren't default circle or box, but this one wins because it doesn't put a colored boxcircle behind apps it hasn't supported
Only Dev I use for icons Simple but detailed material design. Most apps are covered. Use this one all the time.
Great Creator replies within the day and is very kind
Love it Worth every penny as always. Pure quality
Always updating Still one of my favorites.
Great and engaging customer support 
Another master piece
Awesome work as always Was looking for icons when I remember loving Vopor, glad I decided to go with this Beautiful pack, already themed a lot of apps and still the developer's so quick at responding to requests Keep up the good work, mate.
An attractive icon pack I'm a fan of any app that looks good and has some nice extras. In this case wallpapers. It gets five stars for the number of apps it supports.
good job add some these icons masked.. bukalapak. ifixit and all looks good
Materialized Awesome Material Icon Pack I've been looking for an Icon pack with this look and today I find it, great work Dev and thank you.
Awesome icon pack from the best developer Huge number of icons, and developer promptly adds missing icons when you request Two thumbs up 
I have purchased about ten other Icon Pack prior and I can tell you without a doubt, this is DA BOMB  One of the highest ICON pack items  over 3000 HD items, the developer will answer your emails  develop your apps on requests, what more do you want  I will give Viktor 6 Star  Cheers
Best icon pack
Excellent.
The best icon pack you have ever made so far Lots of icons, updated every week the far best icon pack developer ever Better than all on the Google Play Store these icons look amazing.  Worth the buy definitely.
Wonderful icon pack A lots of themed apps with a wonderful design and constantly updated to add new apps And wonderful support by Vertumus
Great icons. Icon maker responds really quickly to requests, but he already has most of them done all the apps I have anyway.
Dam great Easily worth the 1. Good work m8.
Beautiful Icon Pack With loads of options from probably the best icon builder out there  worth your money.
Amazing , lots of updates and quick responses
The best icon pack Worth every penny Looks great on my phone
Perfect icon pack I'm not usually a fan of Material style icons, but the variety of icons and the smooth colors make this pack a winner. Great app
