Love the hover bord game Give you calories you will burn, as well as accurate directions in a slick, user friendly display.  No problems yet
Best public transport app out there Crucially, it integrates all forms of transport, including walking. So this app really can get you from anywhere to anywhere. Stuck in a random part of London you don't know No problem as City Mapper will find the right bustube and walk you there. Brilliant
A must have for travelling Seriously, this app is absolutely perfect for travelling. Pair this with an android wear device, and it makes getting around an unfamiliar city easy.
This London Resident loves it This is a good app. I use it personally and professionally at a staff member on the Tube. I can put in obscure places that few people have heard of and it finds them no problem, and with good options to get there. The maps are clear. Also, if you end up in a part of town on a night out and can't figure out how to get home...it gets you home
By far the best transport app available Using it for London but it outclasses every other transport app I've used
On the dot I always plan my walk to the bus based on the app. It makes my life easy
Suggestion for new updates Could be interesting to set an automatic alarm for the last stop when you have a long travel and your mobile is in your pocket.
great app very good to use for getting to destinations as gives train times and bus times as well as transpott directions from a to b even down to the last metre walking distance its very good if you are doing deliveries and whats good not only works in uk works abroad too for when you travelling
Awesomeness I been looking for something so simple and OMG I think I just found it  . . . Easy intuitive and full of usefulness , I had to try two other apps to get to this , well worth it  . . . Love it...
Like it a lot Bikes, buses, taxis, tubes, trams, trains and boats... and some nice programming to pull them all together. Please don't  it up
Brilliant, nuanced, and intuitive. Always gets me where I want to go, without fail or miscommunication.
Great app We would've been lost without it when we took a trip to PhillyNYC
Best app on my phone Absolutely indispensable. Don't visit London without it.
Superb This is one of the best apps ever i purchased catch that bus app and that dosen.t work now. This is free so wow Well done to all involved
Replaced several other apps at one go For a Londoner  I can't vouch for other cities  this is the best travel app by far. And I've tried many.
Outstanding This app is brilliant. I have nothing bad to say  it's fast, clear, helpful, accurate  I wouldn't travel without it.
Amazing This is life savour application and the perfect innovation  fare, different routes, time table of every transportation vehicle. I hope our country too someday can use this app.
Great app It keeps getting better and better. Love it
So accurate Accurate,logical and easy to use  Better than google maps by far
Citymapper, you save tourists' lives This app is a tourist s best friend Without this app I would be lost by now  how the hell does it gives me get off soon at Hampstead It's MAGIC Love it
Excellent app Brilliant but just need alternate routes that is more cost effective, such as route by avoiding Zone 1 in London saves considerable amount of money. Overall, I love this app and use it several times a day.
Crucial app Easily my most used app, would literally be lost without it Sometimes there are alternative routes that are quicker, but that takes nothing away from how excellent and useful Citymapper is..5
A must have app This app is perfect and its very accurate gives you the exact time i love it.
One happy Londoner Impressive in every respect of functionality and efficiency. I desire only a more customisable UI, but that is a trifle.
Doesn't allow to use metric Would give it 5 stars if it displayed distances in metric system.
Its working well Thank you for fixing the app. It works fine. Thank you 
Best transport app After the addition of live bus time this is now the only app one would ever need
Awesome Map Love it Thank you for inventing this map I appreciated the real time train schedules.
I cannot resist The everything map is simply awesome. Try it and only a smile will last.
Best travel app EVER Has everything you will need  all forms of transport and live times
Perfect app This app helped me a lot as i am new in London. I'm using it since the day 1 when i arrived in London and it is easy to use. Tip for devs please create a save option for calculated routes to be available in offline. 70 of people had no internet on tube.
The Android Wear integration are the best I've ever seen.
