Great app for your bummer I love being able to scan my car, see what's happening, and then decide if it's something I can fix or need to take to the dealer.  Digital garage should be a nice addition.
Owner BMW X6 Wonderful app. Easy to operate and great options for coding. Thank you very much.
Excellent app Keep developing it for the F cars please
Carly for BMW and Bluetooth adapter were the best choice. However, Bluetooth adapter was too small and had trouble with disassembly from OBDII port. I hope for improvement such as attaching a handle.
Very impressive I got the app running flawlessly after resetting my device and the app is great. Please tell me how I can get a app to program the ISZ. it's not included in the full app I want to program my lights.
a must have for any DIY BMW owner i love this app . and i wish u guys would add more coding for the 7 series E65E66  like unlocking the TV screen and deactivating the seat belt alarm etc ..
Great app for personalising settings and diagnostics work well.
Android Marshmallow Works flawlessly with android marshmallow. Zero issues.  Using with a 2008 135i with N54 engine and a wired connection with am OTG cable on an Nexus 6 and android M dev preview 3 and android Marshmallow
The best If you have a BMW, you need this, and the cable
Excellent App.  Together with my Carly OBD2 connector, this was able to diagnose, clear all faults, view engine parameters, and perform all coding.
Money saver Geeat tool for anyone that wants to save some cash on maintenance repairs as well as predignoses of faults.  Already saved more than the purchased price  including the recommeded wifi adapter.
Worth It Love this app. It works amazing. Also love the coding part built in. Makes it so easy thank you. I love you can customize your car with a push of a button, instead of you having to code it on a laptop. Thank you
5 Star App. Simplifies the troubleshooting and coding for any BMW owner. Must have app if you have a BMW. There are many manufacturer supplied and 3rd party OBD2 dongles compatible with this app.  There are a number of inApp purchases which can add extra functionality, eg battery registration, service interval reset, DPF reset etc. You may not agree with the cost structure of the developers, but the functionality can't be argued with.  The only app you need to purchase, if you have a BMW
Great app Simple and straight to the point. Easy to install and use. Great customer service  sent me the second unit as soon as they learned that the first one was lost due to German Post strike
BMW e91 codes via BT dongle Awesome, cleared all codes including airbag light....worth the money
Carly for Mini What a great program, no problems, used their OBDII Bluetooth adapter. Have had great customer service, first class operation
Best App for Bmw owners Works fine with elm327
Superb
