Love it Low battery usage. Great layout very good design. I wish ther was a dark grey color maybe it could be added. I think it would look cool and stretch the batter even further.
Great face Love this watch face. My only gripe it that I tape the screen to wake the watch but wind up changing the weather information. Otherwise awesome face
Great on battery life
Easily my favorite watch face I love the simple design.  The only improvement that i would like to see would be maybe a hilow temp in one widget or maybe some interactivity on the watch face to show different widgets on touch. In the meantime I'll be rocking this beautiful face on my g watch.  Edit OK now its even better You rock And thank you for listening to your customers
It's the best Out of all the watch faces out there this one takes the prize
Works well, looks exactly as advertised
Looks great One of the nicest looking digital watch faces there is.
Great face great developer. Already loved the face before my review. I wanted to see an option for leading zero in 12hr mode. The developer responded to my email in less than an hour Unheard of. On top of that they are adding the feature. Thanks to the developer.
Very Impressed Using this face almost exclusively.    Yes,  it is worth the money.
Love it I had some problems at first but now it seems that they have been resolved I uninstalled it and reinstalled the app and it seemed to work just fine on my watch I don't know what happened the first time.
grate designed on my moto 360 is not update with my note 4.... if this bug can be fixed
thank you
Great Watch Face I installed it on my Sony SW3. Went to settings, and never looked back. Never a problem, it just works. Kudos to the developer, excellent job.
With the background color turned off this watch face lasts all day. Could you put both sunset and sunrise together on same side  Re editng this, this is the longest lasting watch face I have seen.  I try others and keep coming back.  My watch will usually last over 24 hours with this face.  Keep it up
Check settings under android wear if you need to change anything. Cool watch face Worth it.
Great app No issues at all
Great face. No complaints
very good
The favorite If I use it for more two days, its definitely my favorite.
Works great on square watch face Easy to read on a square watch face.  I would love for this to have interactive to switch between different weather settings.
The best I have tried so many other watch faces that also have weather.  This is the best of the bunch.
The best On of the best watchfaces
