Great, especially with gpx import Really like this app. I like to plan tracks first on my pc with my 17.95year OS subscription as that has best Explorer footpaths, then import the gpx file into my trails. Sweet The open data maps are good value so worth the 5 annual subs for uk but it misses many footpaths so the subscription direct from ordnance survey website is worthwhile.
Easy to use I've tried a lot of similar apps but have found this one to be the most simplistic to use. I've downloaded offline maps with easy and mapped trails etc. with no issues at all. There is a slight learning curve but it's not nearly as complicated to learn as some other apps. in this category. Well done.
Replaced my Garmin Rino Love this App.  I use it for hiking fishing and hunting.  It work so well, I replaced my Garmin Rino  with this App.
First app I've ever purchased .
Really good. Keep up the development
Works It works and works well
Great app for travellers
Love this app Use this exclusively for trail bike riding
A hiker's best friend Used the app last year on my Wildfire during a 8day trip in the wild. Once used to the various menus and options, everything works flawlessly, it's snappy and as far as I can tell energyefficient. The greatest feature of all is the support for various map formats MGMaps etc., perfect for offline use or for one's custom cartographic data  Bravo
The Best Love the app. The free version would probably be all I need, but I'm using this a lot, and I want to support the dev. I hike and canoe, and of course I fish, so I will get quite a bit of use out of this. That said, I really like this app for street maps as well. Job well done.
Well worth the money Even if you just use free maps like me, get this to preload more maps for when you have GPS but no phone signal
Great This is the best app I have found for offline maps  Use it for backcountry hunting, ATVing, etc.  Also, is it VERY easy to use.....
Love it Super app and the people at Frogspark are amazing I emailed them with suggestions and they responded very quickly you can tell that they really care about there product
Superb I tried several similar apps and this one is by far the best. I love the integration with OS and IGN maps. It it easy to use and has some great features for both the serious and notsoserious hiker
Great Works great. Transferred between old and new phone easily. Does everything as advertised.
Excellent Excellent app with impressive support for offline maps.  Excellent support, too.
Excellent Offline maps are great. Navigate a bicycle trip in Provence using offline maps.
Good Good
Nice I like it.Thanks. 
Great Application, works fine especially offroad This is a great application and it's worse the money, I use it while Enduro Riding in the mountains of Northern Thailand, where no maps are available, now I can hold track of those trails and I always got a backup map so I see where I am or was...great in many ways..the support is also one of the best I ever had..thank You
Green lane heaven Awesome tool for the green laning enthusiast. A must have.
Amazing Map App especially for Offline Maps Does everything it advertises and more.  However, the developer is not clear enough in his description. You can create offline maps from SCRATCH with this app. It is the easiest process ever. No need for a PC or other software like all other apps out there. Simply select the map provider you want, create boundaries and click download. Voila.  This app should be at least twice as expensive for what it offers. A steal for the current price.
Brill app. Fantastic customer support. save offline download is how big is your men. Card. I have UK NI OS maps offline 1.76 WOW
Well worth it if you have more than one GPX track to display.
AAAWWWSSSOOMMMEEEE Best app for android. These guys rock.
Excellent Really good for offroad navigation. Perfect with upload to MyTrails server for public sharing.
what happen when i format my phone will i been asked to pay again
OS maps for this price and the lay over of routes is awesome. Reliable too. Thumbs up
Fantastic Great for caching
Worth paying for Didn't actually need the pro features but thought I'd buy the licence just to show my appreciation for a great app
