EPIC EPIC EPIC It was full of challenging puzzles a delightfuly creapy ambiance  and music with perfect sound effects and easy controlls there should be thousands of games just like this one but unfortunately theres only one LIMBO and you should buy it
Couldn't install from market to my Asus FonePad. Don't understand why. Maybe because of Atom CPU. Installed manually, it works absolutely fine.
Love it, scarred me for Life had me looking for the full backstory on the internet legitimately.. Would be Awesome if it had a complete back story though 
Absolutely incredible The stunning graphics and very responsive too.But the controls sometimes slippery not works for a second so I die but overall it is a good game and finished the game loved it so much
I bought game for 4.99 and I was charged 3 times 14.97 had taken care of but check your payment immediately other than that it's a great game haven't stopped playing
One plus 2 Thanks to the devs for a quick resolution to the sound problem. Now the game runs perfectly. An absolute 5 star game.
Challenging and Creepy Love this game and I'm someone who finds most phone games boring or tedious. It gets you thinking outside the box and is so dark with creepy spiders and sounds. It kept me awake late into the night trying to solve the challenges so I could advance in the game. It's highly recommended and very, very fun
Yasss Love this game soooo much The puzzles have difficult concepts but can be easy to work out if you are patient enough I have to admit though it can get a bit boring, I feel like maybe adding a few more animals would make it interesting or add more little quirks and humor to it. I would recommend if you like figuring out puzzles and going on different adventures
Limbo for the price Love it wish it was more longer than it is . it can get freak you out if you get scared easy . but it is a lot for one game . this company makes good games for a lot of 
Great game Only con is that there isn't more to play.  Would have loved to see more monsters and running away scenes.  Loved it  2 thumbs up
Looooooove iiiiiit Still playimg cuz screen broke amd i couldnt properly move to play correctly, but now i cam and maaan I reas reviews before getting, but better then reviews.   Super super fun  Sont ever wanna stop bit need to for my kids hahason loves it too I like sark games like this. So far, that spider is THE BEST Omg lol LOOOOVE THIS GAME, MMNEED TO MAKE A SECOND, THIRD, FOURTH, ETC.. Awesome
What a cracking little game this is.... I do hope that the devs add more levels to this in the future. Its simplicity is its strong point which enables you to get immersed in the game without you realising it. Well done, well thought out and well worth the small price tag.
Best android game  For those who think it is short, it is not, if it was longer it would be a typical boring puzzle game and that may have killed the story, controls are good, they are simple, i liked this game for its intelligent design, the physics, how can a very precise uand minor move make much, and the sounds are very realistic  made me think and enjoy, it deserves the price 
Amazing game. Challenges are hard yeah but you have to think outside the box, be careful precise, and be ready to scream in your pillow
Kept playing until completed. The only thing I can say is that I am sad I have completed it. I loved this game from beginning to end. I was absorbed into the game. A work of art
I've been waiting for this Since it's first release I've been waiting on for this game reach Android. All that time spent are worth it. All I hope now is for Playdead to keep creating such wonders. Two thumbs up for sure.
Eerie and Challenging I love the lighting in this game. The use of black and white gives this game a certain feel. The flickering light and silhouettes add to it too. It has great controls and is very challenging.
Great game The game fits great on mobile. Very easy too play and the ambiance is amazing. Grab some headphones and go on an adventure.
What a game.. The art is so beautiful. I also don't think I had to sure so much to figure something out since Odworld on ps1. Lol
Awesome The controls are different, but once you grasp them, perfect. The flow and art of the game is beautiful. Like the fact it's one price, no in app purchases or ads. Worth every dime. Just want more levels.
Absolutely brilliant Beautiful graphics and story. I don't normally enjoy platform games but this is much more than a platform game due to the well thought out puzzles you have to solve. I can't rate this high enough  outstanding Thank you and well done team
