Crazy I've had it for one day and yesterday at work, it said hospital. I work at a hospital. And the blips were going haywire. It also said sister shortly after I talked to my sister in the phone.
The weird thing is that my house is clean but random dots come up and then vanish again. Oh well.
Omg I was skeptical about this but there was things said that only my grandmother would have knew.. I download app on another phone as well between the two going at same time made everything make sense
Awesome I to was walking from the park with my kid and was useing another app with this at the park and man i was walking by bills house and it said bill. And so ahh im and allways was a beleiber but not from a phone but i am now thank you. Use with cam app
Used this at the Villisca Ax Murder house. Ghost radar is incredibly accurate. I was so amazed by how many words were said that related to what happened in that house in 1912. While recording an EVP ,Ghost Radar said WATER. And you can clearly hear a spirit repeat after this app by repeating WATER verbally. And then say Ahhhhif heshe were taking a drink of water. Brilliant App.
Great Haven't had any issues thus far. Pretty dead on with what comes through. Some words not exactly sure to the meaning.. So I always use my recorder as a backup. Seems like they're not always talking to us but having a conversation all their own 
I had a profit lady came to my house she worships God  Jesus  she said a old white lady die in my house the ghosts lady is real nice she not ready go to the light yet she been in this house since 1950 . Sometimes I will feel cold air by me .this app really help me because I was talking to her  she love cake lol
I've used it in real investigations and names were spoken. I also built a small fort in my kitchen for my grand daughter. The next night I got the words kaseymy grand daughters name is cassie then I got kitchen then minutes later fort. So question it,then use it. My grandmother would compliment me saying I was handsome. I one night got both grandmother and handsome. So I have to give it an it's accurate rating
I don't kno if it's really real but dam I was talkin to my sister on the phone bout this app and the words came up ear... Then near... And n the radar it showed it red bout 3 foot from me witch I had a chair bout tht far then my dam door slams shut Lik they  didnt want me talkin bout them lol I don't kno if it's really legit but I will tell u it gave me goosebumps lmao
OMG Been trying to reach someone special a long time and this was irrefutably real
Love it. I've seen a similar type program used in the show ghost adventurers and it measures changes in the atmosphere and interprets it into words.
You've come a long way Ghost Radar This little app has come a long way. I've been using Ghost Radar since it first appeared in the App Store.
I'm entertained I'm wearing a kyanite around my neck. A big red dot just appeared next to me and the radar picked up minerals. I picked up the kyanite to send a picture to someone and another one came up raise. My son is also playing with change right now sorting pennies, quarters etc. I got the word rich. My son asked me for food, the word came up meal
Awesome I used it for the first time and got a reply to what I asked.
Milk Was playing with this app right after new baby, wife was breastfeeding and dot appeared and said milk. Dot disappears, then a bunch of dots appear on radar and it repeated milk 4 more times.
