Solid app. I've never had a problem with it, although I recently noticed that it doesn't seem to read Version 40 high density codes. Otherwise does what it's supposed to.
Works great for me I see that others have had problems with scans and with ads, but it works fine for me and I haven't seen any ads yet. I particularly appreciate that it tells me what the URL is  only visits if I tell it to. A QR code is an opaque linkshortener and I don't want it to just take me there without a chance to intervene.
I just needed a basic QR code reader in a hurry. This app has exceeded my expectations didn't realize it could read other kinds of barcodes too. It can read the code while I'm still trying to aim my camera at it. Thanks
Works as expected. On a Nexus 4 it was able to scan codes that an iPd mini couldn't read small codes masked with some pencil lines and faster.
Surprised The camera on my phone is terrible but it works great. My advice is be in a well lit room and try to get the code in the exact center of the guide markers.
Niiiiiiiice This actually worksIf you manage to take the QR code,that is.But,it's usually because your hand shakes or the camera takes it blurry,so it's not app's fault.
Works great  You should try it. Scans both QR codes and bar codes, and is not cluttered with annoying ads or irrelevant junk.
Has most of the features I need and is reliable I use the app to manage my consignment photography. I create stickers with a qr code and can pretty quickly scan an order to go to a retail store and I can go back, scan it in the store and compare to see what has sold. I could list some improvements I would like to see, but it is reliable and allows me to sync online and download the list...for my needs it works better than any other app I have tried
Love it Works great  No issues or problems I see lots of complaints and that it doesn't work with Samsung Galaxy s5. That's what I have and still no issues.  I don't have ads popping up either.  I guess I am a lucky one
QR Reader Excellent responsiveness and very accurate in reading and directing to site.  Unlike some of the others, scanned with ease, no errors or miscues.
Well it's worth your time. It's fast, simple  Easy to use It's fast, simple to operate. There's no other bullshit in this app. It gives no unnecessary ad notification or else. Stop complaining about it.
It works I have used this on my Samsung Galaxy and it worked like a charm. Seems pretty useful too after adjusting the camera..
Amazing This app is amazing. It takes only a second for it to show you the product. Plus it shows you where you can get the product. I have tried other scanners but this one is the best.
I dont know what happen to rest of users I dont know what happened to rest of not working user , they seems mad and angry but am happy with the design , working performance , its simple , easy to understand and works 100 correct . no problem at all here .
Simply works. Scan a code, it momentarily opens the linked website. Simples. On my older phone I used it also to activate the camera light 
