Add Fantasy Mode I know its very unrealistic, but why not You would be a fairy or a mermaid of your choice and you can fly and land on clouds or go underwater and communicate with sea life. And you could find unicorns or Pegasi that you could own. It would be really cool Well.... In my opinion
Add some things other than that its AWESOME ok so, you need to add babies, tameable dogs, Pegasi my opinion and maybe some types of furniture.
Brilliant This is a brilliant game and well worth the money. However could you think about adding Humans. Because people have cities and no people. Also if they were added could you think about making it so that we can hire them to defend and attack.
Love it I have had this game for a long time now and I still play it. Most games I play for a while and then get bored of them, but not survival craft. BEST GAME EVER Please make more updates More animals,tame able dogs, horse carriage...
Better than minecraft Great game but some people want to make into minecraft don't let that happen don't add creepers or any minecraft mobs please any way if you  do you might have copyright issues but or else it is a great game.
Need to add You need to let us tame dogs let all animals breed and let them have as much babys as they do in real life and make more types of horses and more animals and why do you not listen to anybodys ideas like tameing,house pets and horse post and baby animals start listening to ideas and add them PLEASE
Add search function for getting content I want to search for worlds instead of scrolling down waiting to find the thing I want but otherwise its a cool game.
Awesome Anyone that questions if the game is worth buying or not. Yes it is. I've bought it 3 times. Once on a windows phone. Once on android. And once on iphone. The game is so awesome it's the first app I download whenever I get a new phone. I was so sad whenever I'd get a phone with a different app market that I'd go and rebuy it just to have it. Overall I paid around 10 for it and I still say it was worth it.
Different thins Put people in there as well and put it to we're u can make your own family things like that thanks and take my advice plz
DA BEST GAME EVER I used to play a lot of minecraft back a few years ago before this was made, it always lagged, but I've gotten this now. THANK YOU 5 STARS
Needs more OK so add Tornadoes, zombies, Cannibals, Thirst, Hurricanes, multiplayer, Craftable and findable guns, Gore toggle in settings, Ghosts, dogs, Ghost dogs, Dolphins, ottars, Sheep, Beds, Bandits and A very rare ore called titanium. Add all that, that'll be a challenge for u and they'll make the game great
I love the game.I wish you could add... a big ship that can actually work, more veggies to grow, a post so you can leave your horse in one place, add cars, wagons that can be powered by horses a pump for fuel, cars, planes, random villages, villagers that you can trade with, tropical forests, tropical trees, more food, weather that change, palm trees, nests, abandoned buildings. And multiplayer.
awesome addguns,horse colorsbrown,roan,appaloosa,pinto,dun,graydolphins,more whales,coral reefsfish,snakes,lizards,bats,mules, hippos,elephants,deer,alligators crocodiles,lassos,chickens,trash cans,longer days nights,lightning rods,change weather in creative mode, skirts,dresses,airplanes,fireworks, radios,tameable dogscats,turtles,rabbits, squirrels,squid,sheep,goats,alpacas ships with storage,hygiene,animal hunger,fishing,more flowers,pots,beds,multiplayer,more food
I love it so much Love it but 3 things add people you can spawn, make it where you can be a girl, and no more creature limits because I like to make farms and it sucks when you have an animal limit.
Suggestions Bellow hunting weaponscouches furniture etcbedsland minesgold ore,gold armory,gold weapons,gold ingotsabandoned houses with useful things insidepaintingsair conditioning systemsbanana trees,coconut trees,apple trees   GREAT GAME,PLEASE MORE STUFF Better Ratings
Its awesome get it now The best thing about this app is you can do anything you want to make or do  You can make your dream home, business and more  You got to get it  And they added new stuff guys yippee  Come on ppl it deserves. More than five or four stars it deserves. 10 stars
Almost perfect The only features that is missing is companions like hostile tribe people or pets and background music, overall truly worth the five stars rating compared to those other top paid games that I've downloaded so far
Great game It's a great game and very fun to play. Only thing I don't like but doesn't bother me enough to give it 4 stars is the day seems to go by so quick. When I first start a game I only have time to get wood, make some tools and dig into the side of a moutain for shelter before it starts getting dark. And then by that time your player is also hungry. Need some more time
Amazing It's not minecraft. It's not better than MC, it's different. As the name suggests, it's more survival oriented. Very fun.             Stop suggesting stuff from minecraft, everyone else. It's not a cheaper version of Pocket Edition.
It is a great game Make a mode where you can play like exo zombies on the playstation 4
Great game Love it Its a lot like Minecraft but has more animals,  more weapons, and is quite realistic. But, people should not request cats and dogs tamers or leads or stuff like that. It makes it way to much like Minecraft. Maybe for pets, like you can have a naturally spawning husky or maybe a tabby cat that you get in spawn eggs and or they spawn in the wild and can be tamed with, I don't know, string that becomes a leash when you tap them with it in your hand. Also, NPCs.
EPIC This game is epic but there is no multiplayer please add this and maybe some fishing rods Because killing the fish with a machete or spear is not effective. Also please add guns and ammo and generated structure's like abandoned city's and house's. Overall a really epic game.
Almost perfect I've had this game for more than a year now. Though it is an amazing game, there are only a few things I suggest. I do wish for some kind of way to tame animals besides horses, camel and donkeys. Wolves would be best. Weather mechanics temperatures, not rain are a bit extreme. These are the only things I could find wrong with this. It's an overall amazing game, and I highly suggest it.
