Worst Update EVER The last two updates have been the worst To read the entire story of a question, one needs to load the full content of the story. Well, the full story never opens even after clicking on Read Full Story. I do not know if this happens on other devices too, but I have Samsung Galaxy S Advance and I am facing this trouble. Please fix this ASAP. I am missing out on lot of stuff
No less than 5 stars It opened a door to infinite information in my life and helped me develop a serious hobby.
Educate and get educating From technical to philosophical questions. No question is left unanswered here in Quora. I love it.
Not what you think I have seen Quora come up in many searches. I never paid much attention because you had to sign up before viewing. Once I actually checked it out I have been addicted for hours and hours. My questions are answered by people who care and are qualified.  I am able to answer people with on topics that I am qualified on and feel like I am making a difference. This is a great app.
Great App. This app is very interesting, knowledgeable one. I didn't find such interesting app till now but some improvement like offline reading is needed.
Smart Social Media Quora is a great QA platform where people get together to help each other and share knowlege. The platform offers highquality content from its community of users and searching for answers to questions has never been easier with the new Ask Bar. The app is wellwritten and the user interface is easy to use.
Great app guys but there are a few glitches in it like ask quora doesnt show any suggestions at all,hope you'll fix it.
Marvelled by its awesomeness Not being able to stay away Amazing site and app as well You are gonna love it 
QUorA ask your QUestions OR give Answers to others. what else anyone want.. you sort out others' problems and they sort out yours. LoveQuora UltimateApp
Amazing app Quora is one of a kind. This app is a great way to access the community, questions, answers, and all the other great parts of Quora.
Feel like a walking Stephen Hawking I have some questions to ask every single day since I was about 4. This app finally answers all of them.
My interesting pal Quora is my best friend. I get to read a lot of inspiring and interesting stuff on it. Whenever I feel bored, I go Quoraing which leaves me encouraged and inspired. But sometimes really good answers go unrecognized, I wish this would change. Anyway, Quora is my and always will be my interesting
add  the feature  to read the content offline I think its better to add the feature like to read the content offline and share option with whatsapp.
I loved it Truly a very helpful app in any case where ever I get confused this app helps me thanks to the team for their generous help towards the people
Share you insight  learn from others Quora is the Wikipedia of learned knowledge. The UX is easy to engage and has nice advanced features for text formatting and emphasis.  I've only ever used the mobile app and this is more than sufficient for what anyone needs.
