Realy nice wall papers.try once.i reinstalled it.fine.really updated verson is so nice i love it.it works on lollypop also.up dated realy nice
Best app Works good makes your phone more attractive nice wallpapers
Make compatible with android lolipop Some options not available for Android lollipop but good enough
Great      Please make a theme which should look like same as iPhone, i mean everything same as iPhone original theme
Very nice I am very happy about this app,because of very good modules and folder setups of shortcuts .mobile operating is very easy to understand ......
I've been using this app so long ,i like it .. It makes your phone real faster ,it really works on LG .. 5stars for this app
Very good app cool collection of wallpaper and icons it's really fantastic app it's change my phone completely but one notice please make more wallpapers about Sea, sky ,and Autumn session thank you very much ahmed
Good If your mobile or tab's launcher is not responding then you use it.
The shiznit This app freakin rocks, it's as much fun as hangin out with your Wang out
Can't even remember my phone without this app.  I love the themes and the option I have to change my backgrounds.  Wish you could change the fonts.  But other then that ive had it for a year.  Could do without all the pop up adds.  But still love that I have options.  
Super I love it so many app download but no mobile hang
Nj Its OK thats.   That true guys only its the best
Wow Every One Must Use This App...Nice App For Hanging Phones.
This is the best This was really the best think to do I never fought about it that way but in the end I do not have any regret
The app is great. It gives my phone a diff look
I would never even think of an other launcher..... Simply AWESOME
Cool I love it so much it tells u when ur phone is hot ad it cool it off for u
Rate this game 95 This app is amazing but i would really like a 10 day weather forecast ,but its kinda sad that it only has a 5 day weather forecast
Best launcher ever This launcher is so great and beautiful couldn't live with out this
A psalm. For giving thanks. Paula Missionary
Praise the Lord The Lord is my sherpered and I shall not be in want.
Apus small and fast This is very organized App and I love this App on my phone im a very satisfied customer  
Nice one but weather report nt updated
APUS User System I love this app
