No problems having played this on my HTC One Remix Stock OS, Verizon, Acer Iconia 8  on Nextbook 10.1 both with Intel processors. Pushed the settings to their max. Although the touch screen controls aren't perfect their not a bust either, just gotta adapt  play around with their settings. Well worth the , it's a great port.
Gotta love stranger I had this game on the original Xbox and man this was one of my favorite games. I never was a fan of the other odd world's but this one is so different. If you never played you'll love it. FYI pick on the town people and hear what they got to say.
Nostalgia to the extreme Oh my goodness I can't believe this amazing game is on my phone Love it Hope to see the others in the future
One of the best mobile games out there The game is incredibly complex to be a mobile game, from the mechanics and the story to things like the graphic settings definitely a must buy
Motorola DROID Turbo Perfect Unique game... I've never seen such a well made game... Amazing graphic and animations, interesting and funny weapons and actions...  I'm so satisfied 3
Incredible port of a classic Xbox game It's the real deal. I play with a Bluetooth controller and stream it to the TV via my Droid Turbo, and it's instantly like I'm back on my 1st gen Xbox. Customizable performance settings also help futureproof this classic when more powerful phones come out in the next few years. Highly recommend, well worth such a cheap price
Awesome game Works great without any glitches Well worth the money, it supports my ipega controller as well The graphics are amazing, and best of all, the performance can be changed for smoother gameplay.
Must Get  One of my favorite company's to make the must interesting games, it's so unique and fun  in its own way. If you want a great app this is the defiantly one everyone should get  Soo  good your minds will be blown away
Addictive and hilarious This is one of the best open world, adventure games on Android Hilarious interactions with NPC's My ONLY complaint is the frame rate issue, I should be able run it at max settings on my G3 with 3 gigs of ram, yet when trying to do so, it becomes a choppy and incoherent mess.
Great Awesome game but my phones motion sensor is broke so I can't heal by shaking the phone. I wish there was health pickups cuz it's getting really hard not being able to heal.  Other than that this game is perfect.
The writing is key It's more than faithful to the edition I played on my first xbox. Exquisitely realised and very well written. Great value for money. It's so refreshing to play a game that actually has something to say.
Really fun I used to play this game when it came out for the first gen. Xbox I was very excited that it came out in a mobile version. So far so good I'm loving it
BEST GAME EVER This game has all my favorite features first person shooting and third person parkour Great voice acting and it is very fun. It has great controller support and it plays perfectly on my Nvidia shield portable. It's great to be able to be a bounty hunter wherever I go
Amazing game it gave me no problems. Perfection. Ignore negative comments
Slakker goooood Really nice game here Wonderful creation where story, characters and gameplay are not too common to make it boring. Though finished only on easy mode yet found it enjoyable as it should benot that easy is nice sometimes. Graphics are fantastic, no lags for me, maybe some overheating but the phone handled it pretty well overall.
it's fcking awesome  best game ever on android nice graphic, good game, good storyline and support my ps3 controller  damn it you should buy this game. Attention  if you lag when play this game you should try download gl tools in google play store and watch youtube for setting the configuration for this game and no more lag for you guys. goodluck 
