Very very addicting game love it I'm starting to get addicted to this game very very good just at time the controls can be annoying but other than that it is an amazing game..... I originally wanted to play this game but they didn't have it available in the android market Just for Apple and iPad
Nexus Great game I prefer this one to my 3ds surprisingly and I've had no issue with controls that others had mentioned. I'm glad I finally got it. Also nice to have option to buy deadpool for a small price instead of trying to unlock him on 3ds which would have been exhausting. Game is totally worth it.
Love it. It's tricky and drives me crazy sometimes but it's awesome and worth the money.but I would like to be able to go to the city and mess around like on Xbox but it's still great.
AWESOME GAME Awesome game but,complicated controls but still cool....amazing work.. Do more Lego games..like  harry potter,Jurassic park,one marvel only maybe like iron man  onlyto get the dpad control go tapclick the thing under the Lego brick  3
Excelsior Warner bros.  You guys have out done yourself with this game . Please release a lego batman 2 game for the Google play store that would be amazing.
Superb in everyway Now this is a complete port from 3ds Runs top notch on my Samsung galaxy light running 4.4.2 kk1.4 quadcore... Graphics are good, controls are responsive, gameplay and story are very entertaining. I feel for this more than lego star wars complete saga I've got also..things react better when you hit or shoot it in lego marvel super hero's in my opinion , keep up the great work Warner bros
It's good but I'm with Adam It dose need free play because u can't just play levels all the time I'm mean seriously and each level u need more and more stars
I loved it it's very addictive but only if you could have a button to block attacks
I love this game on the 360 but there needs to be d pad and not swipe controls so fix that plz google play
Hell yea Not bad at all.   Runs smooth and is super fun to play.   Its just too bad there isn't multiplayer.  The controls can be a bit wonky at first but you get used to it.
Good but There is no free roam like I thought u could buy a person and play free roam please add it in
