Very Goooood Great to check the wind and fly my radio controlled planes. The first app I buy and I use it everyday. Widget is nice too, useful to check temperature before going outside
Great for model aircraft flying This is my go to app to find out if I'm going to get to fly my RC aircraft on a given day.
Great One thing i would like added is rain percipitation like wind is done so i can see a better forcast for flying
Like the app Like it but being a commercial fisherman on the great lakes would like to see the buoy updates more often if possible not sure anymore don't seem to be as good or as accurate on lake Erie.
Perfect for small boat sailing
Blown away Great stuff thanks
Loving this I have used Windguru for years as a full subscriber, but their latest app is not that good. But this seems to have everything I want, i.e. an instant view of my favourite three spots so I can see whats potentially the best spot to go to. Very accurate forecasts here actually better than weather pro.
Exceptional This is definitely the best overall wind and weather app I have seen. It has an almost inexhaustible number of locations to choose from with 2 forecast models and loads of forecast info. The only feature I would like to see in the future is an option to create your own custom locations. That would be a fantastic addition to an already exceptional app.
Great app I use this mainly for kite buggying and it's great for getting wind directions and speed. Also good for the occasional times I go bodyboarding
Very accurate and updates well
Best wind app but could be better with minimalistic transparent bw widget
Laidback Dashing
Impressive Accurate, detailed,  easy to use. A very useful aid to anyone trying to find or avoid rough  windy weather. 
Fantastic overall weather application After trying out many other weather apps Windfinder Pro provides me all the info I'm looking for and more.
Amazingly accurate on wind information. Works really great on my Samsung Galaxy S III Mini I have now upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S4 this app continues to give me timely and accurate weather details for wherever I want.
Very good. What looked like a dodgy widget turned out to be an inaccurate local weather station. Like that I can have three widgets for different places. Nice feature.
Sailing Best app IMHO to make sure you have wind when you get out there. They do a great job of giving and displaying the data that you need to sail.
Best Very good app made your life easier
Accurate and Reliable ...and very easy to use. Pro version allows for an hourly forecast and the use of, slightly unnecessary, widgets. It is as accurate as it can be, really. Use it as a day to day forecast, and don't expect to have an hourly update of conditions.
Windfinder Pro Very nice. Worth the paid version
