Everything I needed I had tried other voice recorder apps and this was the cleanest looking one I found. The free version was good and then I bought the full version later since I was satisfied and it was on sale. The voice quality is very good for taking notes or memos to listen to later. Update I use this all the time and it's still great
Fantastic app I've been using this app for years. Clear audio, visually pleasing, able to easily send files to dropbox. I paid for the full version as the developer well deserved the money for their efforts
Have used it for many years now and it never failed me. Dr Rashidul Khair
Like it Cannot find any fult with it, good quality recording
Dev Keeps His Word I used and was very happy with the app for over a year but then had need of a new feature.  Wrote Kevin who responded quickly with will add it to my backlog along with a suggestion for a temporary workaround, then almost immediately thereafter with a firm commitment to include my request in the next release, which is exactly what he did.  You can't beat a great app that also comes with a conscientious developer.
This is the best voice recorder I have found
Works for meetings very well.
Very good app The quality is very good.
Great for independent stroke patients It has been a little over a year now since I was diagnosed with having 3 strokes. The biggest thing is trying to be independent and this app helps with that. Since my short term memory has been effected, I use this app to listen to doctors and I plan to use this when I go back to school. It's great because I can even use this while on the phone when I handle business. Thank you for a great product
Great App  Support Dealt directly with Dev to fix little issues I reported. Top notch support and excellent app for all from journalism to recording a snoring foe.
I love this app.  However if a call comes in while I am recording the resulting recording is too low and I actually only hear a whisper.  Should a call comes in while recording I have to stop the recording and start anew
Simple, quick, easily accessed, clear, plenty of storage and recording time  Great product
Rock solid I am making music with this wonderful recording to Lynn am excited to share that I recommend that you invest in the Pro is super cool I love it keep on making awesome products
Great for Farts This should be called Easy Fart Recorder. You can really hear how juicy your farts really are with this great recording app..
It does not persist in memory, sometimes it just got killed by the os and stopped recording..
Works great I use this for dictating and then downloading the audio file to my computer for voice recognition transcription. It couldn't work any better.
Happy customer I've been using this for quite a while now it only gets better. Thank you for making such a great app
Voice Recorder Great for recording Uni sessions 
The best recording app I use this for recording voice clips and poetry all the time. I recommend it.
Reliable Reliable app, easy to use with lots of features
Peerless Has always worked effortlessly, look no further for a recording app
Next Update Please add Android Wear support. Only thing missing from this app.
Best little audio recorder Use this for music work and general audio collection. Great features, easy to use.
My long way friend
Easy Voice Easy to use. Like this app. Helps to record notes and share them. Great for to do voice lists
Great Recording App Easy to use, records well with great playback.
Great Support Best Recorder I use every day quality is amazing on my S2
Excellent
Love it A1A
works like it should
Easy Voice Recorder Pro Excellent app. You can even use it in a restaurant full of noise and still get a good recording.
Great little recorder For as small as this recorder is, it has great replay. It has a very small footprint and still has wonderful sound. I was just sitting thinking what I could write bad about this app. I can't think of one thing Recorded voice or music sounds as good as when recorded on an expensive machine. I'm using a Motorola Turbo and have NOT had one negative thought about it, much less a problem. Try it I believe you will love it.
Fantastic best recording app I've used. I most like the fact that you can change the size and quality. Most recording apps do not allow that option. You can also record phone conversations. Most apps wont allow this either. Well worth it
Simple  Straightforward It's not called Easy Recorder for nothing Clean  straightforward GUI, options  functions. RecordStop widget is very accessible as well, and pops up a notification during recording to pausestop recording in the case I lock my phone during recording. With the Pro featuresI'm very glad I didI'm able to record aacmp4 format to a quality of my liking 192kbps for me. No longer do I have to compress the highestquality WAV recordings into aac manually.
