Excellent...With More Potential GreAt software...will find holes in your Droid phones you might never have thought existed. Security Scan, Lock and Wipe features are best in class as far as I'm concerned. Highly recommend. Keep on relentlessly updating and making this software the best AVG. Props to the AVG DEV team. Rest easy AVG is on the job for you.
Great Antivirus App I really like that it automatically scams my tablet once a week. It works great. I've had it for a while now and haven't had any problems.
Awesome Its very fast. Detects all malware's, viruses. I am completely happy with this product. Keep it up Team AVG.
Widget A good use for the large logo would be using it as a shortcut to the app as I think its pointless having such a large widget and the app on my home screen at one time
Locator really works If phone is misplaced, then use the locator. Also, it takes a photo and emails it to you, when someone keeps trying different passwords to open phone.
Very pleased Seems to do everything that it said it would. I have been using this app on my last two phones and I really like it. The camera trap worked well when my daughter thought it would be funny to mess with my phone.
Great App I use this app 247 on all of our mobile devices. Feels like a secure safety net all the time.
AVG is the only company I trust with my investments If AVG was a woman, I would marry her, and I wouldn't leave her if she cheated on me or occasionally got too drunk and beat me.  That's how much I love AVG.
Like the new update This app is working like a charm for me  I'm totally satisfied. Regards AVG team.
Excellent I have used AVG for years on my laptop and cell. I have never had a complaint.
Very good Well done very happy with the last update. Keep up with the good work.
Flawless Works to keep my tablet clean and working well free of spy ware
App lock NOW working Material design is nice. Apps are NOW locking on latest update.
Bring back customizable widget The new widget does not let you select which shortcuts to display.  Other than that, it is excellent
Motorola Moto X Pure Style Although I have a site license for Viper covering Windows  Android. BUT.... I prefer to use and pay for AVG because it is a superior application with all of it's function specific satellite applications. Very well done  you guys        
Bijoykumar Perfect n Protection are Ready all Times in my ZenFone 2
AVG Mobile Best antivirus I've used for a one time fee I'm confident knowing my devices safe.
Great Works just like it says, I've been using it for years and no problems so far.
I always like it Keep in more support for hight End devices such as lollipop version phones
