ShipwreckedLost Island I just had to reset my tablet and lost all my friends and items.  Hope to hear from the friends
Thanks Thanks for being one of the only games to provide plenty of axes. People will spend money when they see hope.
Swordsswordsswords So far cute n fun game .absolutely adore it except u need swords to advance.unless u want to spend hrs downloading n leveling in other games just to earn free swords or buy them for an unreasonable price ur never going to advance...either needs to made so we can earn them thru accomplishments or get them from a building.will uninstall soon if not fixed...all their games are adorable n would play others but all are like this....yay u guys added a way to get swords Tysvm
shipwrecked really enjoy it because you get free swords which let's you explore more and do more tasks all of your games should do this as you would keep a lot more players happy and playing your games ty
Love it This game is really good the only thing is that something's take a long time to build kind of otherwise its a really cool game
Really love the new update Other ways to get swords by collecting them from the debris on the ground. Thank u and for that I'm given this game 5 stars.
Love it...  This game is super addictive,  I have all the type of games the are like this one...  The only thing that I would like is maybe you can get swords with the challenges
Uninstalled I gave up on the this game for the same reasons everybody else complained about.  Not enough swords and so many unfinished quests.  It might be fun for the first few days, if you don't play a lot.
Its awesome But things take to long to build or upgrade and collect plz fix that
I have loved this game 4 a couple of yrs now  I'm deeply in love wit the upgrades, however tho, I'm not a fan of the fact that the game keeps stoppin on me 4 2 try n get me 2 duy things. I mean if I wanna buy something let me come 2 u. Stop bein so thirsty Other than that, u definitely have my vote
Swords For those of you running out of swords I believe when you reach over the 30th level you'll start earning a lot more swords by just picking up the rocks, weed and puddles. I struggled to advance without the swords and now I have so much that I bought my 5th helper. Good luck
I love it I like this game but ever since I bought swords I've been having problems with cutting the forest  I didn't have trouble. Before can any one tell me how to solve this problem I don't what to loose my swords
Excellent Love this game. Wish there was a way to forge swords..or maybe im not there yet Either way good fun just need to be easier to get swords. Used up all options aside from paying. Add a way to forge swords for exploring five stars it will be
Great game. I haven't been this addicted to a game in a long time. Hours of fun and new challenges all the time. Highly recommended.
OMG get this game This game is the best. Not realistic, which makes the game even better. You should see a few things in here Ghost Ship, Mystery Ghost Treasure, Online challenges, meeting other players. Etc etc etc the list keeps on going and keeps on getting better
Shipwrecked Lost Island At first the game seemed boring but it got intresting when i was able to play with teamates so i recommened this came to all and including adults
Shipwrecked Great game although it takes so long for you to advance to another job on the island.
