The Best Its the best. It says option of app purchase on google play  but how to purchase I find no option from where to purchase. I find it disorienting that when i am going to listen something important  it says that trial period expired and to update. Please make an option where I can buy for my android phone.
Best there is. I use it with aireader best eBook reader with every configuration option possible and free and the Amy UK voice as it has the most passion IMHO. I am only 8 years old and my dad has me reading H2G2 and this helps me with the big words. Our only complaint is No. Is said as number rather than No. Keep up the excellent work.
Best choice of realistic voices. Offers nice range of TTS voices, best I have found. And free
The best voice I have been using Ivona's Amy UK for reading books using texttospeech Moon Reader for nearly 3 years and since that time I was never able to find a company voice that is as natural and distractions free as Amy  no robotic or stuttering sound. This is an application that I will pay if it were not free.
Great app Have been using this app for 3 years now. By far the best TTS app for Android. TTS is one of the main reasons I switched to Android in the first place. Doesn't work on my nexus 9 running marshmallow. It worked on 5.1.
AMAZ ING, Use this for reading, feels so life like.  Yes there are kinks in some pronunciations of words, however,  when I couple with another app, I can sound the word so that I can get the sound I want.  Better than anything else on the market. So stop trolling, it's a FREE app
Love it I use this to listen to my books. Just wish you'd make some male voices
I love this voice I downloaded the Amy voice. I love women with accents. What can I say  While my TTS engine doesn't always understand the ambiguities of my speech, I'd much rather listen to Amy than any of the other voices I tried.  My only real complaint is that I'm worried about the day Amy leaves beta and I have to pay her her. I'm hoping the cost isn't too prohibitive, because I would hate to give her up.
Excellent voice engine Very natural sounding and vibrant.  P.S. Dear IVONA team, could you please consider porting Brian voice for Android someday I've checked him on your website and he sounds really fantastic  I'd gladly purchase it if it was available
The best ever Naturally human. I enjoy listening to my favorite books. The voice is so soothing well modulated. Crisp clear. So easy to understand what you're listening to. Its beyond compare
Amy's the best So smooth and realistic. Makes my phone sound sophisticated 
Loved but we need more languages like Hindi, Nepali.
Best voice quality so far but it stopped speaking after I updated my infinix mobile software. Pls fix.
Simply the Best Awesome high quality app. The best TTS. Thank you
