wonderful I installed Ankidroid to learn EL. I ran into some problems to import apkg file. The ankidroid could not detect files in specified folder. With this tool, I just tagged files then select Ankidroid to open. And it worked perfectly. Thanks a lot for development team.
Great for managing backups I use this app to manage files from remote photo shoots that I've backed up to my tablet. Works great
Excellent. An easy to use utility.  My Motorola triumph sometimes can't find a file I've moved, but a quick uninstall and reinstall of the memory card fixes that.  Much better than actually taking it out and using the laptop to rearrange files.
Kept putting this off . . . I've had this app for a while and kept ignoring the question to rate. Pardon me.  Its worked like a charm. Haven't tried anything, haven't felt the need.
Great file manager Stock Android doesn't come with a file manager, so this app is great. Simple to use and it does its job.
Small app good on space. Makes since easy to use. Update kinda made it a little bit not to friendly from the old software but still good and easy to get use too.
Works with microSD Using this on a KitKat phone with no stock file browser and it successfully created a folder and moved files from internal to microSD. Good job.
Nice Good stuff.. Just unable to select multiple and send via Bluetooth.. Any suggestions
Perfect file manager Strange that my Nexus 6 came without any means of managing folders on your ad card. But this app has proven to be the simplest, most efficient solution to this problem. Absolutely perfect
I don't understand why stock Android doesn't provide even the most basic file managementbrowsing options. Well, yes I do understand  Google wants us to rely on their infinite wisdom and the cloud to keep track of all our stuff. Well, I like to keep track of my own stuff and know where it is Thank you very much Topnet999
Awesome app Works great on my Galaxy S3 , very simple to make ringtones or just for downloading music . Definitely a must if you like a simple app thats pretty basic with enough options to edit your music to a ringtone .
Executive Director I'M RESPONSIBLE FOR MOST, IF NOT ALL OF THE VERY IMPORTANT STUFF AT MYOFB, LLC
Thanx I was super low on memory with my phone.  I installed this app in order to transfer files to a sim card easily but instead wound up finding a bunch of ad ware from a game I had downloaded.... After deleting those files and a few others with this app, I took a look at my storage..... It cleared up over 2 gigs of space Very grateful fan here,now I can get some more games and apps 
Simple  Effective That's all. Great file manager. The ads aren't annoying and its free to download. What more do you want
EXCELLENT All around a great  file browser and very user friendly. Highly recommend.
Awsome app Easy to use... very nice... but not the best app.
Outstanding At long last, an app that lets me painlessly add, remove andor rearrange apps and files on the external SD card of my Samsung Galaxy Rush. Well done I shall drink a coffee in honor of your achievement.
Does what it's supposed to This works very well on all my devises, have yet to have an issue with the app.  So keep up the good work 
