Omg so worth it I saved 400 bucks today with this app deff would buy it agen the only thing i wish it tells you what store you can use it at
Best Couponing App I absolutely love QSeer It is very easy to use. I quickly scan all my coupons, and it makes check out so easy at my grocery store.  I don't normally pay for apps, but I would have paid 10 for QSeer.  I honestly can't believe how much money I am saving on my grocery bills.  If you like to coupon, you should definitely buy QSeer.
Doesn't work I hate that this doesn't work on my phone,  I have a Samsung 2s and when I try to scan coupons it just keeps trying to focus.  Tried in different lights and angles.  Emailed the company with no response yet..  Really hope their is a fix.  Update,  qseer refunded my money.  Thank you so much  Look forward to my upgrade so I can download again. My review is for the morals of the company in doing the right thing when the app didn't work on my phone.
Best App EVER I am so in love with this app Seriously the best 1.99 I've EVER spent A few glitches here and there but nothing major and nothing worth uninstalling I would buy it again for 10
Works Perfect 9 out of 10 coupons scan perfectly. So far accurate at both stores I used it at. I have now saved 25 on my final checkout on coupons I would normally just toss. Its a great way to find those super coupons.
Love it use it too much We're would I be with out this tool I know putting a lot of items bk lol
Yayyyy I've been so jealous of my friends with qseer on their iphones and now it's finally here It's even better than I hoped
Awesome Initially the app would not load. I played around with my phone for a while and I have been able to get it to work and I love it You may want to check any issues with your phone before giving up on this app, it's a gem Great customer service as well  Thank you.
About time Yeahhhhhh So happy I own this now Best 1.99 I ever spent So glad this is now available  even happier I didn't have to get an iphone Ty dusty wallet
Love it  This app has saved me so much money, so worth the purchase.
Best  1.99 ever spent If I could only keep 1 app in my phone it would be this 1   It works perfect on my s5  if I ever have a focusing issue I just back out of the app and restart  it, hardly a  major concern for me seeing how wonderful and useful this app is 
Cant Coupon Without It I have been using this app since it came out. I had to use my daughters iPhone an I am SO happy its on Android. This app has help me save THOUSANDS an enables me to be able to donate to my chuches foodbank, 2 local homeless shelter, an the local animal shelter. My couponing friends has also downloaded this app an we have tons of fun couponing. I use it on every coupon I come across. HTC EVO 4g
Amazing I always had my friends use theirs on their iPad since I didn't have it. Now I don't have to bother them Already in love with it
Finally its here for androids Love this app I rarely pay for apps but this one its totally worth it 
Uhmayzing Love this app soooo much  I have already saved so much money, all thanks to the help of Qseer  I will never not use coupons again 
AMAZING Great deal And really helpful, I just started a month ago and I use this allot. 5 stars and 2 thumbs up
Super excited Love this on the apple device now i get to use on my android.
Yes Android Ready I love this app and was patiently waiting to get it on my s5. Thank u guys for this amazing coupon interpreter
Qseer I love this app it saves me so much money
Shannon Jones I have used and I was able to save so much money for my family. Thank you
Qseer is the best Best app I've ever gotten Reliable and money saving
A 5 for now I just downloaded scanned a coupon we'll  find out tomorrow if it's  accurate and I'll  finish my review.I've  had this app for a few weeks and all I can say is WOWAs a new couponer I am beyond thankful I found qseer,I'd  be lost without it,thank you so much
