Brilliant App To me this app is perfect for researching football bets. Could we get more leagues to choose from i.e whatever bet365 are offering markets on. I've spotted a potential inplay on 365 only to find the fixture is not listed on flashscore to research it properly. However more fixturesleagues are available on soccerway but I hate using it and would much prefer they all be available on flash score.
The Best Sports app Download this without even thinking this is the best app there is. Also this review comes from a fellow programmer and I constantly research other apps I found this the best so hats of to the developing team.
Awesome app I have a small problem about the app. Probably a bug. It says No internet available when I'm connected to the wifi but when I'm using my mobile data it has no problem. Hope you can help me. This app is really useful for me.
Highlights needed This app is great but would be even better if you can watch highlights of goals like 365 Sports
Very good app It would be better if you add the odd comparison feature as in the website.
the best flash score is the best app ever this is a good app becuase he can tell you all games live and other days he had and infos for teams or players for me the best
Make it faster it's working slowly on htc inspire 4g. please update and fix that. you can even increase the size of apk file thats ok for me, just make it faster. the notification of my favourite teams matches are coming late
Love this App I do like the favorite match feature and love to have my favorite teams be followed as well. You have addressed some of my ideas. Would you guys consider to follow NCAA Hockey There are a few prospects of like to keep track of. Also, maybe let me choose the screen that I want to start each day on Love the great work. Cheers
Like it Analysis needed though Also the app does not work with my mobile data. Fix that please
The best sports app If u looking sports updates then this one provides what you looking for ....
Great app If there was a sixth star.....I could have rated 6
The best.... App on the market for checking live sports scores and results...
Good new update with home and away table  this app is great, only one thing is missing  league fixtures tab next to top scorers in the standings menu. It will be great if you can add it 
very good app i love this app so much and its working perfectly on tab .good work.
Lovely app First time having a good app without complains. 100 ok. Keep at it.
5 star. This is the best app you can never miss if your sports lover
this app is awesome just like it,,u have my 5
Perfect Like every app should be , does everything you need , has all the correct scores and stats and league tables , absolutely perfect
Best sports review Everything is organized I love it
Fantastic app best out there bar none.. Would love you to add uk horse racing results ..thanks
Love it It's awesome to catch up with live scores from my fav game badminton. To mark a doubles team as favs, it looks like the only option is to mark each doubles player individually as favs.
Highlights When The only thing this application dont have are the highlights......can you work on this beacause some other app like 365score offer this. That's the only thing missing. For the rest good job.
Wooow Good app for live score better than other live score and fast alert goal please add player info and Referee name like your website thanks
