Impossible to update I am getting sick and tired of seeing 'insufficient storage available' popping up in the middle of the installation process... I have almost 1GB space available, fix this for God's sake., i can't risk losing all my connections.
Security Required  Best messenger ever. Great work but the problem is Why don't devlopers add a lock feature  a optional passwordpin  should also be provided so that my chats are protected from my friends and family.
Really good app All it's options we need it are available. I hope see  a great change in next update .but my negative feedback is Android need to be looking better , like iPhone and what's app web ,sorry but Android what's app looking bad
I need the new uptade NOW.  Chatting with  Pleasee.  I want it.  Btw starred Chat it like bookmark n it still cool  . It's so easy to find my friend ask me a childish Question.  I love u
Update changelog tho I don't get it.. Ull do update the app but don't always give the changelog.. Y It doesn't make sense... Half the features come to the users as a surprise.. Pl start giving descriptive change logs
Great It's very good, but I can't tap on a contact's profile photo without calling himher for mistake.
WhatsApp wonder Had this app for ages,I love it. And it's even better when emoji's are updated. I use this app more than most others. Great stuff.
Awesome Now Was facing quite some unexpected call hang ups but with this update, things seem pretty good
It is awesome.  The only thing I would suggest to add is possibility to keep history longer than three months. Now a days the phone memory is abundant and you would like to keep some chats for lot longer than 3 months.
Why did you stop updating the what's new part on Play Store Update is notified but why to update  Since BBM is in. It looks like whatsapp wishes to screw its reputation. New update has bugs ..kill em
Awesome I freaking love this app so much. I use it all day everyday. I can enjoy chatting, voice messaging and calling my friends without a problem. I also love that I get the choice to have the blue tacks on or not. Or if I'm shown online or not. Very quick and convient. Everytime I get a update notification for this app I get excited Only because it gets better and better. Keep it up
Superb This application is outclass. No bugs no hanging problem.. voice chat good but voice chat feature is not working in saudia arabia. Small software but 7 star's profemance. Thnx
