Works every time. I use it everyday. Original post 10 2013  I use this app every morning when i get out of bed. I dont disturbe my spouse with lights but can still see where my feet are going with this handy flashlight.     update   sept 2014. Still using this app daily. Still love it. Greatful
Flashlight  I love it I'm in a wc  at times when I drop something it comes in very handy, I don't have to stop and try and find a good flashlight with batteries  just use my phone I love, love, love this app.
Spyware included I'm uninstalling and doing a factory reset on phone so if Trojans were added I can hopefully get rid of them too.
Bright I love the brightness of this flashlight app. I also like that it can change colors and has a flasher light that can be used in emergencies.
Light up my life Have yet  to disappoint me and it's working like any other light
It is a light It does what you expect, you can use your screen as a light and has loads of  tricks if you are into that sort of thing
Love it As someone who can't navigate the openness of our kitchenliving room area without light, I love having this light with adjustable brightness level. I can now go to the kitchen and get a small snack in the middle of the night or early morning without having to turn on just about every light in the house
Great App Exactly as advertised and easy to use. Has bells and whistles if you're into that, or just simply works as a flashlight.
Simple  easy The last Flashlight app I had kept freezing up and crashing miduse. This app runs smoothly and doesn't crash knock on wood. I'm using a Note 4
Excellent I like this so much better then the other plain vanilla flashlight app I was using. That one would just cut out with no warning and if you moved the phone around it would shut off. Not what you want in the flashlight. With this one it's very steady. There are some comments about the color only appearing on the screen and then the flashlight only appearing on the screen side. No, there is an icon on the upper left you press to get the flashlight back out the camera side.
Favorite Flashlight I had a flashlight that wasn't even bright so I downloaded this one and I wish I could use it all the time. Works great. Love how I can change the color and it's Bright
Very cool One of the better flashlight apps.  No problems so far.  Highly recommended.
fun musthave for any slightly intelligent phone Lots of different lighting options  effects backed up by a complete color spectrum, so the user can customize them... LED light is great too... No complaints as of yet. I'll be sure to repost if any glitches or annoying attributes arise... XOXO
Color Flashlight Everything worked great and I especially liked the candle light.   If that's not for you, there are lots of other things you can play with to make it your own special flashlight.  Useful and lots of fun too.
Great little app Comes in handy when you need a little bit of light and don't really want to get a flash light. I like using the screen as a light at night so I can go to bed without waking anyone. I set the screen to a reddish color so it's not going to be bright enough to awaken them.
Great Flashlight App. Has you're basic light plus other options for a little fun. Advertisements aren't that annoying. Would rather a little advertising over them requiring personal data of mine.
Fun Lots of cool options and practical. Comes in very handy for entertainment or emergencies. Quite useful.
I love this app, really handy. And would be great for concerts Cool light display
So far the best flashlight app... It took me a while to find a flashlight app that was not ridiculous. I can't believe that the people who made those bad ones even have jobs. This one is bright, multifunction, and it gives you the option to personalize.
BEST FLASH LIGHT APP, EVER Finally app that does what it said that it does. I really appreciate it. I play with it all the time. Love all the features. NO complaint S FROMM ME.
Wow Really good, I thought it was going to be crappy, but suprisingly, it's really good But not as bright as I would've liked it. I really do recommend to try it out.
WorstBest app ever It is the worst because it is so boring but the best of it is helpful for any use
Color My World Wide Web For a simple flashlight app you can't beat the bright light it produces in a choice of colors. And while bright the softer color selection reduces glare and as such reduces eye strain. Very easy to use with many customizable settings, a nice app for the price oh yeah it's FREE A nobrainer really.
Nice app Comes in handy when you lose power and it's better than having to search for a flashlight which never seems to be where you thought it was.
