Best Golf  Weather app I've found. I use this app for almost all my outdoor activities. Had it for about 2 months. 99.9 accuracy so far.
Mowbray Golf Club Classic flat course,72 par with 71 rating.Five holes with water features.  Spectacular views of Devils Peak and the eastern side of Table Mountain, particularly from the signature hole's 15th tee and also from the short160 metre16 th tee. The course has four challenging par fives and it's four par threes all exceed 150 metres.The Paspalum greens are firm demanding many chip and run approaches from mid handicappers and higher.
Lee rylance Great app,i use this for everything that relies on the weather.
No other golf weather site comes close to this one
Bright What a way to find weather in Galway Ireland
Outstanding, I highly recommend it even as a plain weather app
On the Mark Love being able to see how the course will play the next day.  Would like to see the weather in degrees. But awesome  site.
A fantastic app for very accurate weather predictions . Covers all areas the best.
Great app . easy to use and accurate.
Fantastic response to problems There were a few teething problems following your recent update but the speed of your response to rectify these was absolutely fantastic. Thank you
Your latest update has totally ruined this app. I am unable to save anything. How do I get back to the old version which was 5 star Or how do I fix new version Thanks for fixing bug. Really appreciate your efforts  thanks for the personal approach to my particular problem.
Works great Looks and works great after the bugs were fixed
Great App Awesome very cool app and so glad it's been fixed, well done guys
Updated again 4 Jan 5 stars Again Thanks for the gr8 attention to correcting the app. Works gr8 again
The latest update adds a bug so I can't select a course. I can't add it or view anything about it. Well done on fixing the problem. I like the new look and feel of the latest version much more. It makes it more user friendly.
Works 100 thanks
Very seldom wrong Uncannily accurate, more so than the specialized weather apps
Was great now not so much Used it a lot on my Samsung S4, but now I have an S5 and there is no way to access the menu or settings. I can't change to degree C. Please update. previous 3stars.        The updated version is perfect, great app and the response regarding my problem
Can't select or add home corse After bugg fix wow   Thanx for taking criticism and turning it in to positive input  well done.
