Awesome booster Now my battery lasts long with this junk cleaner.... Must have for every phone  five stars assured
Best cleaner ever I have used many cleaners like clean master, 360 security. Problems with them is they are not complete package. Always suggest something more to download. And of course, ads are to pop up every second. But Ucleaner is ad free. Complete package. Its layout is amazingly beautiful. Highly satisfied.
Superb superb superb... Really a 1.21MB apk file can do which you never able to think.. Almost use all the cleaner of Google play store but never see any superb app like or compare with this... Thank you to all the developer. GOD BLESS YOU ALL. Be happy. Be healthy..  10 out of 10....
Very Amazing I can clean junk only shake my phone.Nice feature, keep it up
This is the best app to boost mobile speed and it is too much better than clean master and du boster .....etc. Hey you are best best best cleaner for mobile its realy small but more smart and more powerfull this is the best app fast boosting app for android realy i tried and became fan of it uc you are the fantastic doveloper. you realy  deserve more than 5 star.loved it
Wonderful It works great. It deletes all junk files and stay phone clean boost. Low memory occupied. Well done job. Deserves more than 5 stars.
Good need more and more improvement Good application...  The application deserve more than 5 star...  Lovely application keep it up u c
Superb  Mind blowing cleaner and booster better than clean master only 1.5 mb memory required. I am recommending personally.
Realllllllly a best app Now my anDy is faster then ever. . Also you can get rid of junk files. . .
Great, small in size big on usefulness Finally found the one utility app for clean up, etc for my tablet and cell. Non intrusive and does what I need. Be gone CM products. When we are all new with android stuff and eager I see quite a few of us fall in to the CM trap, then we wise up to the shenanigans.  Great app.
Prblm solved  It was good app. now it scan cache in my mobile but didn't clear cache. I uninstall it then reinstall but problem doesn't solve on Samsung galaxy star GT5283 runs on android 4.1.2 jellybean...... .update. ... .Prblm solved 
Best of the best UC product has always amazed me with good quality. Looking forward for some other new products from you guys Keep it up
Awesome It's amazing,  wonderful cleaner. A real cleaner deserves 5 star...
Awesome Very fast, and easy to use. And boosts everything even my internet.Thank you. Amazing what a bit of propper clean up on fone can do. Good premium app in a humble package but gave my phone a new lease on life.
Best clean and booster apps I have try CM,all in one toolbox. BUT UCLEAN WORK AND GOOD FOR MY TABLET. NO LAGGING ANYMORE I LOVE UCLEAN GOOD JOB
Galaxy Grand Prime Very good.  now i can force stop unnecessary applications without manually. also avoid auto restart apps
I like it... It is light, runs smoothly, and does not delete media file like other apps...
5star  Cool, effective and lite app for hibernating uc browser. It works well with greenify greenify marks uc browser as perceptive so it cannot disable it . Although i dont like the sticky message, please change it and make it more useful and more awesome design.
