Very nice I like when someone pushes the boundaries and this icon pack does just that Love the shadows and attention to detail. Your update track record looks good as well. Keep 'em coming 
I like the color scheme, simplicity, and semitransparency of this icon pack.  They also have icons for nearly all the major apps, and lots of random icons you can use if you need to repurpose one for a little known app.  Can't say enough about the art style of this icon pack.
Where is the 6th Star WOW... I seek out tight, precise and simplistic icons to create great screen presentations. Added Proton and it took me to the top.
Stunning Absolutely stunning So much attention to detail And looks like it's being regularly updated  thank you 
Awesome Loving the orginality of these Icons Bring s the meaning back to what icons should be..Actual looking 2d looking icons instead of this stuck on stupid trend of flat icons
Awesome  I normally do not like icons like this. I always seem to gravitate back to square packs, but this pack and others this dev has created are really some of the absolute best in the app store and I think it's safe to say... that I have prolly downloaded at least one icon pack from each dev on the play store. Really creative and talented developer
Superb The attention to detail, the colors,  sheer number of icons make this pack a must get.
Good job George Only 100 Downloads should be a thousand
Very nice icon pack Made with attention for detail
Great icons One of the best sets
Good looking pack. I use it a lot.
Nice looking It's fantastic, looks great
Lovely icons and really wonderful wallpapers. This guy is really talented.
Beautiful icon pack
Very detailed icon pack Well done
You are the man. Amazing icons  my phone and table looks good great color and design Simple the best faster update I recommend thanks Dev.
Great set of icons
Awesome icons Need more such innovative stuff
Great work
Great Icons Love the Shadows Greta work
Love it
This is cherry 
Hella good 
Superb
Spectacular George has knocked it out of the park again Everyone should have every pack he makes, they're that good Just quit reading and go get them already... He's an awesome guy and very responsive and helpful Dev, you can't ask for anything more 
Awesome Love this app great work. Developer quick to update. Keep up the good work look forward to more apps
Excellent work... There was a hickup but the developer acted so quickly and professionally. Now it works fine. Thanks.
I simply love this dev's work I have most of the icon themes that they have brought to life  This is one of their best yet.  Very detail oriented.  Thanks,  keep up the great work
Need Support Lightning Launcher Hope add this support.
Fantastic Great design
Looks great on my S6 Edge Love the detail and simplicity of these icons. Looks great on my Galaxy S6 Edge
Samsung Galaxy Note 4
I'm loving it Icons looks great on my Nexus 6.
Two words HOLY Sht I am absolutely floored by the quality and look of these icons. This is absolutely the best borderless pack there is. Worth the .99 their worth twice that. I also have water ui which is fantastic also. I just hope this gets updated with requests. As I have not seen an update for water ui in a while. this is great work
5 Stars Affair.... Each  every icon is meticulously made, superb detailing  aesthetically done. Highly recommended, a must have for all those who appreciate pure awesomeness....
OMG This is by far 'THE' best icon packs IMO Just do it... Press that buy button now
