Akinator is a smart guy. He's hard to beat. Think outside the box. Choose characters you don't think other people have chosen. I've beaten him 9 times past 2 days. I'm getting good.
Luckylady I cant stop playing this game. Never bought a game this was my very first one. Its the best of all games.
Amazing I just don't understand how he knows almost everytime, I mean I've beaten him a couple times but for the most part, no matter how far off the grid I go, he guesses the character in under 20 most of the time. Absolutely amazing
Amazing, fun app. If you answer each question correctly with a yes or no, it WILL get what you're thinking of. It's when you start skipping questions or giving unclear answers that throws the app off. How is it supposed to know what you're thinking if you don't even know
Fun Ask retarded characters for  the genie fun fun fun and more fun yayyayayayyayay, a good app and cool animations to it I hope other. People that buy it enjoy it and have lots of fun clicking   I don't know all the time hahahah
Prepare to be blown away It is uncanny how accurate the genie is. Out of 50 times I I've only stumped it twice. This is a great game I would recommend for anyone.
Cute Not much to it really. Not happy that I don't get points if he doesn't get it the first time, and not a single reward if I beat him
Troubleshoot I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE AKINATOR A little note for upcoming players this game needs WiFi to work. I got angry when it didn't work before I realized I was off WiFi, and then I turned it on and it works like normal. AMAZING WORK YOU ALL HAVE DONE. THANK YOU.
Boss This game is amazing I only had it for 2 days, but I can't stop playing. I stumped him once and said yes he got it right for the money and I got 1500gz or whatever it is.
Amazing Such a good game Doesn't matter if you're drunk or sober, with family or friends It's always such a good time So much fun Would 100 recommend
Crazy Its crazy how he guesses correctly when there are so many options.
Love it It's really awesome I've fooled him a couple times with Matthew Buckleya author and with baggles off icarly
Addictive When you start playing the game just can't stop playing game lol
Love this game. Guesses the most obscure people and characters I can think of. Have I my stumped him 3 times. Great time waster.
Was Cool I've got to say that the costumes are much cooler which inspires people to play this game instead of the free one I'm on yt I might do a let's play on it  Just saying my name is my yt channel 
First it was like I'm about to give up, but after ONE question, he turned the match and won 5 seconds later   EDIT Played another round, and he first guessed it was like a human and I was like  Nope, he'll not succeed when I saw the star, BUT HE DID... HOLY CRAP THAT'S COOL
Great I heard of this app and I had to buy it after I tried it out. It's funny how he gets things right even with like 1 of the info and of not well known things that are common even.
It's awesome  I like how he can guess everything. I got him to guess lonniedos,chica,withered golden freddy, and himself.
So fun But how do you buy things BUT SO FUN and I beat him
Awesome I tried to get him with a character from an old not known game and he still got it with picture and full name too
