  Excellent  A1. I love it . It is very good  useful application.It gives us new  meaningful statuses  of every expression .This is the best of one in its own category.
Awesome yeah Amazing funny cute statuses.. classy selective statuses.. awfully awesome.. loved it
Love t I love the statuses. OMG...some of dem r so crazy. I've fallen in love wth dem
Try it I really  love this app...it has almost every thing i need...but i guess they would have given us the opportunity to search for our own message...its cool after all
Quotes Its good too have but it don't help ,if you don't have enough space too down load the quotes.
Thandile Best one. Loved one... I really love it. Facts are here... im enjoying them. This app deserve five stars
Ausome...... Everything's is best..........just change your logo and upgrade internal icons....make it something material design view
Just loved it this is the bst, the developer took his or her time in designing this app, thank you for suchan app  im quite sure tht some developers would not make it for free
I love this app All types of status are available ....thanks for not putting my expectation down..
Yae I love this app , it helped in putting super status , all my friends were asking
I say its super excellent and Using this I became popular. .thanksss...guys try it
Love it These are awesome I am bad at wording things so these statuses really help with that when I post on FB or other social networking sites. Thank you
Super message Realy I was awesome dude every one must hve ths apps
Something good Must download it . Best way to judge your tounge and your behaviour. Just cant delet the app if once you just have a look in to it. Magical and practical .
I love this app. I like this app... I downloaded it one week ago.. no update available... please update it... thanks
Its nice 50000 quotes I don't beloved hudgeghdhfj
granted I dont wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
Raifa Awesome app loved it v much anyone who love dis ll love a grl also
Awesome app. If you can't say It yourself you'll find it here.
Yae I like  this  aap  it help me  all time  to give  perfect  status  ....
Im loving it This app is so meaningful  I think most people will also like me if i post these status
Awesome The status is not only worth but with lots of meaning as well.
Jafal kutika So good software, with beautiful organized words I have never seen before and   easy to use it in terms of copy and paste. Congratulation
Superb status Nice and very usefull app which provides more unique statuss.
Best I don't remember much  to always change status this app always helps me Download it
Verry nice I realy love this app.. it worth high ratings. 
