Excellent. Takes Allison House login and pulls all my radar data and addon products from there Ultimate customization  makes for a nice piece of kit to have handy during weather events
Essential Weather App Be more informed on current weather locally and nationally with this complete app. Backed by excellent customer support and updates, this app is a complete weather department on your phone. Easy to use with helpful documentation, this is my 'go to app' while professionally managing outdoor and indoor events.
Skip the rest, this is the one. This is the Crme de la Crme of live radar apps. I use it every day.
The best More bells and whistles than the average enthusiast could want. Each update it just gets better.   Fantastic support and community make this a well rounded app.   l use it on tablet and phone and it looks great on both.
Awesome  app
As a former storm chaser for 11 years I can truly appreciate a weather app that shows all aspects of weather radars, not just seeing pretty clouds moving across an area like most weather apps do. I ran with the big dogs for a long time, so to speak, so I needed a weather app that does the same, even though I no longer chase.
Love I've loved this app for years and bought it about a year ago. UPDATE Fixed license error. All good now 
I have both Pykl3 and Radarscope, and Pykl3 is by far the best radar app, not just between the two but the best radar app for Android. Way more customizable with better zoom than Radarscope. Pykl3 is also easy to use and easy to navigate.
Great Weather App I love this App, the UI is great the way it is. The only thing that would make it better is a lightning tracking option, seperate from Allison HouseCaprock, its not practical for anyone outside of storm chasers to use those providers, thus its pointless to not have a stand alone option and providing lightning tracking costs next to nothing.
Best app for spotters and chasers I decided to try this app for the 2015 storm season and thus far I'm throughly impressed. From Mesos to tornado signature, the info provided through the radar feed is as quick or quicker than EAS or NWS alerts. With realtime warning boxes and estimated hail readouts, this app has replaced most tools I've used as a spotter for valuable information. EDIT TO 5 STARS Support and developers on top of things. Thanks for the help with the GPS.
Best one Detailed, clear and concise, worth the money. Needed a radar app to track storms in my area and this is easy to use and very accurate.
Super Radar Informative Action App Tells All see's all
Best Radar App Great app Have had it on three devices. Many years of use.  Best in the store. Excellent and speedy support. Don't look anywhere else. The app is worth the price.
Great app . We had a Tornado come through on Monday night and this app showed the exact location which was a mile from house.
Love this app, nothing even comes close.
Still the best Still the best radar ap I have found.
The best Way better than the gimmicky imitation radar apps out there and does a lot more besides.
Best available  Excellent radar with absolutely no interference from any ads 
Perfect Hands down the most useful advanced radar avail. on Android
Fantastic radar app This has so many EASY to use features. Smooth zoom and observation. Top 5 weather app
Great program One of the best radar apps ever
Why does it need my phone number      Update Thanks for the reply to my question.
Luv this app No other radar app comes close
Great apps Great even in canada maine border...can't go out withour pykl3 radar
Great find I heard about this at a bicycle tour directors conference. I love it. Very easy to use and you can scale it easily.
Best weather app available
BEST radar app HANDS DOWN Love this app better than any other radar app that i have tried Including my local news station radar app
Great App Great map detail. So much information.  Amazing
Great
PYKL3 Radar Very good program. I use it in conjunction with Ham radio to give reports to my  other sykwarn stations in the rest of the county.
Works nicely Thanks Has all the features with meteorology in mind This helped me safely chase Kansas and Colorado Supercells
