I'm still using the Note II.  You won't regret it. I've probably had Sling Box for 10 years or so. Great for standing in long lines DMV, Disneyland, Ballgames, Long trips and shopping with the Wife. To save battery and not be distracted while driveing use audio only. EXCELLENT.
Awesome app Gets every thing I need when I need my tv on the go.  Works great with Chromecast suggestion if you are having trouble on Chromecast cast the whole phone screen the picture will be clearer and be connected on the same WiFi network.
Must have for sports fans Im a huge sports fan and before slinbox was often unable to watch local games to blackout restrictions.now i watch sf giants games anywhere i want.i often get the is that the live giants game from other fans unaware of sling.it truly is your home tv on your phone.top 5 purchases ive ever made.coupled with unlimited tmobile lte,and 3 fully charged replaceable batteries its heaven
I'm happy with it even if it's not super perfect, with great 4G unlimited data from Verizon and HD quality from sling, can't go wrong
Ive been nothing but happy with my Slingplayer. I use it from both my phone and laptop I can't think of a single negative thing about it.
Works great After trial and error from HDCP issues, app works flawlessly. Gotta love tech
The best just keeps getting better Works perfect on my Nexus 6, looks beautiful on a 6 inch display, works great even on LTE service with HD display, it really is worth every penny
Best Invention Ever I travel internationally a lot and get tired of watching local TV. I love being able to watch my favorite shows from home and during football season... Fantastic
Best app ever I may have been annoyed that I had to buy the app not only for android but also for Apple but one thing I can say is already more than paid itself off in the short time that I've used it.
Can't live with out it. If I'm out of town it feels like I'm home . I can watch my local news and TV shows and feel like nothing has changed.
Awesome  Used it for years on multiple phones and routers.  Dependable always.  Totally functional. Excellent app and design  In addition to casting tv, we use our Slings to distribute our created video for review to our staff on their devices...wherever. Thank you Sling
