Now true caller update for Android 6 Some days ago when I make a call to any unknown number then true caller not search that number and error showing that true caller stopped. But now this issue cleared thanks
After latest update, app always stops when we receive a new call. I have provided all the permissions in the app settings as per your instructions Permissions were enabled by default but no luck 
Works for me Gives me just a little more info that the stock caller, and at the end of day it's free, so rating it one star because it dosent block, store, and give the callers blood type is just silly. Good app. Will recommend to friends.
Brilliant Great app blocks allsorts of unwanted calls. Wish you could share blocked calls across your different family and work phones only improvement i could suggest
I currently had my preview turned off now when receiving a message the preview comes up on the screen I don't like that.  There should be a option to disable that.  If they're is plz let me know where  and how to do it.
Amazing Application This is very nice in working and identifying the unknown callers whom you dont know. Also provide the information about fake callers.
A brilliant Idea and Application. Have you ever been plagued by nusense calls by companies you don't know, well now you don't need too, this brilliant app by using a database of spam callers which you can add too will stop those calls from taking up your precious times and draining your patience. Good Bye Spammers.....
Brilliant Best app really made my life easy buy blocking spam or unwanted calls.
It always says it 'Unfortunately truecaller has stopped working' Whenever a call comes in or I call someone I always get to read the statement Unfortunately Truecaller has stopped working. I own a nexus 6, please resolve the issue. Thanks
Best  must have app Does exactly what it says on the tin. Works great, blocks so much nuisance calls, great database for ID calling and great that you can update numbers to share with other users. A must have app. Now gone and ordered the true caller box for the landline. Very very pleased
Used to be great but can't block private  withheld numbers anymore. Every time I press the block button the app closes. Nexus 5x ... Working now, thanks for the fix.
Identified my First Call Tells you how many people reported a number as spam. Will block it for you. Has a list of 400 of most common spammers. You must try it, you'll be happy you did.
Nice Helpful  very important.often u ask for rating this app. Its disturbing.
Does what it's supposed to do Let's you see the caller name in a timely manner to let you decide if you would like to receive the call or block the number and obviously the must have app in any smartphone 
