Great effects for novelty fun For everyone who can't open it is because it is downloadable content for an app called 'sketch guru' this is one of the sections called stickers, hopefully everyone who has this problem gets sketch guru problem solved. Spread the word.
Nice It's very beautiful stickers. Please we want more beautiful  creative stikers  
Incredible Stunning pack I can't believe how easy and professionallooking these are. Makes my photo editing so much fun I love Aviary. Great job
Awesomenessb This is like the best I showed one of my friends and she freaked out Lol.. she thought I really saw a bunch of meteors I was pointing to them and everything Her face was like very freaked out and she said  Ahhh our world is going to end And I laughed lol This app diserves a 5 star rating
For all those complaining. In order to use these stickers you must install 'Paint Joy' first.
Awesome products There is really nothing negative I can find to say about ANY aviary product.
Amazing It looks real But I don't really use this .. so I uninstalled it.
Love it I just love it.. it is amazing..  And brianna far... u must download the  aviara photi editor  in order to be able to open the effects
Nice work. To those complaining that they can't open this it is not a stand alone app. It's an add on for the Aviary Photo Editor which must be installed first. Before downloading something try reading the description. It's the smart thing to do and you won't look so stupid.
Sooooo nice It is very easy to use and nice pic can be made by aviary.can you give some more free effect
amazing its really a good concept of visualization to make ur pics reveal some further  amazing looks...every one should must have dis
Awesome Its incredibly easy to use although certain people dont realize you have to download the actual Aviary Editor inorder to use this feature.This is more like a bonus pack
Umm Yeah im sure its perfect. Cant figure out how to open the pack in the app though.
Addison to my applications Really easy to add , I just need to  how to apply it
King style What an app .....there are the donet wonderfull jobbb....  This app can owsome.....
Nice Aviary stickers are great. Download the free aviary photo editor app first to use these, it is free, then get these. I love all aviary stickers
