Little errors App is so cool big up to those wonderful designers, the are some errors that need to be corrected regarding the questining and answers otherwise the app is in good standards.
The ONLY thing you need to pass This is the best app around  and it's FREE You'll be able to tackle any question they throw at you if you understand the principles. The learning section is what is in the book, so no need to buy it.  Don't waste time cramming answers to the various tests, it's confusing due to grammatical errors.  Rather, make sure you understand the principles and you'll be golden. Those who say this app is bad probably didn't study learning section and relied on crammed answers
works like a charm passed my code 3 learners using this app. . would recommend to any learner out there. .
Amazing App I studied from the app and when I wrote my learners got only 2 wrong. This app was spot on with the signs and rules. I RECOMMEND IT
Passed my learners This app is amazing...I used it to study for my learners and I passed it on the 1st try
Just passed This app is fantastic I tell everyone about it. I just passed 100.
it really is bta dan reading the k53 book I like it coz its practical
Very helpful, can even use it without internet connection
This app is so good, recommend it to anyone.
It's wonderful....passed my test today
Awsome App Got my learners first time and I only used the App
thanks past 1st time after many years. Worth it.
Thank you Helps a lot Especially that there are code 1 papers
It Works I passed my Learners after using this app
Excellent...I love it makes everything easy. There's a great chance that I am passing ma learner's failing for who while I have this app.
Wow sooooo good I love it. It's explains everything. I'm definitely going to pass my learners
Very useful app ,keep it it up
Nice one It's straight to point and simple to use am loving it
Me and my husband passed our learners using ONLY this app decent even have a book or anything els. Love this app, had no problems would recommend it to anyone.
Really factual and educative.thank you
If you are saying this app is crap you are mentally disturbed .I passed mine using the app only
Really great Helped me pass really recommend it.
This app really helps you know 
Awesome App.
Sho Fine
100 score Just passed my motorcycle learners, app works perfect, there are however a few grammar errors and 2 or 3 incorrect answers, however nothing that's not common sense. You don't need anything else.
Accurate   No K53 needed Passed my learner's licence first time thanks to this app  No K53 needed
Must download to pass learners Thanks you k53 this app helped me a lot and helped me pass my learners. An app that you will never regret downloading
App to download I got my learners license coz of u guys...keep up the good work
