Best golf app on Android I've been using this app for more than a year now. It has all the courses I played in. It provides GPS info without asking for monthly subscription. It also shows the distance to the hazards on the course.
Fantastic app. Well worth the money I find the yardage readings on this app to be spot on and has really helped tidy up my approach shots from 150 yards and in. I've shown this app to people who have paid for sky caddies or similar devices and they can't believe the value for money.  Could not recommended this app more
Very accurate I've been using this app for about a year now, the distances are dead on. I was playing at a course that had GPS on the carts. On a par 3 I pulled the club to what cart gps said. I overshot the green. I then checked my phone and it showed an 18 yard difference. the sky droid app was right, the cart GPS was wrong. Needless to say I used my app for the rest of the round, and never overshot a green again  Love this app
6 stars Compared to my dads GPS it wasn't as accurate.  About 23yrds off but more up to date on the course changes than his. Played 9 holes and drained 35 battery.  Overall a great app and totally satisfied.
Must buy This is a great app. So many features. Love the score tracking. The overview of the holes is awesome. Also if your home course is scarcely marked you can go online and updateadd to it. Really can't recommend this app enough. Goes hand in hand with my laser range finder
Works perfectly Does what it says and is light. No extra junk you don't need. Once you have your course dialed in it is perfect. Thanks
Great range finder I've used this app since the very first version.  I see an issue that I don't recall was present before.  Using an HTC One.  I use the app then press the power button to make the phone sleeps or turn the screen off.    However, I can tell gps is running for the app while the screen is offs draining battery.   If I click to the skydroid settings screen it doesn't do this.    Can we get an option to turn off gps when phone screen is off, the new phones lock on fast.....
Perfect Does exactly what you want it to, very easy to use. Can kill a battery, but that isn't the app's fault, that is having gps and screen on for 4 hours while running data. RAZR maxx early makes it through a round, otherwise look for an extended or external battery, or just use it when you need a distance then turn it off.
Brandon comes of age At last all my distances can be computed. Will the next edition let this 71 yr old hit it further Perhaps not but at least I can easily recalibrate.  Great App worth every one of the pennies I paid for it 3 years ago
Good choice Bought to augment my golf buddy. Better than the free gps available. Clean interface wo the annoying ads. Compared it to my golf buddy. On one hole the Skydroid got confused on the distance but a few holes later the Golf Buddy was wrong and I used the Skydroid. In general they were within a couple of yards.
I always seem to have the most accurate distance when using this application with my S4. Keeping score is useful and I love this app's speed. I just wish there was an easier way to 1 add missing par scores when missing in course data such as Starr Pass 2 keep score for multiple players and 3 calculate handicaps for betting. Finally, 4 I wish there was a cartoon version of maps like the hardware GPSs provide as the Google Earth photos are too slow and difficult to read for me.
Was good, now GREAT I've used Skydroid for a couple years and it was a pretty cheap, effective gps app and not much more.  With the latest update that includes score cards and shot stats, this has morphed from a decent gps only into a great, full featured golf app that does everything I look for
Grate app I like this app it's helped me with my game . When we go to a new place to play we have no problem getting the golf course .  I have this app on my phone and the battery lasts even if we got stuck with a 6 hour round . Last year with update something about a handy cap still whating . Maybe for this year it would be nice
Awesome app. This app is fast, accurate and very easy to use. My course just installed 150 yard markers and this app is always within 1 yard. I have found using this app that many yard markers on courses are inaccurate, sometimes 10 15 yards. For a stat freak like myself, I love the stats that it keep for you. I would highly recommend this app.
Great golf GPS app I love this app.   Very affordable, you don't have to pay download fees or yearly membership fees, relatively accurate.  Have used this app for over 3 years now and have had no reason to buy anything different or much more expensive.
Unexpected I live in rural Maine and played at a small rural course yesterday. I bought the app not expecting much for less than 2. Not only did it have this small 9 hole course, it was spot on with distances. All my playing partners want one now One guy is giving up his more expensive unit to only have to carry one device.
Cheap, accurate, easy Best 2 I spent. It's easy to you and accurate. Gives me the same yardage numbers as friends with 500 range finders. The new scorecard integration is a lot better. I don't keep a separate scorecard in the cart anymore. I can track strokes putts and shot shape all from the app. Good update
Use it everytime I'm playing Couldn't be happier with this app. Has all the courses in my area and is very accurate. Well worth the money paid Thank you, developer
Great app. Sorely in need of facelift. This app works perfectly. Every course I've ever played has been available to download. Distance is consistently accurate within 12 yards of 200 rangefinders. My only gripe is that it needs a facelift yesterday. It's just stuck in the Froyo and Gingerbread days. I'd actually happily pay for it again if it got a material design update.
