A perfect tool of defense This is an invaluable tool to defend yourself from other peoples careless driving. You can play back an accident immediately so the authorites can see the truth. The difference between an insurance claim and a court summons.    Great app for truck drivers where as your phone is on the dash anyhow. It has all of the features of a traditional dash cam plus more, without the need to have an additional piece of hardware on your dash Now works with the TND80. Great job guys
This is the best Dash Cam app. I've used several dash cam apps and Caro0 Pro is the most feature rich and reliable of the whole lot using it on Samsung Galaxy Note 3. Users complaining about the battery drain situation, I am using a 2 Amp Garmin car charger  it fully charges phone while app is running with OBD device connected One request I still do not know what all the icons mean could you create an online FAQ or include a builtin document that explains all of the features and icons please.
Update now supports Android 4.4.4 Headunits Great app...
FANTASTIC Is there a way to add support for an external camera This a fantastic app. Can save thousands if used everyday. I am currently trying to build a carputer and it would be nice if we could get webcam support. I have a microsoft webcam that im trying to enable.
Very good the best
Worth every penny Nexus 6 This app has so much information, and even without the OBD device it still has the necessities such as the current speed, harsh breaking notification, idle and hill. Given the amount of fraudulent claims this App can be the difference to a cheque coming your way, or fighting in court to prove you wasn't in the wrong.. Little extreme but can happen, my only problem is running this and TomTom causes a lot of lag but that's expected.
It works This is the first blackbox app I've found which works as expected. Also intuitive to use, and not too resourceheavy.
Absolutely awesome app I really like all the great features this app has to offer, add an obd device and you have great car system monitor. I recommend having the phone plugged into a charging source while using this app.
One of the best, if not the best. I love this app, it has saved me from getting a redlight ticket in court. I was able to prove that i was passed the line, with the video I recorded with this app. I have tried apps on iPhone and Android none have been as well rounded as this one. The camera works with every phone ive tried and the app so far has only crashed once and i think that was do to heat from the phone being by the windsheild.
Excellent App. I had some dashboard cameras in the past, with a great lot of complications. Then I found out about this application. I tried, and after a couple messages to the developers, I can say now This is the best Highly recommended. Don't hesitate to send some questions to the developers. They will answer you fast.
Great Use it daily for a dash camera on my G35. Works great Especially if one were to be in an accident Love that it works with my OBDII sensor Totally worth the 5
Pretty awsome Works well...would be very cool if you could alter which ODB things were displayed.
New version This is the bedt blsckbox for work with older devices and androids , background work very good and smooth recording .  Every thing is good . But new  version 3,0,0 didnot work on my device .android 2.3.3  That has force close on start with initialazation with black box  camera
