Ever tried hockey with your friend on a glowing board  Give it a try.. I bet you guys will end up laughing..
BORING BUT can't STOP It's boring but so fun I can't stop playing it's like a spell and it's got control over me now I know why this game so popular
Amazing D It's so cool i play this game at the fun house and it's super cool Love it 
Glow hockey So fun everyone play glow hockey plzz it is so fun if u don't u are miss the best game in the world
Fantastic Many fun moments with OTHER people... not just by yourself you self absorbed dumbass
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Cool thanks to god that I had wifi so I can install glow hockey faster. Everyone hear this that I choose this type glow hockey because others are black in colour such as glow hockey 3D this is the one glow hockey that we can play with 2 players such as my father and I. It's so cool to play glow hockey and my name is oppo
FunGood game I would definitely reccomend this game. As with any free game there are ads that pop up in  between games but so far every time that I've hit the x to close them they have closed unlike some other apps. It seems to have been well designed overall. The only thing that could make this app better in my opinion is to add an online multiplayer.
Highly recommend for people who need a fun game. Great game. Is slow a little bit for about a minute, then goes smoothly. Its the game I've been waiting for but couldn't find until now.
Love it I dont know why people hate this game but i dont care its not a problem to me i just download games to have fun love this game
Best app ever Best app ever so addicting not to many ads sound affects are great the way everything glows this app deserves 110 stars
I love it I play this game very often. Especially when I miss my son.I love playing air hockey with him. This is as close as I can get to being with him. I love you if you see this...
Its fabulous to play with friends Its fabulous to play with friends with betting of winning the match and with lots of fun and enjoyment
