CrystalLuv545 OK Zedge .tell me why the wallpaper reloaded widget disappears off my home screen and the only way to get it back I have to Uninstall and reinstall to get the widget back on my homescreen. What's that about I like to change my wallpaper myself. I still love u but can you fix this 
More than I thought it would be This app has so much more  to choose from than any app that I have downloaded for ring tones and notifications. I never did make it  through all the ring tones or the notification alerts.
If i do say so myself.... Been using this app since Nam. It's fantastic, couldn't ask for more, gives me exactly what i need
I have gotten some pretty awesome ring tones that nobody else has in my family.  Have actually gotten family members to get this app now, so they can get their ring tones as well.
I absolutely love the ring tones... Everything from Daddy's Girl, Mother Tracking you down, cool music.... And My Personal Favorites... The Mental Health Hotline  Drunk Squirrel... LOLOLOL... It's so much fun
What nots I've used this app for over 5 years but I just recently began texting my wife special notes with wallpapers attached. Wow... flowers, good morning, spiritual messages etc. Needless to say she loves it. I need more Thank you.
Thank you so much It has everthing that I needwant and its free I would give you 10 but it only goes up to 5
Necessity Any one who loves their phone or tablet to be unique then this app is 100 a MUST HAVE. Just install it, there is no need to Research anything. Just close your shut your mouth and press DownloadInstall. You will not be disappointed
Know who's  calling I have set a ringtone for just about everyone of the people on my contacts. I know who is calling just by the ringtone and I can answer it or ignore it. I can tell from across the room whether I want to run for the phone or not. works great for me
Zedge Friend recommended it to me today. I'm a first time user. I'm enjoying it, and I will share this app with family and friends. Thanks for something exciting and fun.
Fun plus It's great to be able to have a different ringtone for people.  That and to not share a ringtone with anyone else in the family is useful.
Great app OK Now quit nagging me, OK Always dependable for ringtones, alarm notifications, all notification types. Integrates well with my filing apps. Great selection of sounds.
One of the best apps out I have used many apps on my phones through the year.i must say Zedge has never left me down with the wallpaper live and still and the outstanding  amount of ringtones.                        Keep up the good work Zedge
Watch Out It's Addicting I have used this app on my last 34 phones. It had greatly improved w time  one can only hope it continues to get better Some hilarious ringtones  notifications. I've found myself last for hours finding things. 
Works excellent, easy interface  free Heyyo, I'm very impressed with this app. Nice and easy to use interface, searches by category and all for free Perfect. The ads that keep this program free aren't intrusive so it's a good feeling too. 
Absolutely great app I've never used a better app than Zedge. This app is second to none and I've used it for 3yrs satisfactorily. Keep adding to it Zedge.
The comedy ringtones are so funny I love it I enjoy listening to them maybe later I'll may put my ringtones in music but for not I'm enjoying the comedy ones
I love it I swear, this is like the best thing ever and especially when it comes to searching something that's reliable. Well, this is it Big thumbs up for me.
Amazing I can spend hours a weekjust skimming through all the ringtones and alerts. Easily the most fun and interesting app I have ever had . Thanks to all of the people responsible for the creation of what I think is the most fun app ever created. Thank you thank you thank you 
Everything you want in Zedge You can delete every other app you have for ringtones, wallpapers, and sounds and more. Type in any song, movie, or sound and Zedge can get it. No ads. Try it... you'll like it.  I'm not affiliated with app.
Love this app for contact photos and ringtones. I don't even have to look at the phone I know who is calling and my 4 year old granddaughter always says that's mommy  When she calls me its so cute.
Best app for ring tones and wallpapers Love this app I can find pretty much anything I'm looking for, and even stuff I didn't know I needed
I loved it I love this app especially the alarms, there is an alarm that annoys my brother his reaction is priceless... Download this app
Not having any issues on my android This is a great app so far and I am not experiencing any of the problems that others are referring to.  Beautiful options for display and ring tones. Nice
YAS I have had the app for a few years and continue to love it. I particularly like that you can always keep the song once you have dowloaded it instead of it disapearing after a while like the verizon ones did. I do wish song titles were more accurate though. A lot of times they are way off
