Still my transit app swiss army knife  Unlike ETS's application, this application allows one to look up specific bus stop info without a network connection. Better than any other app, with or without realtime info for Edmonton Transit.
Samsung galaxy s5 Never fails, always good. I really love having it. Never need a timetable again.
Has a few glitches walk across a 4lane highway  Really  But, on the whole, an indispensable app  Oh, it DOES eat your battery life.
Great Saves me from carrying a lot of New Jersey transit paper bus schedules
Cool app The best app I downloaded
Transit times Simply awesome
Love it Best for music
Daily Use Constant updates, quick to track and calculate.use it on the daily. Has become the only bus app I use.
Great app It does what it's supposed to do. Having an app that would get the drivers to do  their job, just hasn't been invented yet.  smiles
Great App and Responsive Developer I've been using this app for a year or two now and have found it very useful for Trimet in Portland. It provides up to date arrival times and being able to save stop organized by folder has made checking times on the go seamless. When I have had feedback or questions, the developer has been very responsive and helpful.
Frequent SA Traveller Timetable accuracy is very good as is the roadwork alerts 
Great timetable app Easy, reliable, never had any problems with it.
All you need Does exactly what it says on the box.
Excellent Use it all the time.
Excellent. Best app I have found for Christchurch
Very good app. A
Very Nice
Good and handy
Transit timetables Fantastic app don't need to go to transport SA to get bus time tables anymore so convenient and right at my finger tips very reliable and extremely useful app to have keep up the good work it would be nice if I could scan my phone with pay wave using NFC on my device when validating my bus card on the buses ticket validation machine
Best app for Adelaide SA Easy to use. Love that it gives you the bus ID, so I can pick which bus will be a big bus, and catch that one. I'd love for a UI refresh material design.. Please
Awesome I love this program and as a North County, San Diego, transit NCTD patron I use it almost daily.  I love being able to save and rename my favorite trips and stops as this makes planning and traveling super easy  I also love the fact that our busses, trolleys, and trains all broadcast their location which allows this app to track them.  It will for example tell you how many minutes more until your bus arrives along with how many minutes it's late.  It also includes a reverse trip feature.
