Trying it. I just tried itwell going to. This isn't a scam for hackers though, is there Probably not,right Please reply to me when you can.
Claire bear Speciallly love the taking. Picture of the person trying to ck out ur private things pictures etc. All in all for a free app. Its pretty thorough. I wonder if they can get picture clearer so i know wat they look like
Locate Family  plus more It does everything it's supposed to plus identify thieves but taking a selfie stealer and sending it to your email
When accuracy matters There are imitations who come close.  When your safety or very existance is in jeopardy  accuracy matters. Time, distance, their very lives will depend on your choice to 1 Download this app. 2 Use it often. 3 Don't become complacent thinking 'it won't happen to you or your loved ones. 4 Love them enough to override any objections  that's what being the adult parent or loving spouse entails.
Quite a worthy application Most all of these applications I have too many flaws and on many phones they use a way way too much memory this is very simple and small and works just as well as all the other software and like everything else they offer its free wonderful it uses enough data to give you a precise location with lag safer, PRECISE then it becomes a security risk I just use it so I know my wife left home with the baby so I don't bother her takes both hands on the wheel
My husband lost his phone at side of the road.  Used this app to locate it.  Amazingly it was precisely where the app said it was.  It usually has some lag time when following someone. Which can be irritating.   Like it doesn't update your location effectively enough.  But it sure found our phone with no problem
SONES RETURN IT'S TAXPAYER TIME LET'S DO BUSINESS AGAIN,AND MAKE IT SURE IT'S GONNA BE RIGHT AND SUCCESSFUL JUST LIKE BEFORE JUNE 2008...PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA THIS IS MY PROMISE......
MASTERPIECE  100 stars if possible The best thing ever to keep track of ur loved ones. Those who don't see updates on location, please ask d other party to turn ON location  mobile data in their settings. It just works marvellously for me. It updates d location each time i open d app  press refresh. I would have given this thing a 100 stars if possible.
