Great job The drift is quite minimal while a video is playing, but when doing anything in menu it acts up.  Also please try to work on heating issues.  My phone was pretty hot after 20 minutes.  Other than that it's awesome.  Please add the ability to change seats    Galaxy s5
Best VR theater APP Ever Best app for movies, youtube vr. Exactly like having your own movie theater. Recommended, worth every penny. Love this app, no joke guys
So far great vr cinema Performance has definitely improved.  Brightness and overheating issue seems to be resolved.  New settings and old features have been restored. Drift is still an issue on my LG G4 smartphone.  Please add an autoplay feature to automatically play the on the same folder that just finished playing a video but the next one kind of like going through a video playlist.  I don't see this feature in this update.
Works great I noticed the tomb scene was taken out on the last update, any plans to add more sceneries
Bought it, amazing I eagerly await seat selection. So much care put into this theatre already, I want to see it grow for years to come.
A lot better You guys should put super realistic textures into this, if not a little more, also some scenery changes would be nice, also to choose sbs or full from the beginning
Fantastic program, No real drift issues using the Samsung note 5.  One thing that would improve is to be able to use KODI with this app.
Incredible Experience I really like the app. It's a fantastic experience. However I would like a Russian keyboard available for the search menu.  Maybe that's asking too much but many videos on YouTube cannot be accessed without one. Thanks guys for making such a really enjoyable app
Great vr cinema app Really good cinema experience.  Looks stunning. The streaming from laptop great option saves so much time on recoding films to fit on phone. Does drift a little , but  no more than other apps . Screen size is amazing . 100 felt like I was in the cinema. Would have rated this app more stars if it were possible.  Great work keep it up.
