I'm impressed After having been using the phenomenally good eWeather by Elocont for several years, and meanwhile trying a few other weather apps just for fun, I thought I'd never say this but, my dear developers, I bow before you I do Great interface weather dependent colors, very intuitive yet fully featured, highly customizable, long range layered radar images..and much more. Wonderful job Highly recommended It's worth every penny
A While back having a weather app with beautiful design was always a dream. But Weather Timeline is everything i always wanted in a weather app, probably more then what i expected. The Material Design is awesome to look at with subtle animations which compliment the interface. Really happy with my purchase. Props to the developer. Waiting for some more awesome apps in the future.
Great, but one suggestion. Can you add a Add Place button under the 3 dot menu I want to hide the floating button, not the function.
Wonderful When I first downloaded it the app had tons of issues, Now after redownloading it the apps works great. Its worth the money 100.
What a beautiful weather app This is one of the most beautiful Material Design apps I have yet to see and it has a TON of widget options. I highly recommend this app
Great attention to detail I was using the Yahoo app for a long time and thought it was good enough but then I got this. I don't think I'll ever look back.
Nice App Best material design weather app but widgets kind of sucks especially the WT Bar 4 x 1 where the distance between city and temprature  is too wide apart which makes it look really ugly. Please fix it
Beautiful. Probably the most beautiful execution of material design yet. This app is the epitome of beautiful form and function. Haven't regretted getting this app ever.
The best I have been using this for two weeks now and I have to say it's very accurate and has a very clean minimalistic Flat UI
Fantastic I like this app over Weather Underground.  But I still keep Weather Underground for the notification bar settings x   I do wish I could leave feedback like Weather Underground, this says it's snowing right now, it's not, stop scaring people.
Very nice but please.... Can you allow users to change the colour of the watch faces and also improve the digital face design Some nice bigger typography would be perfect Great app. I love it.
A must have Great soft for weather cast the animations are great and beautiful, choice between some weather sources, nice widgets, etc. Go for it thumb up
SVALER In best Weather
Finally the widget well designed and doing exactly what I expect. Really like it
Stunning SHARE actual weather option would be great..
Favourite Weather app
Simply one of the best weather apps out there
Fantastic widgets
Gteat job...
The best weather app Looks great and is very accurate As a bonus I can add that developer is very nice and responds to emails instantly Definitely recommended 
Everything works and looks great I wish there was an option to update the weather every 30 minutes or even 15.
Terrific work, dev This weather application is easily the best one available. With a clean, intuitive Material Design, and the right information at your finger tips, you really couldn't ask for something better.
Great Buy Was using 1Weather but they were charging 2.99 for the Adfree version  this one's only 0.99
Top quality weather app. Absolutely worth every penny. I had a minor cosmetic bug. Reported if to the dev, withing 15 min he pushed an update that fixed it. Top notch customer service
Wow So accurate, love the customization, and love the umbrella alerts before I leave for work....because I melt when my hair gets wet....lol jk.. Thanks Sam for an amazing app   
Excellent This app is accurate here in my part of the UK. Tried many other similar apps and this one is excellent.
Great weather app. Excellent design I love how this app is laid out. The app just works great. Smooth scrolling for info. The radar works well. I've had no issues running it on Marshmallow. Definitely worth the .99
Best weather app. Ever. I've tried almost every major weather app out there and this one is by far the best. It's accurate, timely, and beautiful.
