Awesome app massandtattsnito  There is such a wide selection of hash tags to chose from, its a fun, easy and effective way to find the best most popular has tags to share your photo. I highly recommend whis for those who are looking to publish there photos massively
 CoachLivi My IG is popping off now. I love it. My message is getting out there to the people I want to impact. 50 likes per post Do it It's worth it.
best app this app is the best. it gets me SO MANY LIKES and it's so fast. this app is my fav. I LOVE you guys 21412princess
Excellent This app really does work it really does help my pictures get more noticed. Keep it up. davids13
Great This is an awesome app for getting likes, follows, etc. I upgraded to the pro version and like it a lot more Definitely worth the money considering how easy it is to tag your photos
Best app ever I love this app some much I can have  like on my instagram pictures easy in love with this .
Henriquecicarelli Its very handy for me and help me a lot. Also how can I get a shoutout  Thanks 
Hashtags  Heaps of tag categories, saves me using my brain and it's easy  Follow me  imabmelg
My instagram name is krankinbilly shout me out i followed and mu rating toward your app is 5 star
Thanks I'd love to see a category that lists the most popular tags for the week or day. It would help me know what people want to see jondeckerphoto
Awesome App What can I say  it does what it does with no issues.
Asus TF700T Good app  good dev  he responds fast to emails. . I tried a few different apps and this one is by far the best.
Even better The custom tag option works well, especially for niches. rairgair
IG xxmannersxx I'm not sure if you guys still do the shout out for the rate. But if you could give me one I would be most happy. And thank you for making the app so easy to use, you are the best
It does exactly what I want it to do Easy to customize tags and only .99, I'll take it
Love it I never used to hashtag anything because of time but now I can tag things and be discovered by millions more than before.
This Is A Good App It Helps Me Get Alot of Tags 
Great app That is the easiest way to tag pictures  It makes it a nice thing to do  Great variety  najsaf
Quick I like the fact that I can save my Hash tags. To Dope
