Works PERFECTLY on my SL It works perfectly on my SL, no complaints like those 2k 1star dumbaes who doesnt know how to make this thing work. Maybe you should try to use your common sense first before complaining.
Extra features ftw Double tap feature I thought I would never have it unless owning an HTC m8. Good job guys
PLEASE FIX... I disabled and still says deactivate instead of uninstall. I love the use of it. Its cool but I'm done using these apps and going back to stock. Please fix I gave a good rating.
How to uninstall I'll give 5 stars if someone can tell me how to delete this. Deleted the rest but yet this one still manage to be here. How do I get rid of it
Amazing Loved the app really good oginized and fun to use would love more lockscreens
Very helpful  My powerlocking button is so hard to press, but because of this app it's very easy 
It's lite and functions very well I'm not complaining but could you please add a few new features
Its good than other launchers Its works super but it will stuck in middle and also its good than my tab launcher...........
AWESOME Knock off workin' good..  Maybe you could try knock on hahaa.. Just great..
Works like a charm. Absolutely simple yet perfect... And as a plus it's such a small thing to install.
Usefull Could you add a DOUBLE TAP TO SCREEN UNLOCK or just tap twice at the screen to wake it up plsss
Nice add on. If you love Smart Launcher this adds a nice feature, double tap to turn screen off. I'm looking forward to more like this.
Love this..... Saves wear and tear from having to use my power button to turn off the screen, a triple tap to turn the screen back on would be epic......just a thought.
Simple and cool Perfect and nice app, does what it says
Awesome just one thing It would be nice for double tapping to wake up the phone but wouldn't that lead to butt dialing, texting etc.
Micromax A114R HD3G Oh..it's good for off screen. I have waiting for long time. I have search play store anything apps we double  single tap then off screen. Really I having proud fill it's a good work.....BOKUL.bd.
Just what I need. Coupled with HTC one M8 double tap wake screen, I have no need for power button anymore, well unless to shut down.
Best I have seen till date. Swift like a bullet. Bang on for every gesture, every move and every click.
It works very well The description however is a little misleading... I've waited months and still there is only one feature double tap to sleep. Still it is a wonderful feature
The Best I love this Launcher.. it's smart.  So light,so easy to use,easy to customize. SIMPLICITY IN EVERY CORNER.
Saves my power button Love this plug in  As  an obsessive phone checker, I love that I can turn off my screen without wearing out my power button
Business owner I really like the format.  Helps with categories,  and doesn't conflict with other  apps.
I simply love GinLemon's work. This little addition works like a charm.
