AWESOME CUSTOMER SERVICE I had purchased the 300gold pieces and had never recieved it  after emailing the developers they had refunded my order in a promptly manner.
Reentergreetion The retrospective is the retrograde servers ensemble at this miene it's need something like abandon, it's true all father is a father Hahahaha I can't believe in that.
It complete package of fun.. I am enjoying this game if you like sniped firing then install this game it's fantastic..... You will be like this.....
It will be harder when you complete more chapters loved it.. it can be hacked easly..I hacked it and I assembled the golden weaopon.. its really nice.. you can hack it by lucky patcher or sb game hacker
U can hak dis onli work on samsung galaxy young 1.dawnlowd dis gaem 2.dawnload cheat droid  3.play the gaem  4.open da cheat droid end faynd da gaem end klik da first end faynd builyon and money Plis chat to me if its nat work tenks Si ya Lel Ayy lmao end haw to get da middel part of golden part
Good game..., But little difficult to aim enemies, it shud be smooth aiming sensitive
Big fan of sniper games This game adds aspects to the game play that makes it stand out from other sniper games but still requires the precision and accuracy that make sniper games fun . Another good thing is that you can play and make progress in the game without having to make in app purchases. Well rounded game. the helmet guy will go down with one head shot if your gun has enough power
Awesome game Just wish there was a easier way to make money, i run out to fast
How can I shoot without bullet Someone played and reset everything. Don't know how to get more money to buy bullet, but bullshit
veryveryveryvery good game but please fix a bug. This game is awesome graphics are cool but fix my problem is like i gave 1500 and i get 5 bullions not online on game please fix this problem i trust on you pleaseeeee.Please fix it i am very happy when you fixed this problem.one more request add some more gun.please fix this problem iam not able to get Excalibur can you fix my problem in two days pleasee.and again i say its a verrrrrrrrry good game.the devloper is very intelligent made this game
