Improved the new weather service, foreca, has made this app perfect again. already loved the widget formlayoutstyle, just wasnt accurate with the other providers. fixed  have used it since the beginning.
Best one Best weather app I used accurate smooth light on the device but I wish it had more icon set's like a memorial design icons the ones on the Google now, not that's an issue but it's nice to have more icon options
Best clock  weather app CopyPaste from the review I did on the free version, only that it is so good that I decided to pay for the noads version. After having tried pretty much all popular similar apps, it looks like I'm settling with this one as it works perfectly and it looks great. It's clean and elegant.
LG G4 Running Lollipop Really great app. So many great features and customizations. Easy to use and does what it says. Runs flawlessly on my G4  Thanks for this fine app
Has its ups and downs but overall it's awesome I can't think of a thing I would change about this app. It runs well the majority of the time... Every once in a while I'll get an update that makes it act wierd or I'll have to remove it from my home screen and readd to fix an issue, but again, overall I'm very pleased with it.  The forecast and temps are usually spot on which is what I care about.  Highly customizable.
Xperia Z This weather app is nice. I have it on my screen but it would be even nicer if the weather emblems such as the sun and clouds we're animated. 
Everything's Working Again Could use some new widget themes, but I like it.  Better than the stock weather apps
Great app The convenience alone is what makes this app great. I can get my weather in the blink of an eye and is always at hand thanks to the convenience of the home screen widget. Keep up the good work.
Go To Weather App I've been using this app on and off for a few years now and despite me trying other apps, I always come back to this one every time It looks and feels right for me and is the most customisable one I've used. Love it
Easy to use I find this app to be just what I need for my weather tracking needs. Thanks
Very Good. Clear and concise. Quick to pick up locations. Well worth the coin for pro version.
All the information at a glance Looks good on the home screen and has all the shortcuts and information I usually need.
Gr8 Long waited for such app.  If it had a short agenda below then it worth 6 stars. OK, see you heard me, 6 stars . You brought back the calendar, excellent 6 stars
Great app This is the best weather app for android. Very accurate with a tasteful selection of styles.
Loved it so I bought it I used the free app for a very long time and it was great. But I wanted to get rid of the ads and support the developer so I upgraded to the paid version. It's just as great and now there aren't any ads I'm super happy with this app
Best of the lot Despite a few glitches, I am loving this app I highly recommend both it's form and function.
The best Android app now ad free Couldn't ask for more. Now no more accidently hitting ads when checking the weather. Which is super accurate.
The only weather widget I've ever used. Wonderful piece of software .
I love this app, go download it I switch between this and the yahoo weather app. I think I use this one because of the widget selection and battery savings. I've had this app for over a year or two. It's great, give it a look
Excellent One of the best weather apps, my only criticism is the sunrise and sunset times are an hour out since the clocks went back
Gret App If you're still using the free version like I was for the last year, get this one. Worth the purchase 55.
The best whether app out there Customizable, light, easy to use, but most of all accurate whether app. Highly recommend it.
Good app. With you would add a lighting detection.
Love Helpful, intuitive, pretty, customizable.  Great app
SMG 5 favorite Great app. Rely on this every day.
Love this weather app Purchased this one.  Used many others.
Works great for me. I like it has customable options.
Really Great App l tried other Weather and time apps but nothing Compared to this.   Highly recomend . since you are reading this Dont hesitate get it
Excellent Probably the best weather  clock widget out there
Excellent It does everything I want it to do.
