Great graphics awsome game play This game is really fun and addicting make sure to type my in game name ghost1741lg after tutorial to get a super rare card and other prices to start of. The game is free but if you want to spend  make sure to ask questions on their Facebook page because it could get really expensive. Once again after tutorial type my ign. ghost1741lg
Great Super fun and addictive, use my code sozora and we will both get a super cool reward in game
Great game Have played for 18 months. Must commend the programmers for the latest updates. But you really need to upload more missions as i have run out of chapters and am having to redo them on raid boss events. Whih is getting boring
Lost death mortus card soul gem summuns My account ladybloodbayne lost my soul gem summon death card one minute there the next gone I know that it wasn't feed by accident please help really want my card back been on this game for three years me and my wife both play it and its her account that lost the card please fix immediately thank you
Want a reward Type in the name tweyani into the invite box when first downloading to summon a rare or higher creature
Hellfire is amazing once again I used to play this game over a year ago but then I started having issues where it wouldn't work or it crashed often. I gave up but a year later I finally downloaded it again and it's even better than ever, plus i was still able to use my old account so I still have all of my old cards. So excited
Forget the negativity This is and always will be my favorite game ive had this game on 3 different phones and its worked like a charm never let me down keep it up guys im always excited to see whats new......THIS IS HELLFIREEEEEEEEEE
Really awesome game New event every week Game is beyond 5 stars Tremendous talent, skills, and artistry by the developers. Thank you  team DeNA for the cards now having lock feature. Don't have to spend real money to enjoy the game but do have to be a patient and consistent player. I've been playing for 2 years now and love every minute. Enter friend code, Mollari, if you try it out and get a strong bonus card to start out with. Enjoy
Great Game for the people posting it's not loading  you must have shiternet lol
