Just got back from the UK. hannah u. .The may be able the same. We have a look at our website. We have been made to this email. I
Cool Just loving all the new things about Temple Run 2. Only issue would be sometimes artifacts are repeated although I have collected them before. Just fix that thanks
It's extremely good One problem they should change it so u could go more to the left and right and also the graphics can possibly be betterAll in all I rate it a 55 just get. The all
Would love some more levels, 11 clearly is not enough. I just play for daily challenges now 
Temple run 2 Running game, doesnt try and microtransaction you to death.  Great game thats impossible
I can't believe this is so good with this new update Believe me you're going to want the ne update it's amazing and I just can't stand I play this everyday every hour every second every minute. But of course had to go to sleep and go to school so when I get home from school I always play temple run and when I go to sleep sometimes I make my tablet in and play it ok I don't sneaking into my bedroom but I really wish I could.
Great game I love this game, but could you add just more environments, like when you added the waterslide, and just some more challenges like difficulty levels and more rewards. Other than that I love this game and absolutely recommend it 
Temple Run God it was so good install it for the new wipeout game but then the new wipeout 2 game wassup not a blast but then I downloaded it again and it still blast i download temple run again and it's still a blast I can't believe I wasted all that time playing wipeout 2 but this game is worldwide  Dad love you tonight wish Natalie could come over today water Dad love you talk to you talk to you tonight Ok bye me round I am coll Dad its Melissa Johnson  I was trying to move
Awesome Awesome game and great features.. Just don't understand why my coins keep going away..I can't save my coins to buy other characters..
Colors are vibrant, landscapes are very well imagined and the character list keeps getting better and better. Over all great game to play Please keep it coming
Good game I love the game  because it makes me want to ran a lot the game is really nice  and fun great  game love it hope u make more fun game  777777777777777777
