Love it Have been using it for 4 months now and am loving the features Only improvement could be the altimeter  the above sea level measure sometimes seems inaccurate.
Puuurrrrffffeeeecccttt Awesome. Please support move to sd card
Works like it is suppose to. Nice to have many sat. to go by.
Smart Interface Very useful and informative.
I absolutely love it GPS lock is a little slow when on move but apart from than, everything is excellent
Great app The features and what it does is really great
Meh No, it's awesome
Very cool
Question Why does the speedometer gets  red around 30 kmh and the speed in status bar become white square Great app, congrats.
Great App I use on my motorcycle almost everyday I love it
Greatapp
This app is great It's works great on my Avin stereo in my BMW. I love the overlays and to be able to choose which apps and where they are placed. With the money, it's a great price I used the free version for about a month that came with my stereo, otherwise I wouldn't have known about it. Thanks for all you do to make my drive that much better
LOVE IT NUMBER 1 APP Quite simply the best there is and worth every penny. Keep making this better and you will continue to dominate Google Play
Excellent Quite simply the best car app around. Speed overlay on apps is a lovely idea and finally a night mode makes this 5 stars.
Great I love it, works well Overlay issue has been resolved but now will not shut off with power disconnect. Was working until last update Still give it 5 stars for speedy updates and a well built app.
Best Speedo app Great info, easy to access. From drving around to racing to flying, can't be beat. Google map overlays always make other airplane passengers curious.
ODB II data App is very very good but it should evolve. A suggestion If the developer could integrate ODB car data into this application it would be incredible.
Great app
Superb app. Crisp, customisable and informative. Does everything you need it to do and more.  Highly recommended.
Used it for years now... I have used this on a daily basis for years... simply the best speedometer app available 
