Really cool but it lied.  It was really fun I love the multiplayer split screen I've never seen anything like it but it lied, it doesn't have online on the pictures it shows four players playing but its really just two split screen players it would be awesome and have many many many more installs plus stars it would also be nice if u could play split screen online And add more levels I beat the story mode in an hour it was really short but the final boss was hard.
Awesome Great game, 2 player is amazing and right size for each side. The levels are fun and challenging and there's so many of them. DEFINITELY WORTH 10c Next update try improving the controls a bit so its easier on 2 player. 
So much fun I love this game And I love the multiplayer its amazing I highly recommend this game to every one
Probably the best game on my phone currently One thing  multiplayer mode that's all we're asking this game would be perfect split screen is alright but an online multiplayer would be awesome
Good but lied They said there was multiplayer but really there is only splits screen which is still cool. Im still playing this game and its fun overall, worth it if you like zombie games
Who does not love a classic game like this. Simple to play and easy to love.
Splendid Job  Controls are splendid on Mad Catz CTRL, the colorful graphics are great on TV. The game is fun, simple and entertaining. That's a very well thought little game. well worth its price. More like this please
Love it Just... Where is the multiplayer mode Do you have to beat all the levels to unlock it Please respond I really want to play multiplayer And if the Multiplayer IS 2 player mode, please make a update where your able to play world wide with servers, players around the world, and all maps Please do this Over all, THE BEST GAME EVER
Great Great shooting game love all the different bosses too fight and all the different zombies I have no idea how you come up with all that also all the gun and other stuff you get keeps it fair so good
BRILLIANT Ive been looking for a good, fun arcade game for a while now... please add character customization though, because it would be cool if the achievments gave you money, with the money you can buy new clothes and weapon skins. please add what the weapon looks like as everything is a shotgun. 55 AMAZIN GAME
Wow This is probably one of the best Android games I have played This is a FANTASTIC twinstick shooter from the makers of Jetpack Joyride. So much fun I highly recommend playing with a controller that has dual analog sticks for the best experience. 5 stars for sure, worth all of the 99 pennies I paid for it, and then some
Very fun Great shoot em up, the graphics look nice and the controls are good definitely worth the money
Sweet U guys made it the way it was......and the way it should be.....nice job. How do you play multiplayer And can you add more levels.....well exuse me I got some zombies to kill
Great but... It's a great game. There are a few bugs though. Most minor but otherwise totally fine. I wish that there was a way to switch guns andor save ammo, even if you could only save ammo in horde.
Best game Really like the game but an update to remove the heart lives thing. Other than that this game is amazing
It is cool you can play 2 playerd It is fun to play this game it is cool
HALFBRICK PLEASE READ Just a suggestion can you add local multiplayer or online multiplayer or both that's what will make this game perfect Please take this into consideration
