World going to a virtual direction... Starting of something terrific.....
Yeah It's like the whole world oohoooh,yeah it's pretty good y'all are awesome to install thiiiis,yeah
A good display of the technology, blew my mom's mind
Great job Respect
Super 3d
Note 3 Best of the best I have ever seen vr. Amazing mind blowing hats off every thing is fine  grate
Excellent There's something about the way the stereoscopic effect is set up in this simulation which makes it very engaging, even with sub optional frame rates. So much depth. IMO, the potential is there to create some truly immersive psychedelic experiences using this sandbox as a starting point. I would like to see the imagination let loose on the next one Great job
AMAZING A fantastic peaceful glide through the streets of a cartoon village. This app is one of the best for graphics and wow factor and they don't want to know the inn's and outs of your phone ether. Yep it's not interactive but you can change loads of stuff like seasons, camera views, affects, and more. Not many VR apps you download then keep on your phone. This is the one you show your friends Any body who knocks it is just ignorant or they don't understand it 
very relxn.. i m using it daily.. and very relaxn... wondrn around the cute house and flowers...
Best VR app Literally forgot I wasn't really there. Really nicely done.
Oh my Luv this .. Plllllllease make this interactive ... make it a RPG D
Very good Really really  good. Very atmospheric and the 3D is immersive.
Very Cool This is great, Hoping this is a town in a upcoming vr rpg hint hint.
Excellent demo town
Incredible A
The best vr scenery
Awesome
Incredible Simply the best, most immersive and impressive google cardboard app. Please offer a free walk mode. Strongly recommend
The best demo for cardboard I have seen so far I only wish there was a free walk mode look straight down to startstop walking or at least a way to pause the camera movement, so I can look around. Sometimes when you change settings it bugs and needs restart, but I don't care 
Ok.
Very good insight into VR potential
