Absolutely the Best I love to tweak my music for exactly the sound I want from various devices, albums, etc. This app is a gem. It's not as convenient as poweramp, but the things it can do for the music if you buy all the signal effects plugins are just amazing. Buy this I'm amazed there isn't more buzz about this player. I found it in a little post on the XDA forums. As usual, their own advertising doesn't do it justice. It would, however, be very nice if you supported CUE files.
Great App  Plugin's But Still Lacking Audio From Video Support  You Still Have To Convert  Jet Audio Is Still Lacking The Ability Of Scanning For And Playing Audio From Video And Power Amp Has That Ability.
Powerful Powerful equalizer and sound effect options, I can't live without the AM3D. However, it lacks Chromecast support. The player looks beautiful, and makes the artwork stand out. User interface seems a bit outdated and needs modernizing.
Love that it fills the screen Great sound, fantastic UI. Many options. Well done.
Player with Neutral Sound Been using it for a long time.. Still can't use folder browsing on Android M.
Very satisfied Boosts your phone's mp3 play quality.
Awesome, mate Crikey...this app is bitchin' ...not for the faint of heart....or if you've recently had a heart attack in real life or in your deepest darkest dreams...if ya know whadda mean n' aye thank thadcha due
Jet Audio Works perfect with bluetooth, can customize for any system from your phone to your car system. Best music app I've found
perfect sound.when r u comming out with more advance features.
Amazing app if you like good sound. It requires tweaking.
The best on all fronts. Tagging ID's can be enhanced, though. The Crystalizer plugin is incredible. Can't do without this app.
Please fix bug with delete file Phone and tablet are frozen when you delete file from JetAudio WTF
Best gestures and customization and great audio Great audio player love the seek gesture and customization options.I had been using Playerpro and meridian which are but limited.  Jet may not the biggest name out there.  Wish list is chromecast and make it easier to select multiple items without hitting the scroll bar.
rekomended player player terbaik kualitas audiophile. maniak suara musik wajib pakek player ini. mantab bro
i really like the player. it does everything that i want it to do.
Best player ever. Waiting for improvement. 
Best app I ever got would recommend this for those who loves they music and a lot of bass boost
