Awesome as heck It has a freaking mg42 and miniguns and even a freaking browning machine gun I love ww2 guns and if you like them then you can buy this and let your ww2 loving imagination go wild with this awesome ww2modern time gun app and its freaking free
AWESOME I really like this app. There are a couple glitches but it's still good.
Great app cool animations and overall just a great app to play around with Love it Fun
My favorite guns .. They have my favorite guns its like heaven vs hell and I would destroy hell with these guns
Can you arrange for Hogans alley style targets as well, can you add the M1.30 Caliber Carbine and the Taurus 941 .22 Win.Mag
SHOOTING BIRDS DOWN LOADED IT TO MY PHONE THEN TO MY GRANDSONS TABLET AND HE LOVES IT AND GRANDPA AND GRANDMA TOO HE JUST WANTS US TO GO OUTSIDE SO HE CAN SHOOT AT THE BIRDS LOL HE'S 2 AND HALF YEARS OLD.
I like guns. Whenever guns get publicity, good or bad, I want the gun the perpetrator had. Guns are cool. They shouldn't let crazy mofo's have them though. That's just crazy.
Loved I.think this game helpes.you too when you dont like somone make a phote of him and pot in the shot place
Its really AWESOME They have a lot of guns from all the wars that was in the world like the world war 2 or probably off of call of duty games. I like it
Cool I love this app. I have scared so many people with it. thx
The prettiest girl in the world I love it because it scares people and if you try it on your mommy you can shot it behind her or him 
Awesome There is like nothing wrong with it except they need a thing where you can put your favorite guns that would make this game perfect  Guns
good but misses some guns ...kriss vector ,hk p8, sig sauer p226, sig sauer gsr
Need vss 3 It would be awesome if this app had a Vss vintorez 
ShadowEmperor These guns are cool and I scared a lot of people with them
I love this game serve and protect most of all it's so realistic it sounds like you're there at the firing range Super duper excellent
This is really cool I love this app it has so many guns to choose from and its got realistic gun sounds and I love it
It's so cool Make more Apps like this and keep it up you could of put the RayGunMark2 in it
Its ok but needs some to shoot with sound like shot ahhh......  people. Love to kill deer just saying.          My review
