Update needed Love the game but needs more items and stuff to do,make more monsters and make more items and weapons,it gets boring once you have everything there is nothing to do,so please add more stuff,also make it where you can upgrade stuff and get more health or attack,otherwise awesome game
I love it But one small thing I feel like the night time is a little tooooo dark, and the torches are a little weird to use but other that, AMAZING game
Could use some work But it kept me pretty busy. I couldn't figure out the bow n arrow, I tried using it like the fishing pole but no avail. I liked building my place. What's the bookshelf for You could really add lots of things to this game. I would love if it was touchscreen taping to go places instead of the analog control. Some items I have no idea what to do with Bones, cloth...the lights really need to be fixed too.
Really nice It's a very nice and fun game and is very easy to control. Plenty of things to do such as build a base, explore a cave, fight off baddies at night So much to do and all is fun. Overall lots of fun.
Good game but... Has some serious lag issues when lots of stuff is on the screen or changed by the player. I'm talking a drop of 80 in frame rate. Other than that very fun and devs seem to update frequently.
Worth every penny This is a great game and I have had fun playing it. It is super fun and I have found very little bugs that effect gameplay. This is a fun twist on the classic minecraft style game and it is totally worth the money. I still want more content though because I have everything and there's nothing else to do
Stranded Survival The game is really awesome but there should be more information on how to make items and find them too.
great potential i really like it, it needs a little work, but i cant wait for future updates
Amazing Fun game the only thing that would make it perfect is if the ores were on land to
Love it At first the interaction button didn't work but now it does. it does need some work but its a great game
s4 It is slow passed the days need to be a bit long and the lighting with the gloom is excellent but it just so dark
Awesome There's no winning or losing. Just world building, basically, and staying alive. Be as basic or complex as you want
Amazing How do you get the talismanI want the Lazer staff
Very good Really enjoyable addictive game. Controls do take a bit getting used to but it's great
