Just what it says no more no less This is the perfect app because it dose its job. And only its job. It only needs permission for my led light not. Not WiFi, internet access, GPS, my personal data, and all that other crap that a flashlight app does not need to have access too. Its a light not spywhare. Thanks for the app
Helpful tool I like it. I can find my way when it is dark and even if the battery is low. I recommend it.
New led light Like having the onoff switch to control the light, like having a real flashlight The old app would just come on if accidentally presssed, drained phone battery if not noticed. 
Super Bright LED Flashlight Great for using for a light whenever you do not have access to light. Easy  very bright to use in any situation.
Love it I always make sure phone is chrgd fully bc during a storm or everyday needs, this flashlight does it right. Now, I use reg flashlights as backups to the app. TY.
...AND THERE WAS LUGHT This isnt a mere light, lades and gents, this is luminescent GOLD. This 5STAR ray of light doesnt blind the way with that stark LED  torch cutter one gets with the other apos. This magnifico sunsoft scatter of pure yellowed photons brightens your way without a single squinch and more so enhances the scene instead of detonating with too much camdle power. Thanks guys, this is a keeper
Perfect app Does what it says, no special permissions.
Works great just hope its not spying on me..
Downloaded this app and then found the one that came with phone. I like this one better and it doesn't ask for anything more than camera permissions.
Love it Light is very bright can't ask for anything better
Very amazing app Works just as you expect it to.
not bad bahut space waste karta hi or brightness b manage ny karsakte.bolte hina somting is better than notting  its like that
Works great one of the best flashlight apps on the market.
It works and thats what matters most.
Good stuff It does the job.
Great necessity Power out, fire up flashlight.
Brilliant I love it its awesome you should try
Great tool.... Always handy to have in the pocket,  ya never know when you need to shine a little light on anything
Love ir Handy.  Easy.  Always works.  Could not want more.
Great Does its job well
It works well It does exactly what it says
Best App Out There Awesome app that has helped make life easier.
Nice Usefull , like it.
It is just a good apk that gives a flash during darkness
great a littl bit slow
Amazing Its v nice
Super Bright LED Torch its a great app and very useful
Muhammed Seleman Kaku 55
Works great conveinent.
Luz Me ayuda mucho
Cool stuff Luv it
Nice and brite
Love it Best app ever easy to use
