Not too shabby. It's games like this that make the Android future so bright...and at only a dollar Even homeless people can afford this and then learn how to build a shelter.
Very fun, more can be done. The game is fun, but it can get boring. Please add more stuff, especially the ability to build more.
Good game The overall concept is a very fun addicting game. More can be done yes but as of right now it is well put together and balanced. Should definitely add new types of terrarian such as Mountains ect.. Also rain and a type of snowy area of the map.
Love it I found this game very fun and full of potential please place an option to have zombies during the day and this game will be at the top of my favorite phone games list and I'd recommend to friends
Fixed Thanks for fixing the WiFi issues it helps a lot that I can play offline when activated,and it would be awesome being Able to craft things like a sniper,or a semi auto gun,and a vehicle,would help so much,getting around the map is long,and add a city were we could experience real zombie apocalypse style,for example,you go to one end of the road,you spawn in a city,abandoned,go back to the other end to go to the forest
Best Survival Game of its type. Controls and hit detection are great. After trying a few others before this one, that was the biggest complaint I ran into. Even with my old phone, the lag is rare and tolerable. Having to activate my account in order to sleep is cruel Lol, longest 12 hours of my life. I can't wait to see more updates and development Great job.
Super fun but one thing I love this game, it feels so much like rust, but I am wondering about the sword in the trailer, I don't see a sword in the crafting interface. Anyway thanks for this game
THE BEST SURVIVOR GAME HERE This is honestly the best of the best if played I just wish I doesn't take so long to activate it though  but I'll still give 5 stars its still fun.
Great game. Awesome help Game seems fun. Very good yet simple survival Game. I had trouble with activation code not working. But support helped me right through it. Awesome thankyou
Can't wait for the full release Still a work in progress but what has been released is surprisingly well polished and lag free. If you like 7 Days To Die you'll love this clone.   edit it's hard to believe after making over one hundred thousand dollars for an alpha there has been so little progress made in a years time.....
