Annoying The computer at times takes way too long to play and its very annoying. Please fix this problem. I don't even know how to play so I know the computer shouldn't have to think to beat me.
Awesome chess game Easily the best out there. Works great on my Droid Turbo.
Very nice Your games are very professional and polished. PLEASE make a Chinese checkers game or Halma. All the ones in the Play store suck.
Best chess game. Everything you need. No need to be experienced to have fun. Clever ai with a great practice mode. Worth every penny.
For 0.99 Works good and is much better than chess titians you can review games . set it up to change side's automatically for the price you cant go wrong
Best I have found I just tested 20 or so chess apps.  Most have ads during the game  This app does not.  Very feature rich.  Plays solid on droid max.  Want to play chess...Save yourself hunting around and get this app
Better than the chess master Which I was looking for it.
Fine Works quite fine on my Nexus 6.
Best chess app A chess addict like me gets the best feed. Hats off to dev. Is this App available on IOS too
Oh Yeah Bobby Fischer would've loved this one. Great chess program. Good job.
.99 works great Totally worth the money to get rid of ads. Runs fast on Galaxy S5. Add some animations would make it even better.
Fantastic app The best chess application I've seen so far. I would like to like to see the player ELO score exported to the pgn for each game.
SMN910A 5.1.1 Works...
Chess Google Play's topranked Chess.
Love this game I play it all the time. Pretty addicting
great app its chess great app, updates well, great for beginners and all alike
Great. Plays a nice game of chess. Nice presentation and boardpieces selection too. Recommended
great game great game for an android with 3.2in screen. thank you
The best chess app Very smooth. Love it.
Excellent Please hurry up with the upgrade that provides board arrangement or setup. Thanks Job well done.
Kicks my butt Plenty capable to play against bit as much to analyze games.
Delighted with purchase Only 99p, great purchase  Looks good and plays even better Recommended.
Very nice Great app and options.  At the hardest level gave me a challenge.
Excellent game An option to let us set up our own board positions would be great.
Good way to kill time Win some lose some
BRILLIANT GAME 1010
Best This is the best chess game in the Google play store loving it
Great app Best chess app I've found.
Love it
