I like the new UI The new UI makes the app so much cleaner and so many new videos 4.65 thsnks for all the art help
its awsome....
So cool I love it now I can draw manganese eyes no cool
Anyone Reading This For anyone reading this I have to say that drawing is a hobby for me but as I get better I feel like I am changing something so don't worry if you suck on drawing just keep going on and DRAW 
AWESOMEXD I love to draw anime and this will help me improve sooooo much. It downloaded fast and it so easy to use. Thanks for an awesome app
It's amazing I love anime its a hobby for me to come up with stories and comics my drawing was awesome, but now perfection is coming my way Thank you so much
Omg When I first saw the video I was was like yeah I can draw that with 10 years of drawling lessons I cant even draw the head or nose I tried hard to draw but I just always messed up witch made me mad and made me cry but I just had a passion to made me try again but no progress I felt like I was un teachabel  so I downloaded this app and let's see if they can help me 
AWESOME Fast download, easy to use, and make me learn fast, its an AWESOME app It is
How to draw anime Cool so awsome I am learning so fast how to draw I might be the first 13 year old artist nice
Fantastic I like anime soo much super excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent..................
Arigatougozaimasu This is the best app for drawing manga Im kind of new to this otaku thing 6months but this has helped me soooooooooo much I haven't got an ad, works perfectly fine, and its HD quality So all I got to say is arigatou to the people who made this I guess humans aren't so bad after all....XD
AWESOME this app is awesome there are so many different things to learn to draw and its step by step. no lie these helped me a lotI highly recommend to any aspiring artists
Loving It I'm an anime fan , and I have tried drawing manga. This has helped me improve so much Thanks
Don't give up This app not only had me drawing anime but also kept me going so I wouldn't give up.
Loved it Its a great way to learn how to draw, you just need to know how to understand
Lovin it This app helps alot ... it isn't just anime there are alot more tutorials.
Learn to draw animaie My cousin likes animaie so it's ok I guess
Its really usefull for those who love drawing By practcing with it you can improve your drawing D  I love it 
Amazing I love this app because you can see amazing videos and  am now able to draw a realistic tiger
Look good I see the theme look good I will try because I'm not good in drawing.
Game are cool I love to play game and draw I'm happy l got this drawing app
I love drawing I want to draw better I'm good but not so good so perfect  download guys
Manga Its awesome ive always like animes. Ive wanted to draw them and they give me videos so I can learn thank 5 stars. Ive already learn how to do a manga eye and so much to learn
