Use it daily I love this app. I use it everyday. I read the lunar forecast to help set the tone for my day. I wonder though, it is a lunar forecast, is the information for various signs our sign sun or our moon sign. Being an Aries sun and a Taurus moon are two different things for me. I suppose it doesn't really matter, but it would be interesting to know the developers intent. Great app.
Cool app.  Been using it for years can we have a new sound or maybe a choice of sounds ADDED 11114 OMG u got rid of the flashlight  Blah And I like the haircut area unlike most people.  Our hair is sacred, and it carries the energy from the past. It's not about vanity...  Smdh . But I want the flashlight back. And maybe some new stuff to read add some geometry info
Great App Love this app BEAUTIFUL clean design Using it all the time. Was very excited to see beauty and hair care tips.  Was waiting for this addition for a while  So convenient to have all this info in one place,  instead of searching the Web. Thank you guys
Love this app Amazing app, have used it for years and it's still the best app I've used for tracking  I'm very happy with it and it impresses everyone I show
Thank you for updating I bought this app a couple years ago. My phone died and I had to go with a cheaper model. The full version was not compatible with my current phone until now. So happy I can use full version again
Lunatic since a child... My favorite moon app without a doubt and I had done some comparative analysis before I'd made my decision that I've NEVER regretted. A rare combination of eyecatching graphics  ample information from a variety of perspectives.
It would be awesome if current moon degree was displayed as well
Deluxe Moon App Zodiac and Moon phases.  A lot of fun.
Its beautiful simple n informative.I dont know what happened to the flash light  I really used tht thing as well
Reliable Strong app with great information.
Love it This has become an important part of my day.
Great Really love the look and info of this app
Beautiful app and great customer support.
Reminder Don't install this app to SD card if you use widgets.
AAAAS This is an awesome app and I have it on all my smartphones and tablets I use it everyday and it is terrific it does everything brilliant
Best Moon App I have always loved this app. It is one of the few I actually purchased.  I will miss the flash light, I used it instead if installing an app for it.  Thanks for the hair info, I always advised friends according to the moons state. Keep up the excellent work and thank you.
The best Never buggy and full of great information.
Deluxe Moon Easy to use. Nice to have some color.
Great app
Really deserves. ...
Flashlight button won't work with my LG L9,  but it's still the best moon thingy they eeez. I'm happier staring at this app than staring at 3 1 bills. If the issue can be fixed, I'll be even more glad.
Fantastic Visually appealing.  Friendly to use. Very useful app. One of my best app purchases. A talented programmer.
