Best app a true United fan can ask for App is great but there is a small problem, while connecting to social network through the app, it always crashes. Please fix this soon, team
Awesome Just the best app I have come across. I listen live to some of the matches from my phone. There's nothing as awesome as that. Glory Glory ManUtd
Love it Best thing ever for all the die hard united fans. Keeps us up to date with every information about the club.
The app for all things united D The one stop app for united fans The added wallpapers were just awesome D
FOR ALL DIE HARD GGMU FANS  Great app that I recommend for every die hard Manchester United fan. Latest news, updates, score lines, predictions etc. Just download it and you will never regret 
Must for a Man Utd fan It's worth the subscription guys  The live commentary feature is also good while the videos keep you in touch with the club  GGMU
Fans will definitely rate 5 out of 5 No point in asking a fan to rate his favorite club's app. Because we will always rate maximum. UNITED WE ARE.
I love Manchester United I will entreat all man utd fans to download this app, with one click  you can get access to match fixtures, breaking news and more...
Suggestion Add starting XI predictor, Player of the month voting to the app only. Need to go to browser, would b great if could do that from app only.
United is life so the app is No complain at all. If you are a real fan of United you gonna love this. We are a big family.
Awesome app for all Manchester United fans The best app for all the MUFC fans to know live match score, listen to the match coverage, know about transfer news or even the club history Previously all the content on the app used to be free but now we have to pay for watching most of the videos or entering areas of the app. Please help mufc. Hope that is changed in the coming updates A true Red Devil
Huawei P6 Nairobi It's An Amazing App ... Gives Me All I Need About My Team
Nice app Thanks for bringing such an app which will help me to know more about my team. But why should I reach a certain target before I can watch a video. Please edit this app to suit all sponsors not rich sponsors. Thank you
Excellent  but... I can't listen to live radio commentary on my Asus zenfone 2 and I cant login to using my Facebook account                      PLEASE FIX IT
Awesome It should be a free to all videos and, and not payable if you are a registered man utd member
Absolutely Nice app Everything on man utd is on this app. Plus, you get a notification alert on your phone everytime that the team scores
awesome app GGMU lt3 improved version has match highlights thats too good also it alerts u when match is going on .. 5 star for 5 star team app.
Mi Note A must have for every Manchunians... Anything related to Manchester United is always the best. Always 5
This is just great and eventful It keeps me posted... Allows me dedicqte my tym to united...even gives me d history
Awesome I like it. Just open up a few videos and press conferences for nonpremium users.
1 of d best apps I hv ever used..I wuld rather like 2 gv it 7 stars..Woww..
Good fix on the bugs. Welcome HCl. And welcome Anthony Marital. Stretford end hero  D
MAN UTD ROCKS n so do the App This is too good of an App. All the required information, latest updates and features under one roof. What else to ask for. Cheers MU We ROCK
Man utd Great app....everything on man utd can b found here... just minimise d locking of videos. Thumbs up
Awesome Nothing like being on the go with Manchester United.  Can listen in to games and be in sync with activities
