app do an excellent job the app work really well for me , it read codes and gives you real time data enough to make a diagnostic on any car i work with can not ask for more  thumps up
Very good Gives u all the error codes and gives vry nice plot for the diffrent parts performance. Helped me to analyse the fault cause accuratelly.
Wont stop Running This app will not shut down even after disconnecting my device and then selcting home and exit. It stays on in background draining my battery. Uninstalled and redownloaded app works great now.
Great app. Great app. Helped me diagnose and fix issues with my impreza wrx. Reset the check engine light. Allowed me to send output to myself. On top of all that has an attractive interface.
It works I have a mazda 6 diesel. That I service myself and this cleared the dpf light on my dash. Great stuff and many thanks
Werry good I had 1 error on a Mercedes Vaneo 2001.  Cilinder 2 missfire. On the bord i had the engine sign on. And i could delete this erros. Everithing ok now. Good app.
Awesome The only free app I could find that reports MPGs and was compatible with my 20 android phone ZTE Zinger.
Great appointment Very easy to use and straightforward unlike the free version of Torque. I highly recommend. Thanks
NICE N VERATILE APP. Totally read out my maruti suzuki alto2011. 5 to project team n developers. Regular successful scanning is done with my ASUS zenfone5Android4.4.2 on my Suzuki Alto2011  Ford Figozxi20141.4D. Extremely useful App. Even free version reveals almost all essential parametersdata of my both cars.
Flexible OBD2 reader Gave me access to a 2006 Subaru that another app wouldn't.
Great app works well A little touchy to get it connected but after that...what a dream....clear codes and diagnose with accuracy
Good app Just enough for free connect  diagnose and clear  live view of single variable. Not bloated, harsh design. Must have
Excellent app, shows loads of data, will buy the pro version soon
Works great on my 2005 mazda tribute and 2013 dodge caravan
Superb Use it almost every day as I'm a roadside technician and it has pulled me out of trouble many times, an invaluable tool to have.
Best thing since sliced bread I bough the Bluetooth OBDII reader downloaded another app and it didnt work, downloaded this one and BAM Instant car diagnostics zero complains here so far.
It works. If you are looking for codes. ..this is it. .this doesn't have all the cute gadgets, it just works.
Best Connection and Diagnotic OBDI App Good connection through each protocol, unlike other obdi apps that crash when monitoring rpm and fuel trim. Nice widgets too Excellent
