Great Great
Good GPS and nice integration with MyLink The GPS works very well, and is quick to recalculate routes. It lacks a speed traps databases, which is a important feature nowadays. The support did answer me regarding a problem i had with my subscription and solved in a timely manner.
Works well Great application for directions on the go. Love the turn by turn voice guidance It downloads a lot of data but that just makes it more snappy when searching for directions. The layout and graphic interface really is great. The great POI search really helps when I am searching for quick locations. Thanks.
Nicely done I use this application to plan trips from point to point. I use the Google navigator and this but this just works for me. I like the Turnbyturn voice directions which help. The look of the app is very nicely done
Works Great App Must need if you travel frequently.
It's a must, for anyone travelling in Brazil I'm currently using the app and loving it Definately the best GPS option on Google Play
A must have app if you travel to Brazil An excellent app for anyone traveling through Brazil, great maps, great interface, fast An great GPS Highly recommended Work very well at my city, So Paulo. Must have
Best GPS app Definitely the best GPS app for Android. It's lightweight and simple to operate I'm using and I love it
Alsome APP I'm brazilian, and in my opinion this is the best GPS APP. Fast and simple to use. Works without errors. Just perfect. I recommend to everyone. FIVE STARS D
Aplicativo Lixo Baixei essa bosta de aplicativo, alm de pagar 2 reais, eu no consigo me registrar para utilizar com mylink.  LIXO
Funciona ben com MyLink Achei muito cara a licenca
Amazing little app I found this app to be really usefull it worked like a dream . It got me where i needed to go with fantastic speed i love this app i found it really easy to use and i dnt think i have had so much fun with a app of this kind before. all in all a very cool app i would recommend this app to every one looking to find there way around brazil.
Loved it It warns me of potential radar traps. I can schedule and route my business trip before hitting the road. The real time rerouting saves time on traffic.
