All parameters It would be nice to have a layout that displays all available parameters
Excellent Have been using for a while and the app seems to be fairly accurate here Chelmsford, UK.
I like but Please fix location it give wrong area
Live weather hourl Nice work app
Great  Loads quick on my NEXUS 6
Sweet app
Was testing it and now is tested Well guys maybe there are indeed things which the application needs, but I found everything I need from your weather app. So if there are needed improvements I didn't found any. Thank you guys
Weather live Excellent wot can I say well done i love this it gives my location perfect weather up dates r good thanks just wot i was looking for my z2 looks brill with weather live.
Good Very beautiful.
Does what it should Gives me all the data I need, and want. I can customize it to how I want, I've used other top named brands which don't cut it.. good job
Michael Wong New version is just as good if not better. Clear layout, detailed information and dead accurate on the location.
Very good, Beautiful widgets Works now, but experienced some rebooting issues when first installed.
Greatest Weather App Ever This app delivers so much weather data, organized within a pleasing interface, that even a demanding meteorologist would be delighted. Now, if the app would just stop nagging me to leave favorable reviews...
All on one screen  Great This weather app is accurate and comprehensive. I would like to see options for a 5day and a 10day forecast. I highly recommend
Exactly what I was hoping for I used to have the weather wallpaper that came with Samsung Galaxy S4. S6 didn't have one. I'm so happy I found this. It has even more features than I expected
Information The features are fantastic with different times setting and custom color for times . Alarm clock system is great for night lighting and the weather system is fully equipped with radars , satellite and different displays . I have been greatly satisfied with the application .
Very accurate A must have for people who are always put and about and the weather can play a big role in how the day goes about.
Weather Live Best Weather App for the small town I live in. Other Apps couldn't even find it.
Perfect weather app Loved the free version so much I got the paid version. Lots of info, nice looking widgets. Perfect.
EXACTLY what I was looking for Tired of these emoji weather apps. Who wants emoji when you're looking for what's current Nobody's got time for that If I could give this a 5 star rating..5 doesn't come close to its awesomeness AND if you're on Android it's already automatically added for use as a widget where other apps make you do all of the work  you Still don't get what you're looking for... LOVE IT
Nice weather app. Provides more information than most and the widget does not seem to use many resources.
Perfect layout All good thanks for weather app  live moods about weather on screen and forecasts wind direction, quick flick weather  app on one screen  move on with life, cheers well done...
Great weather App Love the rainfall radar. The interface is easy to use. The background graphics are great too.
One of the best weather apps. I don't think any weather app can ever be completely accurate, though I'm used to this where I live Yorkshire, UK as we have a bit of a micro climate here. The widgets are what set this apart from others, they're clean  detailed with options for whatever you prefer. Animations are pretty too, would love it if we had animations on the widgets too.
Detailed weather Awesome app it's got everything you need plus more, it looks cool and seems to be accurate.
