The app is very handy and I like the fact that it has daily reminders for the plans. Also I can look back and  see my activities and any notes I made during a sermon or texts that were highlighted. I love it.
I use it to follow along in our service, for study group and throughout the day to search for scripture. Can't think of a way to make it better.
Bible Queen This HAS TO BE the best bible app in the world. Ive used the top four. This one beats them all. Get this app. Get all your friends to get this app. Even the nonbible using cool guys will LOVE THIS APP.
If you confess with your mouth Jesus Christ as Lord, believe in your hearth that God raised Him from the dead,you will be savedNASB.For everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved.HCSB                               AMEN A I have always loved this Bible every since the first day I got it. I had it for years and I have download it on everything that I have and  recommend it to all people        Thank you For such a wonderful Bible.
The most user friendly bible app. Access to almost every version of the Bible free, and many great reading plans and tutorials as well as study forums and discussion groups Gods word has never been so easy to access and share
Great app Sometimes have slow loading issues,  but love all the flexibility and translation options.  Saving notes and highlighting passages.
Excellent Bible study tool This is one of the best apps out there for getting stuck into the Word, hands down
Must have This is a must have app for all christians. The Bible at your fingertips anywhere any time. The underlinehighlight feature is a huge bonus. Plus you can play audio and listen to the bible read to you while driving or at rest.
THE WORD OF LIFE I get to enjoy an inspirational scripture with my family daily through this app.  Uplifting,  motivational and helps deive us to sucess . Our life has never been the same again. Thanks guys for the great work your doing
Going great Had a breakdown in my car asked god finally to help me and woah he did. Our sins are what kill us slowly without god. So get him in your life 
New update love The functionality is so very much improved Simple and perfect, it's by far the best Bible app out there. Hundreds of reading plans and versions. All my favorite translations in one place even Espaol
Most comprehensive Bible app  If you're looking for the best Bible app, this is it. I'm not gonna spoil the features but trust me, it has more than you expect. God bless the devs  KJV for life  search for the errors in the NIV, ESV, NKJV, etc perversions
Such a wonderful App to have I've downloaded this app once again and like I said before it's the best app I've came across since I got a phone.  Will never delete ever again 
Awesome Easy to access, easy to navigate, easy to view. Just one problem,, it's become very difficult to find a verse by searching manually
You Version Bible App Works well for reading and studying the Bible. It has audio as well as written in most versions. I have had other Bible apps, but always come back to this one.
GOD'S Holy word at your fingertips I find this app to be wonderful. It has many different translations of the Bible as well as different reading plans. It will even read many of the translations out loud. You can download a transaction and read it off line. I also use this app to read the Bible to me before going to sleep every night.
The most amazing book Very good bible app. I have not seen one that is better than this one. I recomend to you, the you version Bible app.
Pastor appreciation. As a pastor, I this is the most single helpful app. I love the devotions you get with it. I really enjoy the fact that you can switch between versions very easily and smoothly.
Great Easy interface and it helps to connect with gods word. Thousands of plans to choose from which is really nice and cool features such as creating verse images. I would recommend
Best out there Best Bible app I've used.   Would be a cool feature if you could find others around you through the social part of the app and it could suggest people based on recent verses that have been highlighted.  Would help bring Christians together who may be going through the same difficulties or blessings.
Love it I love having the different versions available even when offline. I also like the option to have it read aloud. And hey ya gotta love the ability to easily paste scripture on the photos to post on Facebook. Just a great app overall
Wonderful This app is the best thing on my phone.  To have the entire bible in my pocket is an excellent resource and a blessing.  I am using the one year reading plan so that I can achieve my goal of reading every scripture. God is  good 
I am enjoying the Bible app Having the Bible app on my phone has changed my life for the better I am changing the way I think and feel by utilizing this app in my every day life. The plans are a great tool Have had no issues with crashing or other issues mentioned in earlier posts. Have been using the app for about 2 years. I looked at other apps but the Bible app is by far the best.
This bible app is Awesome           It's life into your sprit  WISDOM TO YOUR MIND Be blessed enjoy the time you spend with the Lord Meditate on his word day and night, and THIS WORLD  Antichrist , want have no authority over your life , choose to serve God, and you will be in perfect peace Amen
Stable and handy Have been using this apps for many years.  There is so much improvement done to it.  The apps is stable, useful, and the added features are excellent. I can create my favourite  bible verse card in jpeg format so easily now.  Many thanks to the team of staff working on this.  Simply love it
I love to read this everyday Water for my thirsty soul 
Hands Down Best Fantastic resource to stay in touch w God's word. Simply the best  it keeps getting better. I can't imagine what my smartphone would be without it Dumb, I guess. Glory to God
