Best of the lot A great engaging story, amazing hidden object scenes,terrific puzzles.. Everything we need in a good hidden object game
Good game I really liked this game alot I didnt have any problems with it. The story line was good the graphics were good I have no complaints at all
Interesting storyline Story kept me interested, puzzles were challenging, I really enjoyed this one and am sad I've finished it  Bonus game play does provide extra important info on who brought the evil into town originally which I thought was a juicy bit of extra back story
Immersing and fun Definitely one of the better mystery games that I've played.  Puzzles were fun and difficulty was just right.  Some hidden object scenes require interactions between objects, which made them very satisfying to solve.  Very good value for the price, especially considering there's an additional prequel story chapter that you can play.  The story was nicely developed and intriguing.  Highly recommended
Motorola xoom Very very good game. Good story. Not too tough, not too easy. No glitches and the bonus chapter was a nice addition.
Best one ever This is by far the best Hidden Object I've played Story line was superb with wonderful ending. The balance of puzzles and finding the hidden objects I thought was just right. Graffics were good. Only thing would have been a better map. Thanks for a very enjoyable game
Tremendous HOS adventure I love HOS adventures,  and this is a great example of the best of them. One spoiler, however. It was really very difficult to see some of the objects in the HOS. I blame the small screen on my phone,  so it really isn't the fault of the game, hence the fivestar review. But it is something to consider before buying this game.
Excellent I really enjoyed playing this game. Beautiful graphics and great story line.  Puzzles not too hard but clever.  I want more like it
Gripping and very enjoyable This is the 2nd Alawar game that I have played and I look forward to playing more. There were no bugs and everything ran smoothly. The story and puzzles kept me coming back for more  must get to the next stage  I enjoyed this very much. I ran this game on my Samsung tab 3 7.0.
Wonderful game Not too easy and not too hard.  Beautiful graphics and good storyline.  Had a great time playing this game.  Definitely worth the money for the paid version
Excellent Game Collection Edition full Beautiful and clear graphics. Good storyline with a twist. Lots of puzzles. Those are fun and not difficult to solve. You have a zoom function for the hideandseekpuzzles. After purchase you'll get  a maingame  and all the Collection Edition extras  like a bonus game, concept art, sound tracks and videoclips of the game. I have finished the whole game without any bugs or problems on my  GOOGLENEXUS 10 tablet. This game is well worth the money.
Great Fun The story good, love the puzzles and love the graphics. Best fun I've had in a long while. Thanks
It so amazing , the graphics are so good and i can't stop playing it in my phone i love it so much thats why i giving it 5 star . Luvitlt3
Another cracker from alawar Read other reviews about annoying pop up ads but decided to take the chance anyway because I usually love these games. I bought it straight away instead of using free trial first and I don't know if that's why but I didn't experience a single ad, just a great game. Totally worth the price it has a good plot and lovely scenes. Bonus chapter really is like getting a second game free. Excellent game
Thank goodness  A great game Neat puzzles That you actually enjoy  Graphics awesome  5 stars
Amazingly entertaining. I played the casual, easier path,and it was such fun
Dark Strokes Great game, hours of fun, thanks for the hint button, rarely used. Reviewed by a 70 year old adventure game fanatic who uses it to keep his tiny brain active.
Favourite One of THE best games of its kind. Good story, good length, good price, good all round really and one of my favourites
