This was a very cool and helpful audio tour of the Road to Hana Can't recommend highly enough. Be sure to listen on the way back as well  he gives a history of Hawaii.  Some extra tips  Download ahead of time  Might be worth it to pack a swimsuit  Pack bugspray Some of the cavesetc. have a TON of mosquitos.  He says it'll be 3 hours to Hana, but we found it was closer to 5 and didn't even go to the end of the tour
Must buy It was amazing, my only problem with it was that it didn't cover the other side of the mountain but they clearly say it doesn't the other side of the mountain was beautiful and well worth going by and I wish it was still narrated however this did not take away from the app and I would definitely buy from again
Exactly what we were hoping for This app is on point with all the cues you need to visit just about every interesting spot along the way.
Road to Hana What a great app to use on your travel's. Very informative and helpful. We enjoyed the return trip from Hana on the history of the Hawaiian islands.
Fantastic So glad our hotel receptionist mentioned this as we were about to leave the hotel. Very accurate, lots of information, but also gives a sense of security and feels just like you're travelling with a local. Just wish there was one for Kauai
Definitely worth it Just used this app and it was great. The guide was fun and helpful. It really helped us make the most of our time on the road to Hana.
must have Loved this app. It gave great advice on where to go and what was coming up, the GPS was on point, and it was very entertaining.
love it Its just like having a guide in your car. It tells you where to stap, what to see and a nice history about Maui. As there are no signs along the road to hana its a must have. Also cheaper than the regular audio guides available at gas stations. The content app is top notch, the app doesnt run in the background so take a charger for your phone 
Enjoyed the drive Easy way to navigate through road to Hana without taking an actual tour.
Must have Indispensable for a 1day road to Hana drive.  Interesting and engaging commentary, both ways.  Invaluable in helping to choose where to stop or not, and make the most of your time.
A must buy for the Road to Hana Felt like a personal guided tour
Best five bucks spent on the trip The tips for the driving and stopping or not stopping is priceless The history was a nice bonus It made the trip very very  interesting, and much more fun
Great app This made the trip to Hana and beyond so memorable We loved the down to earth relaxed guide. It also helped to make the long car trip much more bearable Highly recommended. Thank you
Awesome app I would recommend this app to anyone doing the trip. Bring a car charger with you and you won't be disappointed. I have even done the road to Hana before and was really impressed and educated by this app. Definitely with thr money. Best few bucks I spent on this trip. Totally worth it. Thanks for making this  Great product.
Best app for traveling with passengers who 'can't' read a guidebook.  We would have missed a lot of sights if i hadn't purchased this. Thx
Amazing app This app made our road to hana tripI memorable. Not only would it point out the best stuff it also gave us a good insight into the history. Best 5 bucks spent. Leave all the guides behind and take this app with you. You will not regret.
Way better than the c.d. Bought this app thinking it would not work well, boy was I wrong.  We had both a c.d. we bought at the store  going and the app as well.  We quickly shut off the c.d. and just used this app.  Awesome how accurate it is and how it updates you based on g.p.s.
A nice companion My family really enjoyed our ride to Hana with this app. It was my 3rd. trip to Hana over the last 18 years and I learned so much of the history and sites. I did not loose my signal but for a couple of short minutes and the app kicked  right back in. The drive home was an awesome history lesson of Maui.
Great Can't go wrong with this app. Made a beautiful drive even better.
Best 5 we spent on vacation Made the entire drive more enjoyable, more relaxing, and more informative. Can't recommend highly enough... So glad we found this app before we headed out.
If you don't buy this.. You are dumb This is the best money you can spend in Hawaii.  I can't imagine a better investment.
Unreal We named him Greg and loved everything he told us. Made the trip so much better. Thanks for the great app.
Fantastic app This app took a lot of the stress out of driving the Hana Highway, which is beautiful, but choked with either slowpokes or crazy locals. This app probably saved our marriage
Fantastic App I would have paid 20 bucks for this app. If you are driving yourself on the road to Hana and you don't have this app, you are robbing yourself.  An absolute must have.
Grateful i got this Totally worth getting this. It really helped us make the most of the drive on the road to hana. I liked ovwerall history of history that it gave on rhe drive back as well.
Made our tour to hana much more informative. Some things were out of date but otherwise great
Couldn't have asked for better Just as everyone said, this app was the best 5 we spent. So informative, and full of history. The one thing I would have liked would be if it would run in the background, you have to reopen it of you use your camera or another app, but it restarts quickly. My suggestions would be to put it on a phone you won't be taking pictures with and be sure to have a car charger. Again, couldn't have asked for better, a must buy
Great app Worth it Made our drive easier. No maps or books to look at. Great job on this helpful app. It also gives you a history of Maui which was nice.
best app for guide to hana this app was amazing it gives you heads up on approaching sites and also the history of the area. it worked the entire time without a single glitch. i can't imagine a better app out there for this trip.  wish there were commentary on the back side home from Hana.
Awesome It was a lot of fun having this guide in our car.   I felt guilty we didn't feed him.   Great commentary.  Please fix the audio cutoff which often happens in the last sentence.  I am now going to buy the Haleakala tour for tomorrow.
