Awesome Comic The best thing bout this app, that it doesn't make you bore and keep you entertaining for a long time, and it also keeps away the unwanted technicality and the triviality, So you can read peacefully about this mind boggling Anthony Edward Tony Stark. A selfdescribed genius, billionaire, playboy, industrialist and philanthropist with an electro mechanical suit of armor of his own invention.
nicee haha..took me almost 30 minutes to finish it all...btw...the one at monaco is...when u open the briefcase just tap the armor as fast as u can ... 
Awesome It was great, only thing is that there's no use for it any more after it's finished. But so good I couldn't rate 4 stars.
30 minutes of your time...for what Sure, it's a cool interactive comic that ties the 2 Iron Man movies into The Avengers movie, but to what end Oh, to build you up and then leave you hanging... This is definitely for the fanboy, but it is NOT a game. Toshiba Thrive
Perfect App for Marvel Fans This is the first review I'm writing for an app because it is so worth downloading. It's free, interactive, doesn't crash, and centered around the Iron Man comics. What more can you ask for This app is great and hope to more like it for Marvel and DC characters in the future. 5 stars all the way.
Iron work Nice diverting hour or so but would love to actually SEE mk.VII at end after all the work to get the tokens
It is related to Iron man every thing about  iron man adventure.Tony stark Is very coolGo go Iron man awesome
BEST U made my day thx and alao dont listen ti the ones that are sayng f you k thx
It is the most likely played action game and I advise everyone to plz install and play it is guaranteed that you will also love it.
Pretty great little comic. I know it was just an ad building up to The Avengers movie as if that movie needed any advertising, but this is a fun little ride. I hope there's more of these in the future.  FWIW I'm still 1 token short because I can't find the one in the 9th page the one in Monaco where Tony suits up in the Mark V. I've spent literally an hour just on that page trying everything possible to find that blasted token. Any suggestions
What is with you people Its not a game people it's an interactive comic. If you're a fan you will download. For a comic lover its a great download.
Not an ad. Just saw the movie. It is a piece of his new armour that has nothing to do with that pseudoscience bracelet.
The app is great i love it. Now can you guys expand on this. This is the only non kiddie book i saw, it would be nice to see what you do. Now that I think about it it would nice to see you do the avengers intiave phase I and II. You'll get more fans some of us like free a lot as we are short on money. Please please It would be awesome to see some of the battle secens from thor, avengers, etc.
Hahah The first thing to be uploaded on my tablet. The whole thing wants me to make an ironmanthemed device.
Bdog The game was asweome but they could of let you custumize the iron man when you had all the reward tokens and could of added more levels
Awesome One of the best downloads I've ever gotten Hope to see more interactive comics like this soon Iron Man is the most awesome Marvel hero ever 
Awesome Greatest digital comic Please make one for the aavengers It could be more in depth and detail so that you could span it out longer. But still great
Awesome Comic We have to find avenger's symbol 17 times in 17 different slides 1in each
good but Can anyone tell me where can I get all the security tokens please
Super Super Ironman,its wonderful,my brother loves it.thanks to loud crow interactive inc.
Awesome But can someone please tell me how to get the token from the page 11 were stark is fighting rodey in the mark II
