Lik this app. so far,no problem  all.
I like this video chat allot and So far I have not had any major issues with this app. Sometimes there are a few times it freeze frames but has always worked it's way out. I enjoy the games and that you can share your pictures to who ever your chatting with from your own gallery. Also you can even change the way your screen looks. Looking forward to chatting with my whole family
Tango helps my daughter  me to have daily communications through videochat. Also helps me to have conversations with my 19 month old granddaughter. They live in Pennsylvania  i live in California. I can't rate this app high enough. Thank you
Gr8 app When u need to c 4 yourself how things r going tango is the way 2 go. Everyone should try it.
Love Tango I absolutely love the Tango app so much better than Skype. Tango is very dependable and I love being able to see my husband when I'm talking to him. Thank You Tango
Great it. It's a must have app if you have family abroad and you want to stay in touch with. Free calls, what's more can you ask Plus it can make calls even your network is not that good.
highly recommended thanks for the developer of this app, helpful and stressfree.. it is good for the whole family, specially to those who is far away from their family.. my daughter and my husband really do enjoy it.. it has some games that they can play while they are talking.. and it really makes my husband so happy that he could play with our daughter.. thank u so much.. more games to play with...
No perfect but great app to stay in touch Love being able to see my family back home and around the country. Always refreshing. It's a little awkward when receiving calls buy it's isn't bad at all. It's just because it's such a small notification and you've got to open your notification menu from the top to answer. Still great.
The best within America Great connection and minor lag. It's free and easy to use. It's free and you can use it whenever you want. It's FREE and worth every penny. It's FREE and for the price it's the best.
Brilliant This is the most wickedly awesome app I have  on my phone because it keeps me connected to my family and friends. This is absolutely wicked especially because I'm not entirely tech savvy, but I'm able to do what I need to at the push of a button.
Excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent
Love it I'm on a Samsung galaxy I must say this app is number 1 for me. Beats Skype and all other apps out there. Its quick and easy to use has the best picture for my phone and really makes the HD screen  show a great picture. This is my top app
