New problem I love this app and was 5 stars and highly recommended but lately I can't see a ships position after searching for a name. Is this just a bug or an update issue
Excellent Love to find all the ships and check on the winds.  Would be nice if the NOAA buoy's showed up.
Changed my phone to solve storage problem. All the features of pc version even though fleet notifications are not synched across all platforms.  Wonderful app though.
Excellent App, fit for purpose I have yet to come across a better one. i have no vested interest in Marine Traffic or Shipping  it has never been a part of my working life , I don't even own a boat,  and yet I find the information absolutely fascinating, esp. as I myself hail from the great port of Liverpool
Good Since they send me an AIS receiver, Port Temryuk is covered at least 
Marine Traffic Now I know exactly when my ferry will arrive at any time on my drive to the port  even when held up by traffic on the M25.
Great Awesome Anything Great game I love looking at vessels pass my house every day.
Great App Would be nice to have it in more real time ,overall a great app for any mariner by far
I'm lucky enough to have a broad view of the Pacific south of Los Angeles and constantly see ships go by  now I know who they are, hour far away, where the come from and where they are going   love this app  thanks
Review update 102015 The app works smoothly without any problems at all.
Ship watching at its best It was fun watching our cruise ship make its way down the coast. Also learning what other ships were near us.
Great app for shipping enthusiasts One of the best apps I have used, great that it has ship information and photos too
Very convenient and helpful Helpful for people like me who would like to be updated of their loved ones. Thanks
Awesome It now works well on my android. Super accurate and helps my business
Love it Identify all the ships waiting in St Helens anchorage.
Awesome app for all ages From my wife's elderly clients to my 3 year old son, they LOVE being able to identify the ships seeking safe harbor in the Strait of Juan de Fuca, seeing where they have been, and follow their favorite vessels on their journey to destinations all over the globe.
Great app Use it for work all the time very accurate good to know where  when ships are about to pull up to wharf.
Almost good Sometimes, my fleet is out of range.
Great App for Mariners I love this app simply because I'm a vessel captain and can locate a variety of vessel when I need their location. It keeps me in contact with our fleet of vessels when they are needed.
Informative I like it for alerting me to the Sandsnipe dredger ops in the river camel by Padstow. Mainly because it's great for fishing. The dredger kills loads of sandeels and if you fish where and when the dredger operates there's good bass to be had.
Loved it Its well developed app only one thing is required sat connection
Useful ship spotting tool It shows me which ships are in my local vicinity and, allows me check on visitors to a distant port I have connections with.
Greatest Fantastic app.no problems.
Excellent I work as marine security and this app is excellent for seeing where the vessels are in the river out of the piers. The app updates every couple of minutes and quite accurate.
