You know you rule Almost all types of format can be played by mx player, it rarely betrayed add the left other file format too...
Gud... For ac3 audio problem...download neon.1.7.32.zip file from internet...nd copy to the phone memory ....u will njoy any hd video with audio
Excellent I've had this app for about a year now and it has never ever let me down, it plays everything with absolutely no problems and it's also very easy to use. I totally recommend it to anyone looking for a good video player 
Ac3 not supported For those who have problem in ac3 codec... You can search on google for codec ac3 sound.. There is a codec on xda about this. ..  It works for me.. You can also try
Working Properly. At the first time AC3 audio could not be supported on my Galaxy J7 and Galaxy S6 Edge. And after I install the application and download the zip file. And after then my J7 and Edge supported the AC3 audio files. So thanks to the developer  J2 Interactive .
mx player pro w neon AMRv7 Plays almost flawlessly with lgl39c. Good job developers.  And, Thank You.
better than other. If you are installing it than doing the right thing..... Just not only awesome but also useful
Very good i use my default video player to play full hd video with many lah. with mx there is nolag anymore.yeah
Love it Thank u somuch for Sarat Chandra.His review helped me to get AC3 audio format working.Love mx player a lot .It is so easy for use.Just love it in every aspects of an app.
 Really no any problem in this app, it's amazing and really really first application in it's kind in all of the worldwide. Goodluck MX Player team...
Favorite app Love that I don't need to go into file manager to share videos or music
Good Not too storage not to ram it perfectly fits the screen and plays any vedio file
Fully Entertainment At first download mx player n then download custom codec and install it and enjoy all format's hd videos
Most used apps Its is the most used apps i have ever seen.maximum of my friends and people every where.
Good Last update always give me acc audio no suported thx
Really good app. It does what it says and really clears up your videos
Not work with anroide 4.4.1 Samsung ...mx player pro.
good how can i use volume booster to boost up to 200. i could do it with the older version but not this one. pls help
Excellent L've had this app for abount 3 years now and it has never let me down ,it play every thing with absolutely no problem and it's also very easy to use .I totally recommend it to any one looking for good video player 
