Love this app So much easier to look at my phone then down at my guages...i have my phone mounted in my lower drivers side window people always looking and confused
Very good Very good application
Works well enough. It's accurate and that's what counts. However, it generally heats my phone up more than even Sygic, and has tendencies to lag a lot after about 30 minutes to an hour of use until it is closed, cache cleared, and reopened.
Accurate app Found it accurate with my car's speedometer. Very easy to use  good display.
Simple, Nice app Regardless of what you drive, the speedometer is rarely accurate. I use this app whenever I get into a different car or on a motorcycle.  Motorcycles are notorious for having slow speedometers.
Great app This is an excellent app it is very accurate who ever says it's not is on glue or they don't know how to use this app lol anyways ya awesome app
I love to travel so I will use this so Mich with importance in my ADL. Thanks to you Mark angel...I know or one of my answered prayer Angel...
No problems I've used this app for at least two years on two separate phones and have found it very accurate. I've checked it against several different vehicles and even confirmed an inaccurate speedometer in a company vehicle.
Great Tells me the speed I'm driving
I love it. But I'm wondering if there is a way to look at the speed graph up close.
It's awesome Salute for the programmer who coded this app
Best app out there I'm obviously not beeing paid to say this but this app is actually the best app of it's kind in my opinion, I LOVE it. No faults so far other than the clear button should been relocated to a more convenient place as it's used alot.
Awesome application Works perfect.. Thumbs up guy's 
Great This app is simply amazing. Great. Works exactly like it should 100 of the time. Does exactly what you expect it to do. I'm not even going to try a different app because this one takes the cake.
Speed hunter run by yunanstar89 Download 10
Excellent Also works well for sailing
Best speedometer app on google play
