Up and running...great game Great game. New update and working fine Keep up the good work
So awesome
Best game in the galaxy Without having played the board game, I give this 55 stars Very easy to learn tutorial that only takes 2min controls are intuitive. Lots of match customization for varied experiences and multiplayer options for single up to 4 game purchase. Great onthego game with friends i.e. long line ups, ferry rides
Excellent Loads of fun. Easily one of the best games available. The only game I know of where watching your ship fall apart is actually kind of cool. The developer is responsive to resolving issues. Highly recommended
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite digital board games. Its well designed, easy to learn, and fun.
A truly enhanced board game port Cute campaign writing, online challenges, and useful automation. This port improves on an already great original
Fantastic game I love galaxy trucker board game. So I was concerned about how this would feel digitally. I am blown away by how well this plays.
Varied and Fun Quite addictive game of exploring the galaxy via competitive routes where you build and fly a space truck. Great to pick up fit long it short periods of play  save at any point.
Easy 5 stars This game is a clearcut 5 stars. From the excellent tutorial to the top notch campaign more that keeps you coming back for more this is easily worth the price and entry.
Great game Lots of fun, plenty of replay value, witty and clever campaign mode. LG G3
Fun game Wanted to buy it from Amazon, but the version over there is kindle only.
Entertaining story with fun gameplay. It is a puzzle game requiring to put ship parts together for little travels from one planet to another. You compete for ship parts with other players.  A little more nervewrecking than I want for a time passing game but, the other elements of the game make up for that. The campaign is fun and entertaining.
So addictive I saw a review of the board game and knew I would love this game Definitely worth the purchase price. 
All elements of the board game plus some extra. Amazing.
Amazing fun A great port of the board game to a video game. It really captures the sheer joy of watching your creation get torn apart in front of your eyes, and I appreciate the solo version for when I can't get the board game version on my table.
Great board game conversion. The gold standard for board game to app, as far as I have seen.
Excellent I only bought this game yesterday and I am addicted. Visually exciting, thematic, and an amazing tutorial. Cannot wait to play the boardgame version.
More than a brilliant adaptation If they had just ported the boardgame to the app it would have been brilliant but this is even more than that. Really fun game.
Addictive Fantastic app of a great board game
Worth every penny The store alown is worth the buy, and you can play other people. The AI is can be easy at time and then turn around and dominant.
Good game, very fun. Adds several interesting twists to the board game.
Great version of the game Fast, fun and enjoyable
Nice game I knkw the boardgame. This app is really nice. I just wish the extensions would be available, too
Great app This app goes beyond a faithful conversion of a great board game and adds enough features to please even the most grizzled trucker.
Galaxy Trucker Super fun
Very good I've yet to try multi player, but still very good.
Perfect Best board game to app conversion of all time and for much time to come. Just get it.
Good board game adaptation
Awesome. Only way it could be better is if the expansion comes out for it.
Amazing Very addictive, well thought out game
Great app just like the board game. Awesome Love it
It's the bomb.
