Nice I never got around to playing this game on PC. The game looks gorgeous on my 1080p screen and the game controls well. As long as I don't run into any bugs, I think I will have a grand time. Hoping for more ports.
A solid rerelease For those of you who played this game on Dos or Saturn or PS back in '96 this is an excellent purchase. The oldschool pc control scheme translates very nicely to the touch screen and With nice remastered graphics, you can't go wrong. It's the classic tomb raider experience all over again. These reviews complaining about the control scheme must have never played the original tomb raider franchise.
Great to have this on android  Controls took a little getting used to but after the first level I have adapted. Very nicely remastered. Looking forward to TR2. Thank you Square Enix for yet another great mobile game.
Disable your antivirus software before you purchace I had issues with my install and my android always scanned my downloads before opening. So i disabled the antivirus scan and tried again with success.
Graphics are not as good as they appear in the photos above  they've clearly been touched up. I'm playing on a Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 on high settings and things are aliased and pixely in the extreme, just like the original PSX version. Nevertheless this is a great port of a great game and well worth the 0.10 I spent on it.
Its Tomb Raider, I have been waiting for so long, I hopes its not going be the last PS conversation,  UPDATE, I don't know why people are saying that the controls needed to be sorted out they are perfect for a touchscreen display I have had no problems at all in fact I don't know how you could get them better
Read please So the game has no texture and no display it shows the opening scene in the desert and publishers etc but after that its a black screen.please please respond
Great I love this game except when I see med kits which I rarely do they seemed to show up more in the ps1 edition they are just black boxes I'm have to play graphics on low to see the screen plz fix otherwise great game
Super Huge TR fan im so excited to play this since i grew up with the original on ps1. i have followed lara's adventures ever since the begining its exactly like the original and i hope all of the original TR games from ps1 and 2 are released for the mobile devices i will surely get them all 
Like it It is really good I feel a lot of people are giving it a bad review because of the controls but you get use to them and if you stick with it then its no prob and very fun One suggestion I have is make it optional to use your left thumb to move the screen other than that great remake and for an even better price
Fantastic game. Just like the original, takes me back to my Sega Saturn days. For the people saying it crashes, won't run or is too hard to control. Get a better phone or tablet ,practice  your skills and enjoy. Using a 70 10 inch Chinese Q102 tablet with an A31 Processor 1 Gig Ram and SGX544MP GPU.  Smooth as glass
Awesome Yes I think this is a great version of the game..... People complain about the controls but they work fine for me, idk how they could be made better for mobile.... I recommend 
Only Three Small Caveats Let me first of by saying this is pretty much exactly the same game as the PS1 version. The controls are exactly the same and the sound track is still the same.. The three caveats are that 1 You can't transfer the game to your sd card which it's only 320 MB 2 There isn't an option to play with updated modern controls 3 When using the moga pro power controller you can't bind the triggers at all, which is a problem of moga, not square enix.    Over all very very good game.
Nostalgia on a 4.7 inch screen Remember this back in '97 on my old PS1 or just PlayStation back then, and was thrilled by it. Now I'm playing it in all its former glory on my HTC One, huh...how times and tech change eh Just as good now as it was back then. Just one thing guys, will future updates support MOGA controllers at all
Awesome Finished this in 8 days. took awhile to get used to controls. Love it when Lara jumps off a cliff and does a swan dive  Can't wait for the other TR games
I love it My childhood game one of the best when I was in elementary. Game is in full HD and plays very smooth with no loading. I see very bad rating on this but it explains why, you guys gotta upgrade to a newer phone we in 2015, the first iPhone and Galaxy you guys own won't support this games.
