Works great I use this a ton on all my cars and have had no problems. It might not be a factory reader but it's close enough for the home tech. All the PIDS I need to get the job done.
Excellent value for money I had first installed Torque Lite, then came across this with a lot of good reviews. I paid and tested it. Has all the features like Torque, and far, far, far more visually appealing.
Works great Konnwei KW902 synced perfectly.  Shows much more data than my hand held OBD reader does.  Highly recommend
Excellent
Amazing Great app.
Fixed that afternoon. Update wiped all of my custom dash, nice work....
Touch scan Obd II bluetooth interface. Work on cut away school buses. Fast and loads of information.
Works well on Android Brilliantly simple to capture real meaningful results...I found none better.  Saved time money.
like it
Excellent product.  Use it daily as my digital dashboard. Bluetooth provides a wicked fast and reliable connection.  TouchScan support is topnotch, responsive, and committed to finding solutions. Highly recommend
Nice Nice and useful. But please add hatchback as a car type.
Love it one of the best app yet
Brilliant bit of kit Used to fault find my polo and within minutes found the problems
Alway have your personal OBDII scan tool Using TouchScan and my Bluetooth dongle, I can always be ready to sleuth out a pesky MIL
Lots of testing with different ELMs Works great
Gives me all the information about my BMW that I would have to pay hundreds for a mechanic to do.
Saved me s already
Awesome app. Does what it says and then some.  Pleased costumer.
Awesome Works great
Diesel Truck
Awesome app Very useful if you wanna clear codes or just wanna find out info about your car
Works great on my cheap OBD II Bluetooth device with my Tab S. Superb graphics and great realtime logging straight to Dropbox. 5 Star App. The best.
Should be more than 5 stars Great app guys simple to use and connected to every car ive tried well worth the money ive tried other apps but nothing comes close to this
Excellent product for the price works well with My HTC One m8 using elm 327 Interface
Great app I use this all the time. I have torque too but this one has the full screen graphing for multiple inputs and real time. Essential for diagnostics. App paid for it self the first time I hooked it up. I wished I knew how to record with it though...
