Really loved it Divices connects easily, before zapya I used share it. it encounters connecting problem sometimes but in case of zapya it is good
Hi m Baloch here Very nice app I want to ask one thing that when we are paired with other device then how can I shop around things from paired device other data other than apps means it shows only apps of that device and says that ask to shop more things but no option how can ask or take pl gaid me with great thanks
Hi Dipak Achale Here.. It's a superb app. I loved it and recommends everyone to download it.. Really It's superb superb superb app.
Very good sharing app Actually all my friends have upgraded to zapya and its the best. Zapya rocks 
Great smooth easy to use quick Fantastic app.works flawlessly
I like it zapya xender apps low maturity zapya is high performance good  pc software I like it zapya xender apps low maturity zapya is high performance good  pc software  sending a lot of thanks zapya team dewmobile.inc
Awesome and loved it. Thanks for resolve my problem now I can send and receive files between Android one devices great thanks for this.
Awesome phele main bhot pershan raheta tha koi mujhe kuch BT ke zarye kuch deta nae tha BT se bhot tyme pass hota tha main sucied kerne ka soch ra tha tabhi mujhe ek dost ne zapya intro kervaya tabhi se meri life change ho gai mai bhot kush rahene laga koi bhi file kitni bhi badi cotki me transfer hone lagi thank you so much zapya dada.
Really superrrrrrrr My name is awais buttar It is much helpful for me....I gave it 5star and I request all of u use this app.
best sharing app if transfering is failed due to low space,the transferring is paused and after clearing the space we can resume the transfer. this option is only available in zapya and thanks for the new update
Amazing appp Helps me a lot instead trasfering it through bluetooth it takes hours. Thanks developer team
Good for my phone But we can't send messages when connected to pc plz make it for pc.u can add function for sending messages from pc to pc, dew mobiles I will send u my email, Jyst tell me were to send it because I forgot it
I like zapya but But when I open zapya my mobile he restarted please solve my problem I uze zapya author Motorola mobile but this time I uze zapya motrola droid RAZR m
Really Awesome  It hase made sharing too much easy em gonna tell ever friend 
Mobile to Pc connect Fail to search pc connection after  updating the zapya android app latest version on mobile. Used to work preupdate
I love this app It's sooo easy way to transfer your all data in few minuts
I dont like the new update U r adding junks to this app
Really the best sharing app No other such app found till now ..It transfers apps in just seconds. Fastly connects with others . Easy to shop around in others phone.
Dear developers please create a new app which can share files between Android and windows
Usefull softwere Get this app....use full for sending files,create WiFi hotspot etc.....
I12 I am loving it. It's faster than other apps
loved it all my friends installed so i also did ZAPYA rocks
          ...     
Awesome app Transfering is very fast  plus u can coonect multiple devices at once
