Thank you so mutch Shazam I wanted some music but can not find your application was made possible thanks. Music called Body Head Bangerz  Can not Be Touched
One of my favorite apps. I love this app. Gone are the days of Googling lyrics and guessing what the song is. Now I just pull out my phone and this app gets all available information to me within seconds. I love that my Shazams are now sent to a Spotify playlist as well. What a perfect pair
Searching for music Best app If a song is on the radio, then just let this app run and it tells you nearly always the song.
Love I'm always asking who sings that What is the name of this song My favorite app by far
Omg Omg, it found the song i was searching 4 like crazy Whoaaaa Best song searching app
Sometimes I don't know the title of the song and thanks Shazam I get the music Looking good
Better than ever This app was able to identify a song playing at a dance some distance away. Previously it needed to be crisp, clear and close to identify the songs. I am impressed.
Cnt identify songs Ever since I updated it it will not identify any songs even ones played from the same phone shazam is istalled
The best app ever Love this app ... The best ...I don't know what would I do without it...Wow excellent app... Amazing... I drive every day and hear a song and never worry that I will miss what is it and not be able to add to my playlist.. I shazam it and know what I want to download later...
This is awesome I just love this app any songs I want to know who sings it it tells it all just love it. it's a must to have. I've always wanted something like this new songs come out on the radio and don't know who sings it but this app tells me all the songs I cannot be without it. Thank You to whoever created this
good app for the people complaining about startup time and missing the song just tick tag on startup in settings and the app will identify your music while loading, cheers.
Love this app How did I ever live without it 
Life saver For those times that I can't remember an oldie but a goodie thankyou Shazam
Awesome Thank You makers of Shazam  Highly helpful 
