Helpful for students If stuck on a math question. I find it handy to show me know where I am going wrong and will show me how to do it correctly
Astonishing This app is good for homework and for showing you how to solve problems. It isn't just a calculator that throws you the answer. This is an app that really calculates the problem and then shows you the step by step process in doing so. This gives me a better idea for solving a math equation since it shows me how to do the problem. I recommend this app if you are having trouble with a particular subject for students andor for a job.
Works great for me It comprises a great overview when you search for companies. It can show a whole lot about countries and cities. It gives all possible solutions when searching an equation. It even plots graphs. It's pretty awesome for a single app to do all this. I use an xperia m4 aqua with android 5.0 and have encountered no bugs so far. It's an insane access to useful information in few seconds. I loved it.
Wolfram Alpha knows The Answers Even the answer of Life, Universe and the rest and gives correct and fitful answers even when your questions are incomplete andor unclear. Amazing power of AI, actually amazing combination of human knowledge and AI.
Best few dollars I ever spent It helps me with almost all my subjects
Probably passing college just because of wolframalpha I wish I was kidding but without this app I'd have failed out already.
Amazing application for students So far, it has solved all of my problems It is a really great app and definitely worth the price. I haven't noticed any minor bugs, overally I have to recommend it
Great I like the app. Please can we have a material makeover
A must have for Engineers Help A LOT with my Calculus and many many other classes. Been using this for years One of the very first app I bought when I switched to Android from iOS. Please allow copy and pasting inside the app though, I can't seem to do it.
Awesome application A must have for anyone using math to real world applications
