Love it Real good to listen to ebooks He's also awesome to listen to news or have the Web read out. Also an excellent voice for some of those personal assistants out there. This voice sounds so natural and almost like a real person when it reads and I have it read out Notifications on my phone as well. I love Stuart, this is the only tts voice I will ever use now 
Makes my phone sound human Awesome
Highlander ExcellentThe most natural synthisis of subtle syntax the lilting melody  of the misty mountain.Replaces the bot default voice that at times hindered my attention with the hpnotic drone of of unatural tone coupled with the mesmerizing hum of the road to gps is gone.I pay much more attention.Absolutely love it.And it was fun being silly with the demo play adjusting pich and tone  sentence structure.I cant wait to use on books Well done 
The stock voice is cold and grating, and most alternatives aren't much better. This guy, though, is naturalsounding, pitched perfectly for navigation use and even kind of sexy. It's more fun than the bland Midwestern American accents you typically find, too.
Works perfectly now After contacting CereProc about an issue I was having with the app and its compatibility with Google Maps after a Maps update it is working perfectly with my device now.  CereProc not only provided me with a step by step solution but also replied almost immediately. Great customer service
Works perfect Voice is clear and natural. Reminds me of home while I'm in Australia.
Great Anything to get rid of an American telling me what to do...
My personal favorite thus far It's not difficult to plainly see why some companies like CereProc, are one of the best in the field of synthesized speech, to find such authentic high quality tts and friendly customer service
LOVE Scott Voice It's worked really well to my PDF to my Google maps to EZ PDF Reader
Excellent Very realistic.
Quite natural with minor hiccups I'm well versed with texttospeech products and this particular Scottish voice from Cereproc is quite fluid without the artificial sounds and stutters you get with others. While Stuart may not be as expressive as others long lines are a bit monotonous, his voice works well with its Edinburgh accent makes sense since Cereproc is based there. Well done Cereproc, keep up the excellent speech engines
Very good app This app is very good I have got very bad speech problem and this help me out very lot and i alway use it if I don't have my iPad on me
Excellent That's what I needed and been looking for However there should be a way to listen before purchasing I'm just saying
Best voice by far
Best Male Cereproc Voice Sounds more natural sounding than the others, BUT with a very cool Scottish accent Love it Great job on Stuart, Cereproc
I think I'm in love ... I just love hearing him talk  My husband is a bit worried 
As good as it gets Amazingly good... Better than ivona. Incredibly realistic voice
MLM pleasant Not bad. I use the Moon Reader Pro software. The only reader I use for text to read. Google  software as well plays cercpro voices to advantage.
