PERFECTION I never experienced the first sonic game but this port is great and get it. I like the addition of playing as tails and knuckles. Let this be your first sonic game. Tip To unlock knuckles, beat the game with all the chaos emeralds. It has everything, HD graphics, 169 image, new characters, and unbelievable performance. Revalutionary 
Brilliant Brilliant game Just like I remember, still better than the crud they release nowadays.  Only problem, runs a bit slow on my Nexus 10... Please have a look.  Thanks, and get me Sonic 2 already...
Good game, spin charge toggle is nice I think this was done well and it's cool you can play as Tails and Knuckles if you want to. Be aware that the spin charge toggle is in the options menu if you want to play it like it is in the original. Thanks
Awesome Is realy fun and it is touchingdo it over and over again. It is fun to play as Tails or Knuckles becaus you can find new wais of pasing the level. I realy love it and I hili recomended to Sonic fans and beginers. Keep the good work SEGA
Childhood..That is all My favorite video game of all time just got better Being able to play the other characters is pretty refreshing,  so good.
I love it love it. Love it I love this game. sure it has a tinty bit slippery controls but its sonic 1 portable. Plus 2 more things I love you can do the spin dash in sonic 1 wow and tails and knuckles omg love it.  But one thing I don't like the spring yard boss make it esayier it to hard to hit robotnik in air and in the original I had no problem reaching please fix but all that aside omg its so fun
5 stars for a brilliant game. If i may pitch an idea for the staff's next sonic release to be like this but new levels  mixed with classic levels like sonic and knuckles mushroom hill zone. lt3
Sonic keeps the kids entertained Hi I am dads kid I am nine I think it isa bit babyish but my bro 7 loves it I think the avrage age is 38 there is a bit of violence but you only turn things into bunny rabbits and penguins soooo adors love them so the verdict is onne of the best games I have ever played
I really love sonic games Oh come on sega Release sonic 3  knuckles You will make happy lots if people if you do it 
GREAT GAME I never tried the original, but still love this remake Spin dash is added, Game Over doesn't make you restart the game, and the controls are awesome Going to try Sonic 4...
Great job Very well done. Game runs smoothly and looks the part. At first I thought the controls would be a problem but after playing for 5 minutes I got to grips with them. The inclusion of time  trials and Tails and Knuckles being playable characters is awesome. Overall this game is well worth 10p. I'd happily pay full price if not more. Now onto Sonic 2 And hopefully Sonic 3 soon...
Well worth 10p Runs very smooth. Only down side is the touch controls are never gonna be as good as a megadrive pad
To the company Will be nice if you bring back the beavis and butthead game from the  sega genesis,think about it you will make a lot of money from it.
Best revision I've ever seen Please do this for all your classics sega. Sonic 1 never looked this good. Perfection. I would have paid 10 bucks for this.
Awesome I wish you could start the game as tails or knuckles before beating it, and if they added super sonic that would have been even more perfect
Awesome Remaster This remaster has proper widescreen and HD resolution which makes the game look fantastic. Very good deal for only 3. Sadly, you have to unlock Tails and Knuckles by beating the game once, but that's a nitpick.
Addicted to time trials Only criticism is my friend has the Apple version and that has high score boards, can they be put on the android version too
Tidy and beautiful This game cost me 3 and plays just as perfectly as the original  the controls on the touch screen feel fluid after playing two acts and the graphics and music bring a wave of nostalgia. The controller support is excellent as it works with almost anything that can be paired to your device and the response time for button presses is perfect. there are no glitches, no lag, no bugs and there is no reason not to buy this game. 1010 Would spin dash again
