Jungle adventures A fun,cool wonderful, amazing game you should download It now because if you dont your missing the fun . 
Amazing Love this game A very fun platformer with great graphics and music Great I definitely recommend to anybody who needs to kill time. 
 I loved loved loved this game first off all it was irritating but it was irritating but it is awesome game 
I just love this game plz make 2nd part of it. Is game ko khelne k baad koi game khelne ka man nhi karta. It should more levels
Jungle Adventures love this game wish all platformer games were like this one,smooth game play, love it plus no problems at all with this game,hope there will be more levels added tnks for this great game
Best game ever.....totally got me hooked from the very first time....need more stages thou
Very nice I completed all levels... If you guys can add more levels please do....
Omg I love this game a lot.... I am addicted to this game and runs smoothly in my phone without any hang....
Ssamiya Hi i love this game sooooooooooooo much more than one year ago by the way to get the most important thing is that it is nice sooooooooooooo much
Addicted to this game Best game ever  love it
Add some more levels please... Awesome game,but add some more levels.
Awsumm I lov ds game n i enjyd a lot super fun
Jungle Adventures I love this game. very fun game. I wish everyone download it. sundenly sometimes when the jungle boy breaks a egg he gets hover board, a magic man,a potion.i really like the hover board.
Fun Game Controls are easy.  It's a fun game.  Great time waster.
Its kinda like mario bros... Really enjoy playn this game...
Remembered my child hood days Thanks a lotttttt nice game
Awesome Addictive This game is similar to the Islander game I used to play on my old mitachi video game player. I am on 5th level on day 2 and still feel like playing it on..
My daughter loves this game.....she is addicted to it
I love the game If you are not blocked by a firewall
I enjoy it I play more games but this I hadn't like this
Good one Hope you guys will create more rounds
Superb Kya Mast Game Hai  Rendered Ideas Prod. Good Job 
Nice game But not insufficient living powers
