Does what it says I use a firewall to test whether they try to access your camera, they don't. App works great, no crashes or weird configurations. Don't need to root which is nice. I do wish it had an unlock feature on the Android lock screen. Sometimes I miss taking a pic crazy stuff at events and need to quickly unlock.
Works well but room for improvement It needs to be more customisable and have the ability to manually block or unblock every apps use. Integration into microphone block for premium users would make for an overall easier experience. I don't like notifications cluttering up notification bar so I have both mic and cam widgets on homescreen. A combined widget would be perfect
EXCELLENT SGHT399                                When activated, no apps can access the camera  including some utilities I have installed that usually see everything. Nice work
Great ap. Camera block
Love it. Boss
Very nice
Perfect App Does just what it says it does. Superb.
Thank you Thank you
Great App could use a better. I commend you for having the courage, to put out this app. Yet I would make it free for anyone that I'm agreement with non nonviolent acts. I still can't deny  permission to the big cheez. Or I'm am doing it wrong. But thanks.
This app is great Often when an app tries to take pics without my knowing I will see a brief security policy restricts use message on the screen. This is what I'm looking for and really wish there were other apps that showed when an app was using permissions
Stopped battery drain from mmqcameradaemon Installing this terrific application prevents more than 40 apps from randomly accessing my camera triggering the dreaded Android OS bug, mmqcameradaemon. Until the folks at Google remedy the bug, I highly recommend you install this app. A simple click disables the block enabling the camera. I LOVE it
A must have Since using this and the microphone blocker it tells me everytime someone or an app tries to use either, its bad how many times a day apps are trying to record you
It does what it says. Enough said
This is a great app
Amazing
Awesome Sauce
 
Does what it's ment to  STOPS  GOOGLE AND OTHERS SPYING ON ONE OR STEALING FROM ONE UP YOURS GOOGLE OWNERS YOU HAVE BEEN BUSTED 
Hahaha finally Best most secure antispyware app on the market. No more will I worry about my spouse or exgirlfriend putting spy apps on my phone to see what I'm up to. Blockedcha bh haha.  I never do anything anyway but security is nice lol.
No Spying The Gods EyE virus cant use My Fone  Nor can Eagle EyE not even th NSA I HOPE.
I got the DeVasive app, to tell me WHEN the camera is on. THIS APP BLOCKS THE CAMERA Sam Note3 but its always having issues
Worth it Does exactly what the program say with simple design...runs without any glitch. Must have...
Awesomeness A necessity for my control of my Note 4.
Does what it's supposed to WITHOUT Asking for any special permissions. It's astounding how many privacy aps want access to private info and cammicetc. This is a simple, clean, and effective ap. 5 Enthusiastic stars
Excelente aplicao Cumpre o que promete.
Great Love the app,  but it disabled  the flashlight .  Any Fix
A must for the security concious
