Thanks for the fix Hands down my favorite app Every fish gets an upload so its easy to keep up with all my catch's.
Just got it Just downloaded but so far looks to be a decent compilation of data in my local area of big fish and specific fished locations.
Just wish it worked properly like it use 2..now I can't even click on the pics 2 c the full image
Thoroughly enjoy this app You get to interaction with local anglers and trade tips and directions. 5 stars
If you like to fish it's the one  onely app to it.
Awesome app Helps find ppl and fishing holes you wouldn't normally know about.
Dope app It like Facebook for fisherman
Sweet Al good love it
Love it Great
Fish brain Take pictures of your fish post them share information if you want with others tips locations or just post your fat daddy and brag its all good
Awesome way to see whats going on In your favorite fishing spots when you can't be out there. I have to figure out how to add some ponds that aren't labeled on the map.
A fishermen's best friend If your looking to find fish just to pass time or professional angular this is the app for you.
Need to make this available Need to make a setting where you can scan a Barcode when you buy  new tackle so it makes it easier to add it to your tackle box on the app
Interesting app. Fishing is normally very tight lipped, it's good to see people are starting to share information
Great app This is a great app for finding waters near you, the only downside is that there are enough people that use the app to have only one or two reports for a popular fishing location, which may cause you to look over an otherwise awesome location. This app is not a replacement for your local bait shop although it can give you waters to ask the locals about. Overall super good app for fishing locations.
Awesome app Awesome. I love it. Awesome to see the fish activity and other people's catch
Good to see locals catching bread and butter species in my home state.
Lekker app. Love it. Briliant idea that works. Just add more bait brands.
Perfect Certainly the best go to when the fishing report is vauge
Tormenta1965 Storm 1965 A lot of great  information
