Amazing Goes perfect with J. A. R. V. I. S. I started a Iron man J. A. R. V. I. S.  project and this is by far the best British voice to go with it
I fell in love with you Omg excellent voice quality, I can't believe how it sounds so natural. Gorgeous .
WOW Absolutely the most natural sounding TTS voices.  I was using SVOX prior, but they cut incut out. I have US Adam, UK William  UK Caitlin. Gotta have Caitlin now that Jarvis has been replaced by Friday. No skips, I am completely happy, except that it pronounces punctuation as what it is. For example,  periods are pronounced as dot.
The best There still are some clippings and space skipping, and William can's pronounce than. He says dan. Please keep improving. Specially, space skipping should be easier to fix.
One of the best voices Unlike many of the synthesized voices out there that drop into a computer sounding rift from time to time, this voice is always clear, succinct, and spot on. I use this one regularly. It has nice inflection, adequate pauses, and really feels good to listen to. This should be the default standard that comes with all Android devices.
I am a avid listener Chronic reader,  I  would rather listen than watch TV. Ceraproc voices cannot be beaten for the price. Very lifelike, the smooth tones and rhythm are easy to listen to. Unlike MANY other tts  voices that grate on the ear and sound like a  robot for 10 times the price.  I have 3 of the voices, but this is my fave I do love a brit  accent.  I am busy so when in the story instead of putting down the reader, I turn on the tts and go.
Great voice synthesizer Really clear and accurate sounding.
Good quality voice Vire high quality voice great job thanks.
Very good Clearer than ivona and less robotic than Google.
Easy to understand, great for my digital assistant app Perfect Jarvis voice for Android Integrates nicely with my Cyman assistant. Appreciate the update keep up the good work guys 
Great Cyman voice. Once I figured out how to figure how to install the voice to the phone, everything worked fine.
PERFECT Really luv it
Big improvement Google should really buy them out because it really does take over existing built in text to speech. Wonderfully clear and enjoyable. Might give a few other voices a try. Goodle, here is where you should take your notes from 
Excellent voice, very easy to listen to This is one of the best TTS voices I've heard and believe me, I've tried a lot of them, the speech is extremely clear and actually quite soothing to listen to. I fell asleep the other night listening to an eBook. 
