No words, just epic What a game I love it The scenarios are perfect not too big and not too small And this game changed the concept of sniper shooting. Please make the people, when they hit cars, make them hit the cars and fly off with blood Thanks in regard
Sniper assassin Stop complaining... If you don't want to pay real money..don't. But don't complain about having to grind and grind the wanted missions to get enough money for better guns... It's a free game... Enjoy it
Above Average Good game but could use a bit of graphics upgrade. Also I don't know why this game is getting bad reviews. I think it's a great game and deserves better reviews.
Won't load I play this game every day and today it won't load.I have turned off my phone and restarted it,went to the play store to reopen it and it just won't start. Please solve this.No problems with any other games.Thanks
Good game but developers are money hungry. You can't earn enough coins to buy weapons but you can buy them....1800 coins for 50... wow
Awesome I'm 33 thirty three Exmilitary and this is fun. No PTSD worries like battlefield...graphics ARE realistic bloodprojectile path wise. Great yet simple game. I just wish I started with a B50 instead of a Russian pos...
Really great sniper game. I would have rated it 5 stars, but as you progress to higher levels the game response seems to become sluggish.  I don't care for the aim recalibration in the higher levels.
Love it I normally don't write games unless I absolutely love them this one is without a doubt one of the best snipers I played. I love that you can see the Enter and exit wound after assassinating your target
Great app Great app . Great graphics. Lots of fun..very addictive in a good way
Addictive shooter game May need to spend cash for advanced weapons to improve game enjoyment but for now finding it really addictive without extra spend.
Grusome and Intriguing Really having fun with this simulation. When playing it on my Samsung 7 tablet play is very slow and some images are upside down.
Classic game with cool music and realistic graphics, one of the finest games on android in my humble opinion, and I've played hundreds Best android game 20142015. Update This game has got even better since I was playing it last year,absolutely brilliant, its a real labour of love,Highly recommended
Better than GRAND THEFT AUTO.That is why   I gave it five stars.T and T and whoever is reading this please give this game 5 stars and stop rating GRAND THEFT AUTO and stop wasting your time on GRAND THEFT AUTO.
