Wicked app This app does what it says.  It is quite accurate measuring speed and elevation.  It plots your day on the map with relative precision.  Uses little battery life keeping phone warm and a VERY small amount of bandwidth.  Definitely worth it              shred the gnar
GREAT  for hiking also
Fun app that pushes you Fun app that pushes you to do better and try new runs. I wish they had a waterski version for the summer 
Great support. You should add a better way to se how much time you spent in the lifts. Just fun information. And good if you wanna compare to other resorts. Maybe a fully editable trackpage there you can add the boxes you like.
Love this app Tried other track apps and don't work nearly as well. I like that it works in airplane mode
PERFECT I love this app. It is very accurate, even in remote areas, gives you the information you need and is great on battery I use it a lot for hiking as well and would love if you guys released a hike tracks right now I use the snow shoe activity.
Simple I just wanted to track my mileage, altitude, and speed. I don't care about sharing to fb or comparing w my friends. I tried a couple other apps, but ski tracks was the best by far. Simple interface, no dumb advertisements, never had any battery problem, accurate tracking wo data. Now I want one for biking
Worth it, one flaw This is the only app I've ever paid for in the Play Store. I just wish it was easier to turn off when you are finished.  Currently the only way to quit is Force Stop.
Fantastic What a wonderfully intelligent app It knows where the chairs are, what number they are and where the runs are. And of course, where you are and where you've been. Total stats of you day are saved and it's all completely intuitive Kudos to the developer for creating a top app
Makes Skiing Even More Fun Love this app.  Works great.
Superb Relive your day on the snow. Could do with a spruceup, but functionally great.
Best tracker Still want a trace tracker
Totally awesome Love that it doesn't need cell service to work
Brilliant
Ski tracks
Super
Love it, brilliant app and proves I can still beat my son down the slope
Perfect Perfect. Amazing app. The only I might like to see would the app recognizing the trail. Otherwise, do yourself a favor and get this app. Worth the money.
Cool app with lots of features. It's Max Speed accurate Would be fun too compared it to a radar gun. No red lights please
Just perfect
Great app The only thing that appears to be off is some of the elevation as compared to numbers on contour maps usually by 75 to 100 feet. Other than that it's very cool and we'll worth the 99 cents. Minimal battery drain, cool map feature, ...Thanks guys
Skiing toy This is a great app for any skier. It keeps track of everything, I love the mapping overlay of the Mt. and you runs. Just a great way to keep track of ski days and share with friends. Don't forget to stop and save before you get in the car or you top speed may be a little high.
Absolutely worth the money This is probably the coolest app I have on my phone. I wish I had this technology 10 years ago. You can record a session, say before lunch, make notes in the weather, snow condition, how you felt, what skis you were riding, etc.     The accuracy, on my phone at least 2014 moto x, is awesome. I'm talking like you can see each turn you take on your way down hill. Seriously, every turncarvesick slashwhatever you take is recorded. 1110 would recommend.
Great app and useful when still a beginner Used this last week and loved it Worked really well. Particularly like to be able to replay each run and see how neatly i was skiing down the fall line New phone tomo and hoping i have exported the files ok so that i dont lose them..be devastated if i do   ski tracks  successfully imported into new phone but lost one day  day 3  can this be retrieved I wonder
Very high quality app I love the many ways it records and presents data.  Very good app. I've used it for skiing twice and have been very pressed with how accurate it is.  Could probably be used for any sport from skiing to mountain biking to horse back riding
