Crazy fast Have a high score around 1500, it gets crazy fast but very fun and addictive. I've unlocked all the weapons, would love more soon.
very very fast I wish their was a moving button so I can move around the world but other wize live it 
Great time waster. Not pay to win all there is are cosmetics. Never crashed on my piece of junk phone. Don't bother if you want something with story or substantiality.
Addictive Love this game, it's very addictive, so much fun with testing the reflexes, need more weapon variety, Gatlin  gun or, ki blasts. Maybe even  grenades.
I can't feel my face. So good it is school.
Wonderful game Very addictive I love this game However I think it should be more interactive though... Multi player should have a chat feature. And bring more weapons please. Thanks guys 
Help How do I stop the game from automatically signing me into my Google account Every time I open the game, it signs me into Google and I then have to manually sign out,  how do I stop it from automatically signing me in
GUN FU I love this game Hey, and can add ninja stars in the new update
GOOD GAME But make a 3 with different different people and more gun background different ya all that stuff
Love this game The Halloween special was awesome  Turkey stick men for Thanksgiving  Evil elves for Christmas
Great Game I got this game based on the ratings. Did not play the first version. However I will say that this is one of the funnest games that I have played on my phone. It is so addictive. Keep up the great work.
I have vertigo I'm an elderly gentleman and this game helps me to keep my head focused other than that it's just a great game to play its fun it's a good game that helps thank you for making it up wonderful time take care bye
Love it Never found a game to play several times a day until I played this game
Deez nutz it's awesome  it's a cool game but add some more guns 
Its fun and u can go on amazing records It cool I finally got three wepons mastered
COOL Its really fun I'll give a five star and one more think its FAST
This game is awesome. AND MOST OF MY FRIENDS PLAY IT
Gets extremely fast which is exciting But the semiauto gun confuses as the heads still stay
