Accurate, Fun,  Easy Easy, fun, accurate, and useful.
Cool Great weather app one of the best good work well done and thanks.
Thank you The city wallpaper is mesmerizing. Oh got to get back to work
Best weather and live wallpaper Love this app, best ever Definitely purchase it, you won't be disappointed.
Fun I love this weather app. I like how you can scroll ahead and watch the coming weather change on the screen. Very accurate where I live. Plus my daughter and I like making up stories about the different scenes and people. She says Add decorations in the town ans stores for each holiday in the town scene. Interesting idea...
Excellent Very informative and very good fun. Good update history
Entertainment with weather Galaxy Note 3 on TMobile with Lollipop.  Fun and interesting weather application.  My prior weather application did not update unless I had the GPS turned on but this application has no such requirement.  Great
Great work on the New town scene Like the new town scene. Excellent work on the Halloween pumpkin also.
Amazing This is the best weather app no question about it, God this keeps getting better with every update you guys are awesome
The best Been looking for a decent weather app for year's Found this the search is over
Want to sit and watch it Really fun to watch the weather . accurate and up to date. Would love to see the radar too.
Yo weather Nice app kick's butt
They keep on making better. Loving the new background, how can it get any better. I don't know, but they do. Just a suggestion for the next update, I can see one of the airport buildings in the background. So why not have some planes coming into land.
Great app Cool
Brilliant Works perfectly, I love it. Nexus 5 marshmallow
Very good weather app Accurate and good looking.Thanks
This is so awesome. Thank you
Love it. Weather in picture form.  Nice distraction from the other boring weather apps.
This Is Beautiful. Lovely App. And so true in my Suburb And City.
Love it Used with Windows for years. Finally found a better app for Android
This is the best weather app on the market Very accurate.
Love this app
The Best App Be using it for years love it
Good app
Great
Great Looks lovely
No comment or problem
My App Review This app is absolutely fantastic which displays the actual weather from your town.
Simply the best weather app I've ever come across. Totally recommend. Since latest update Love the new city beta background  still prefer the airport because the windsock is a good visual for windspeed.
Absolutely phenomenal job  Amazing town background but needed people on the bus  plzzz
Please more scenes Please could you add more scenes.I keep waiting for people to walk around, or surprises like hot air balloons or cars, but I've only ever seen cows and horses.overall it's ok, but needs much more.
