Love It My friend told me about this app it's amazing If anybody says less they haters 
Always up to date with the latest Always has the latest drop info, great consolidation of links on key release dates. Scoring on Js online is hit or miss, but I can confidently say several of my hits were because of timely info coming from J23app. Beautiful encyclopedia layout of historical shoes and up and coming releases.
Best App IMO This cool app keeps you in the know with release dates, restocks, and links to grab your favorite jordan performance and retro jordans Best app for sneakerheads
Top app J23 is the only app i trust for accuratecy on releases J23 always has the most information nd this app is by far the best
Good app Great app for keeping up with hot releases. Missed out on a lot of kicks before I got this app. This app definitely keeps me informed on drop dates
Great App for sneakerheads J23 keeps you up to date on upcoming Jordan releases. Love the high quality pictures and phone notifications.
Pretty happy I though it was for all drops just for jays but as soon as there's news about a drop it's up there an u know u can star an fav what drops are comeing out an it will remind u. For them
Great Upkeep Notifies with time n get to see all releases as they come by
My Favorite Sneaker App Keeps me updated and informed on the latest releasesrestocks.
Nice app let you know all the dates and show you the shoes it was worth  to pay for 
Unexpectedly awesome Coming from someone who grew up on NikeTalk, Slam magazine, etc, I've known how to find early sneaker info since the start of the Internet. Honestly, this app simplifies release dates and is worth the small price for the restock push notifications alone. 5 star. Thank you J23app
J's on my feet The best jordan app now it alerts on android
Must Have App Great app for any sneakerhead. Totally worth it
I use this App every time a new pair of Jordan's are releasing Excellent
5 stars Great app in my opinion. I like they have a add to cart option from online stores.
Useful app This is a useful app Was able to get restocked legend blue xi's thanks to the push notifications. Love it so far
Have had it since day one apple and Samsung.  23 is doing a great job.
Must at have for sneakerheads Restock alerts, upcoming releases amazing
Fresh New Kickz This app is everything I need in a Jordan release date app PLUS more,  with features that provide links that take you directly where you kan by the shoes plus more. I definietly had to buy this joint right here. Great job developers, keep eating
Everything I expected If your a Jays fanatic this is a must have app, it alerts you when the sneaker is restock. Can't beat it for the price
Best Jordan app out there Great app no complaints. Love the early links.
Love the app Favourite part is when it tells me when sites get restocks, really helps getting  for retail
Must need for sneaker heads Tells you when every shoe drops, and also gives you updates if a shoe has been delayed
For Jordan lovers Been rocking this app for a minute now...always has the freshest Js and I legit come to this app to see what's popping next ..all love from this guy...keep up the good work
Love it Been were ING Jordan since day one
Takes a while on notification but other then that awesome app
The best.....always gives info about new releases.
Ima sneakerhead I love this app it keeps me updated
Great app for J's I see people commenting that the the app is missing more sneaker releases, but it's called J23 for a reason. This app is great Especially, if you're into Retro J's like me
J23 app rating Love this app it  gives me the most current and accurate information on Retro Jordans.
Sneaker Heads Rejoice This is a great app. J23.shoes still available. Hit me up
