Great I love Fenix. I've used a lot of Twitter clients Seesmic, Tweetdeck, Falcon Pro 2, and more. I wanted more out of Falcon Pro 2 my last app but the 3.0 market release lacked features that were even in 2. Fenix was a great replacement. It does everything I want, and it does them with class, style and speed. Would love to see support for polls.
Best Twitter Alternative I've been using UberSocial for the past 3 years, but I got tired of the outdated interface and sluggish performance. Fenix gives me a beautiful interface and snappy performance, but also has the power user features that I need, like timeline refresh and Instagram support. Also, they add new features extremely quickly, like the new quote format and video support.
Very impressed Can't understand why would anyone install the Twitter app instead of this. Great app Sorry Plume, you guys took way to long to fix issues.
Used to work fine now TL is broke For some reason after the last update I'm not getting all the tweets on my TL. All tweets from certain people I follow are not appearing on my TL. Fix this quick
Good My favorite twitter client, only issue is I wish they added the updates that Twitter provides. Like highlights, and moments
Only app I've found that has up to date Quote system Tweetcaster is half way there, Sharing functions Echofon has none, stability Plume you are a mess, and a widget. Wish there was a free demo version so I would have saved myself some time and effort trying twitter apps.  Upon further use I now wish there were a desktop version. Twitter without Fenix is garbage
Definitely the best Twitter app,  and I've tried  MANY over the years. It has all the features I want but still maintains a super easy and pleasant interface.
Never turning back Used Fenix since the beta on XDA, bought it straight away when the full version came out. One of the best looking clients there, and works almost perfectly. Would be nice to get support for polls though it just looks like people asking random questions to me
Worth it By far the best twitter app I've used.
55 top notch This is the only third party Twitter app that I've used, but it is easily better than the official one. The sheer polish and ease of use makes up for the price. This is a musthave app for any Twitter user.
Activity tab Best Twitter app for Android. Period.
Love it Sorry for the late update on the stars. It's back to 5 again, all Marshmallow issues fixed.
Best twitter client on Android Real time streaming, mute, multiple accounts, multiple image uploads, flawless position handling etc. All handled brilliantly.
