Bloody awesome Great game for its time and so many good memories playing it long ago  only problem is the controls are a bit small as someone stated in an earlier review. Other than that great game
Carmageddon Absolutely brilliant fun,  I played the original back in 97 and it was groundbreaking then,  free roaming driving, killing peds, and wreaking havoc on the other cars or just race.. It's up to you.
No flaws. Analog control rocks with a few seconds of tinkering.ltfyi Not getting this game would be like hitting thyself in the nuts with a cargo ship.
Install Now What are you waiting for Download it already  Classic Carmageddon is a MUST HAVE for any serious retro gamer. In fact, I've been sure to install this game on every PC I've ever owned since it first came out. Congratulations and thanks to the development team  for this timeless creation and the endless hours of fun, both in the past and into future. So ..... when can we expect to see it updated to multiplayer P
Just pure mindless fun What can I say It's Carmageddon One of the most fun if controversial games ever made And the best of all It's a pretty good port from the PC
Great game, on a tablet, is where it's at. Tried it on my Galaxy S5 and the controls don't work very well as the left and right controls are small so you have to one finger them. On this 10 tablet it's fantastic.
Sidewalk slaughter Now they just need it in real life. Highly populated places
Great fun This game is so fun  I never played it back in the day so I don't quite have nostalgia egging me on either.  Fun gameplay with dynamic car deformation, lots of levels, lots of cars, and that defies a trend in early car games of good gameplay but low track and car variety.  And at 99 cents  Definitely get this game
Carmageddon ROCKS This is the funniest, craziest game i've ever played in my life. It just CRACKS ME RIGHT UP.
Awesome Brings back my childhood murderous memories A little problem though I can't open the link to buy the car pack. The app crashes.
Absolutely awesome Took me back to the days of bunking off school to play it ALL day. One of the best games ever
Fck the hell yesssssss In your face political correctness Up yours social justice warriors The 90's is BACK Sweet, beautiful gory VIOLENCE Played 3 racetracks, no technical issues so far. Controls are ok, maybe a bit sluggish but ok.
This game plays perfectly Carmageddon is the perfect Android port. I am fully satisfied with the 1 purchase. Great control, smooth gameplay, great graphics, what's really not to love for 1. I highly suggest you pick this up or at least play the demo.
Crashes my phone fix pls. Awesome job i used to play this when i was a kid other then draining my battery and heating my phone a little this is a great game.
Classic Never thought I'd be able to play this again. Love the new mobile version with its polished graphics. Sick
Love it Fantastically crazy I love the game, I love car racing and running anyone and everyone in my way The only thing that I sometimes have trouble with are the controls but it's doable.
Awesome throwback I really love how this game doesn't try to be anything its not. This is a ps1 game on your android, simple as that. I haven't had any problems with it thus far and I really look forward to playing more
Amazing it works great on big phones it's awesome because there three ways to win kill all pedestrians or complete a race within the time limit or destroy all cars, so of you like smashing destroying things or if you just like simply racing with a little twist it's a good game for you.
One of the best Faithfully recreated version of one of the best games ever made. I own carmageddon reincarnated alpha on steam as well as the original games.  It doesn't get any better than this folks. Download it now and enjoy what other games wish they could be.
Fantastic Just like the good old days. Graphics haven't really improved, but the playability is great. Race or win by destroying your opponents.
To kill for Kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill
Exactly as good as it used to be It would be good to be able to resize the controls. After you finish it would be good to be able to downgrade the car to make it easier to kill all the peds without wasting all the cars too quickly.Overall fantastic game as it always has been. Don the dumpster is stikl bloody hard to damage 
Superb IMMERSIVE MODE IMMERSIVE MODE IMMERSIVE MODE IMMERSIVE MODE IMMERSIVE  MODE IMMERSIVE MODE IMMERSIVE MODE IMMERSIVE MODE IMMERSIVE MODE IMMERSIVE MODE Got the message yet I'm sorry, but this long after KitKat release there is no excuse for ANY developer not to have immersive mode enabled... it's just plain lazy
