Adore it As a professional portrait artist i find this app invaluable for quick sketches. I would HATE to live without it now I've gotten so reliant on it
The best hands down I too have nearly ALL of the painting apps of this kind. All of them pretty good... But if you want simplicity, realism, and ease of use look no further. The oils are incredible I don't understand why this app doesn't have more downloads.
Artrage is awesome Artrage is an excellent art app. In addition, the developers are incredibly quick to respond to any suggestions and concerns. I will definitely look forward to using Artrage as one of my main software, if not the primary one. Thank you very much
AWESOME ON MY NOTE4 The smoothest running art app I've  seen to date... Real and intuitive brushes that look like the real thing Lots of canvases to choose from. No lag with any of the brushes, and it doesn't cause my phone to overheat... Which means my battery life is not drained like with other drawing apps. Check out some of my art on Pen.up my profile name is 3ddydotcom. Enjoy
Latest update helped a lot Everything seems to run smoother on my phone now. Love how natural the brushes feel and is the only app I've found that properly blends colors the way they're supposed to.
Does the job Its good for doodles on the note 4 but the auto line smoothing is a bit of a pain, and the menus are a little confusing but other than that its probbably the best art app available for android that being said no other app offers support for layers. Which is just mind boggling, spot on
Beyond I am new to digital paintingdrawing and this app makes it simple and fun. Totally inlove Worth every cent
I love Artrrage on my Galaxy Note Pro 12.2. However, try as I might, I can not get the reference photo to move or rotate. Any suggestions
Fantastic Best art app for Android IMO, especially if you have a device with a good stylus.  Awesome
Excellent Fantastic app. Use it a lot on note 4. Works really well but there are a few annoying glitches. Look forward to future updates. Good job.
