Best Very accurate and easy to use.
Love It It putts one right on target every time.
Favorite ballistics program Awesome program If you can put in the correct info, the d.o.p.e. that comes out is spot on
Excellent training  tool. I used Strelok Pro to teach a fellow shooter how magnification affects point of impact when using a second focal plane Mildot reticle  scope.
Still the best approach at what it does. Love just about everything about it.  Just wish it could be set to auto update wind, temp, dir and pressure from kestrel.  Kestrel sends constant updates, app just needs to listen.
Very useful app for shooters. The reticles alone are worth the cost of this app.
Great App A must have if you are a serious shooter looking for great results. The Pro version is particularly useful for many situations that other versions do not contemplate.
First round hit at 700 m on a Spurwing .243 Howa  Leupold Mk4 combination.
Aj Aiceme Wouldn't go to the field without it. Most accurate of many that I have used to date. Highly recommended.
Fantastic App 10 star if possible. The best buy at a very fair price. The Demo is good but the full version is a lot better.
Very good app Just what the doctor ordered for long range shooting
Great Ballistic App I own several other paid ballistics apps and this is one of the best
Best ballistic calculator period I have all the ballistic calculators out there but this one is my favorite. And Igor Borisov is one of the best app developers. I just want to say thanks and keep up the good work. Others should do the same.                                     UpdateGetting better and better every day.  I would like to see option to take pictures of targets and calculat group size.
Just keeps getting better Awesome.  Best available
Easy to use data and always very accurate  Thanks
Best long range app This app is the best out there and with every update it keeps getting better.
The Best Pro Ever... i strongly recommend the Strelok Pro paid version for all shooters, hunters, snipers and who practicing targets. ... if you are shooting any calibre ...you need this pro ...
Excellent App Haven't taken too many opportunities to try it out yet, but I'm already impressed by how much attention this app is getting from the developer.
Sterlok pro Best ballistic calculator.  Even better customer support  Thanks Igor been making great shots since I've purchased.
Internet Weather Fix Nope Updated and internet weather still says wait for fix.
Strelok Excellent program. Very easy to use and very accurate.
lt3 I've had this application for years and it's always been my goto for accurate predictions.
Great app
Deadly accurate This app gets my sighters into the 6 ring. Great for target rifle shootig competition.
Great Very nice to use, great for data for range book. All around nice program for shooting long range.
Spot on, Amazing. It took me a while to nail down all the input parameters but this app has me shooting amazing groups past 1,300 yards with my .338 Lapua.  It's spot on if all your inputs are spot on. Amazing.  Update You ever have a problem or a question just email Igor and you will have an answer in no time. Never seen customer service this good with an app.
Spot on Been using Pro for quite some time. Easy to use and understand, and dead on when I put in correct variables.
Awsome Perfect. Would like to be able to add scope base of 20 moa.
Excellent ballistics program. Excellent ballistics program.  Very versatile and easy to use.  One awesome feature is ballistic calculations for tons of different reticle patterns.  This can be exported as a jpg and used as a dope card for your scope reticle and a specific load.  Great work Mr. Borisov.
Very nice Takes a bit to find everythinglike where to input bullet weight it is under stability factor but well worth the effort to work out. It looks nice and more importantly it eorks flawlessly as far as I can tell. It is right on with the real world when you enter correct data. I love this app. New version is even better. I use it daily and I continue to be impressed with it
Great app I rarely pay for apps but this one is worth it.
Great ballistics app Pretty accurate when compared to JBM and field measurements were only .1 mils off in elevation.  Will buy a BT Kestrel to test wind reading.  The one thing I wish it had was barrel length input for rifle.   I would recommend this app.
