Best score app there is. Great app, gives results faster then any other app and that is not only for football also the new update is great. It now has all the subs displayed.
Brilliant app I've used it for years, simple and super fast  no other gives football results uptothe minute like this one. Another great thing no annoying outofplace adds.. Give it 5  simply because there are no 6 stars option..
Love this app. Great app that I use all the time. One thing for the wish list though would be a custom notification sound. Like a goal going in kind of sound. That would be awesome.
Awesome Great job guys. Please dont add more things to it.. as it will make the app heavier and it will be crappy like the other apps. Nice, light and fast. Perfect as it is
Simply amazing Small, very stable didn't freeze or crash even once low internet usage application. Very nice speed of information feed also 5
Great scores app This is an essential app for sports fans especially football. A slight tweak would to show the play off spots with a yellow indicator rather than another shade of green to the auto spits in league tables
Soopa fast Great app but it allways has my team getting beat Sort that out  there'll be another 50,000 downloading  LIVE SCORES,, 
Love the real time info This is the best of the live soccer apps I've seen so far....keep it up...but, if I can make a suggestion,that a loud notification that sounds like a crowd screaming goaaal each time a team scores.... That my friends would be nice...I think its high time u redesigned it to a material design though...
absolutely amazing Really fast in refreshing, quick score updates by the minute and great classification. Brilliance in a nutshell
Simply the best Love the update highlighting the relegationpromotionchampions league, qualification places, a fantastic app just got better
Ratings It will be even more appreciated app if there would be some ratings for, let's say, soccer players or whatever teams are playing. I am checking scores and sometimes I would like to know how well, by some others opinion, players did in the game. Thanks
Must download The best soccer application. Schedules, games plans, all needed details even the strategy played. No adds. All games all around the world. I am from Egypt, and even the egyptian league is on it. It's the beeeeest
Fantastic app, with the last update I can chose to have tennis as my startup sport.
Best sport news app             
very good app , i hope it upgrades other features like full details about players and club like goals tackles interciptions , and for clubs wins , loses draws , trophies , etc...
Excellent If you're missing a livegame, this is simply one of the best app to get every scores you want  Simple design... Accurate updates.. Never had a problem with it actually.  Plus, it is handling games of a ton of leagues or competitions.  EDIT new update features are really good. It is even better.
The best livescores app If I can rate this app 1 million stars, I won't think twice to do so, I  used to miss many matches before but since the introduction of the alarm feature, I have never miss any of my favorite matches
