Good Another tool I use a long with my GPS and phone maps, all 3 together are great. Lots of info from truck stops like fax's or fuel prices and from other truckers like if there's parking or full, even if there are fine chics there inside. A friend new trucker uses it as a GPS takes him straight to the door step of destination also helps him park his teailer in reverse or if there's urine around, even a clerk downloaded it too when I showed him app
a big help dont know what id do with out it when it comes to findong a place to lay your head at night and wash the stink off.
Great app. Only as reliable as the driver's reports and folks sometimes hit the wrong button.  Doesn't show portable scale locations.   Otherwise great.
most useful app for otr you can find out how other truck stops are doing parking wise bass on driver feed back. so it's an app that lets us all work together to ensure a safe trip for your fellow 18 wheelers. i check this app to find places top scale, for fuel, even report places that are new. a new location ads business to a failing truck stop. thank god this free app finally came along.
Take it or leave it with what I'm about to say This is an overall great app I'm so in impressed with how well it stays updated especially with weigh stations. It works great for truck stops  too but drivers need to realize that majority of truck stops are gonna be full around 57pm, so you need to prepare a stopping point for yourself. I also love the pre route planner feature you can use as well
Love this app Most useful app I have I use this more than my 400 truck gps. So convenient, reliable, and accurate. Helps me find all kinds of truck stops which comes in handy when your cutting it close to hours of service. Trip planning couldn't be any easier with the parking lot feature. If your a trucker, this is a must have app.
Awesome app You can add truck parking when you know there is a truck stop where the app doesn't have it.  Use this app almost everyday
Right On Time Drove from Arizona to Florida it worked the first time and hasn't failed yet. Excellent app.
Great app Except that it doesn't show you truck roads with directions.  This would be better if it did
It works really nice It does tell were the truck roads and trucks stop are its like a map for truckers
Love this app Up to date info. No problems so far. Great little app. For up to date info for your drive.
Works if I have signal. Doesnt work offline. Would be nice if offline availability worked. Some areas are too remote to obtain a clear signal
A musthave tool for all truckers I still prefer my atlas and Gps for navigation, however the aetive Weather and parang info, as Well as the reviews of locations are a HUGE benefit to My trip planning
Love this App.  Use it daily.  Would like truckwash locations and yesno if location had laundry
Great Great and very useful app. It would be even better if it will be added trucktrailer repair shops and maybe GPS to fully complete this app with trucker needs
Fantastic app I love this app.  It is by far the most important app that i use for work.  It's info is 99 accurate.  This app is a huge help
Best Trucker app If only drivers would leave reviews about truckstops and parking more often.
Excellent App It's Amazing how easy to use  very accurate. Thank you.
Between this, my phone and GPS, it provides accurate information. Actually has more info than found in my GPS which is a commercial grade. Very very helpful Love this app With the upgrade of weather, I'm interested to see how well it works, as we're always looking forward at the weather conditions since we're into winter, and we roll 247.
Ver 1.65 Not bad for free app, some bugs, but great work for only ver 1.65.
Great App Can't live without this app  gives information on  locations of truck stops and weigh scales
Must have I use this app everyday that Im on the road. It's also one of the most used apps I have.
Great app to find a place to park for the night and to find what fuel prices are before you get there.
