This is so great. I have LG G3, bought this right after G3 got root. Was on stock roms forever it seemed, but bought this  it worked from day 1. Course then after some time the hotspot started working in peoples roms. I had no idea this worked on AOSP until a few minutes ago, went to use native hot spot, settings fc, running bliss pop, installed this, set up  bang baby, works perfect. Thanks dev
Life saver Foxfi recently stopped working. Gave this a shot after reading one of the other reviewers comments. I had to go back to my older rooted phone, but it works. I will try rooting my S4 and try it on there as well. Thanks
Works great on Samsung galaxy s3 I used foxfi for about a year and it stop working. To make this app to work l have to do some research and Fabio helped me to . Root it first whit rootking and use supersu me pro to switch to supersu and it works great Thanks
Works like a charm, out of the box, when nothing else would. Stock LG Leon w Lollipop
Sprint S6 Edge Bought this app a couple of months ago when it wouldn't work on my rooted Sprint Edge. Thanks to the latest update along with some help from his website, it let me hotspot my phone last night all night. Only downside right now is that speeds are relativity slow. At least I got WiFi for my Xbox One now. Thanks for fixing
Works for Verizon Galaxy note 3 Maybe I'm missing the option, but the ability to have no password would be nice.
I tried all the free wifi tether apps and none of them worked on my SGS2  so i decided to try this paid one and it was easy to setup and I had it working under 3 minutes Awesome now i can use my no carrier tablet anywhere I have tmobile service on my cell phone
A LOT of options, think open wrt ADVICE don't just flip settings using your common sense, instead go straight to the bottom of the configuration to the questions section  and look for your device configuration. Great app PERIOD
Makes my phone slow and occasionally unresponsive, but it is nonetheless the best app of its kind. And it is constantly improving.
Love this app  I finally found a way to root my lg g stylo. I needed a app that lets me use hotspot and this app is the best. Works perfectly, you just need root access. I highly recommend if you need a app for hotspot and you have root access, get this app. Well worth the price 
Working on Nexus 6P Marshmallow Wow, even the data is faster with this app.
Works Faster than FoxFi Got it yesterday after FoxFi stopped working.  After a little set up and simple rooting found it seems to work a lot faster than FoxFi.
Works good I tried getting this app to work for months. Now it does and its awesome.
Awesome app, few questions.. I am an avid user of this app. The only one I use because it works flawlessly. Although recently I have noticed new options in the menu with no explanation as to what they do such as NAT Policy Alternative eager to learn how to use these functions as I play a lot of NATBased PC games.
I have a rooted Moto X Pure on ATT. Didn't work at first but Fabio went above and beyond the call to quickly answer my questions and resolve the issues. It now works flawlessly. I tried 4 other similar apps, no support no luck  this one is great.
Works great. VZW Galaxy S4, stock ROM, rooted.
So far so good Works well on my rooted S3. Great alternative to foxfi. Worth the money many times over if it continues to work like it should.
Stopped working with my Nexus 6 on tmobile. Haven't changed anything. Caps out since about 3 weeks now.
Amazing App Since the 6.1.1 update, it has stopped working for my Lg G3. It opens but fails to create a hotspot
5 estrellas  Funciona a la perfeccion en mi samsung note 3, kit kat.
