Awesome Neither Captain Kirk nor the Jetsons had anything this developed in the palms of their hands...but this is real Sure, it lacks some features that the full computer viewers have but this viewer gives 90 or more of the full SL experience on the go when you can't be on the normal way. The touch screen UI takes some experimenting and getting used to but once you adapt others inworld will have no clue you're not on the conventional way. Highly recommended
Lumiya SL It's not lindon lab, but for the price and on mobile devices including smart phones, yea worth its weight in gold all day long, does take some working out but what the hay 3.00 lol
Wonderful Wow  real SecondLife on your phone   It works, chat  music work perfectly.    THANK YOU So Much    Media music still plays after log off  nice feature  My favorite SL tunes while on the go  Thanks  Graphics are superb Awesome App 
Nook HD7 Delivers What It Promises I was a bit apprehensive about paying for an app, like this, without being able to actually try it, first, but I was more than relieved to discover that the app delivers exactly what was promised the ability to acces Second Life on my Android device, complete with 3d graphics. The single, onetime fee of 2.95 USD makes this an excellent, low budget choice.
Pretty Good i like to keep up with friends. Great app for that. able to tp, and can walk some, but is laggy when you move. Otherwise, it's awesome
Bestie App Ever I love this app comes in handy when my laptop broke lol i love how i can interact with my friends and family plus listening to stream is a plus .....but i wish i can mic up lol and i wish i can use my gestures but anyway i love this app .....
Awesome It's awesome a bit laggy at times but all and all the best viewer I've used via mobile.
Great I just got this app and I am very impressed with it. The 3d viewer makes it enjoyable and I can still do nearly all the things I did on my PC on my phone. I like the functionality of being able to change outfits, and so on too. This is my first time using an app like this, but it has made keeping in contact with my friends on SL so much easier since my computer is down or even while I am away. I hope it keeps improving.
Never venture into RL without it. The social interaction capabilities are stellar, and it loads the world in 3d view with excellent clarity for a tablet. The new avatar rendering bumped it to 5 stars Also PLEASE add voice support Most smart phones can run this now. Since walking around isn't a great option it would be nice to voice chat.
Awesome and then some  and then it broke My original review follows but i need to amend it  Lumiya doesn't handle mesh environments and the 3D ends up crashing you out most of the time     It just keeps getting better and better. Almost as good as really being in SL on PC. Actually better than PC when bandwidth is a problem Been using it for 4 years and never regretted paying. Its actually worth every penny
Amazing experience It is a wonderful little viewer and it keeps improving. Great job. Is there any chance we could have simple screen captures in a next version I would love to show others how good it looks on the phone when I am on vacation.
Brillant So much better than standing around unable to move or do anything worth the couple of dollars to buy and not just stay in touch but be part of second life
I love it I love it it only has one problem it has no build keys on it or it would be perfect if you like me and like developing land and moveing o jets then this is the trouble  but other than that awsome   brilliant top marks
