Free game You can get the full version just down load aptoide its free to download and then click on the app you get everything free even minecraft
Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
It's sooo addictive I really enjoy playing this game. The icons, levels and music are awesome  too bad is a demo version, they should put the FULL VERSION FREEEEEE 
This is the BEST GAME EVER Can you maybe bring xstep and clutterfunk to the demo My 9 year old son has beat every single level in the full version on his iPad This is the BEST GAME EVER
I'd never give up... I'm addicted to this game already.....like LITERALLY I think I should get the full ver.
AwesomeFustrating This game is amazing and awesome, but ti can get to my nerve when i am doing a level for over half an hour. Vedy Vedy good XD
Addictive fun Playing free version on my phone. Ads were expected and come up regularly but I believe only after a fail. Have full version on Kindle Fire so more levels, no ads, and level editor.  Easy to play for a short time if you don't have a lot of time, but sometimes hard to stop.  Keep wanting to do one more try . Some levels are very hard...have to keep trying and remember when to jump and when NOT to jump
Great game Fun thing to do when you're bored, but it has a lot of ads. If you fix that I will totally give you 5 stars. I still don't get why have to buy the full version because you buy the game anyways and then you have to buy more things, but other than that it's a great game
Ausome The thing I like about this game is its not impossible and it's like you can't stop playing once you play
So good I just like it to bits i enjoy it while im rageing too its wierd because i enjoy the game while im rageing at the same time but the music tho its so swag and my fav is back on track 
Why so many jumps It has way to much jumps. Also it's realy hard doing it up side down
Love My life right now I know I can't stand it was only one and I made it
Such a smooth game This is a demo guys so quit complaining that it hasn't been updated If you haven't realised what a demo is, then go look it up Well done developers This is among the few game I keep on my phone  I prefer to leave gaming to consoles and PCs. Well, thank you very much for this free version of Geometry Dash I'm really impressed.
Awsome Its so coolbut also makes you go into rage mode sometimes the soundtrack, the level design, and the obstacles are so amazing. Mlg
8B I will have to say that this game is not 1 or 2 but 3 times better than eny game I have played D
Geometry dash... AMAZING It's amazing I love it It's stressful but very fun Rock on geometry dash 
Stupid but addicting and fun I threw my phone on the ground about 5 times each time I play but it's a great game but not when u get rage mode love back on track
Addiction I am like really addicted to this game even if I really want to destroy my phone because I keep messing up. But keep up.the work I love it
So AWESSSSSOME AND COOL GAME I like this game a lott cause even it is not a full version game its ok cause its playable
Wow This game is not a just A time waster, this is the time waster. This thing makes you make time to waste. Challenging, yet fun and easy at the same time One of the best games I found in a while, 5 stars all the way
Am I being to greedy So umm when is the next update I just really want to play Clubstep so umm yeah and yes i know its level 14 and also why can't the full version be free
Love this game Amazing soundtrack, easy controls, challenging. I'm addicted to this game
It's a really good game I just love the game its really good I like to play the games just a fun way to entertain yourself  LicoriceCat                                           I like the game is pretty cool I just like the level of I'm pretty good at it too  GingerCat   Plz Subscribe to us  YouTube Channel D
ITS VERY FUN AND ADDICTING Its great colorful and very well created. Great level names and cool Icons and colors.There are no flaws
Amazing Amazing awesome spectacular,  words that  describe this great game , time burning but not battery wasting
It's cool Awesome, even if I'm horrible at the game.
