As advertised, Nothing More or Less Just in case u b clueless. Its for WiFi Analyzer. It allows connecting to wireless networks. You don't openrun this. I do not know why it isn't integrated into W.A. or even Android itself.
Lollipopnexus 6 This and WiFi analyzer together will allow you to connect to open WiFi spots that for some reason can't be connected to otherwise.. Has saved me much 
Great if you want to connect to 5 GHz Does its job if the SSID name is the same for 2.4 and 5 GHz. Often you will get connected to 2.4 GHz. With this app you can choose. Just click on the SSID in the network list in the WiFi Analyzer and select the one with 5 GHz from the sub list might have to choose forget network before and then select again with 5 GHz afterwards.
It Works as Stated Works in conjunction with the WiFi Analyzer application .                            To the people leaving bag ratings  This is not a stand alone application and cannot be  opened  from your app drawer . It works as shortcut with the Wifi Analyzer application to connect to different networks within the app. It is not for free wifi or stealing wifi passwords .
Does exactly what it's made to do. If you're not qualified to remark or review don't know what it is or what it does then Don't  Why would you An old saying that always comes to mind Those of you who think you know what your doing are very annoying to those of us who do.     unknown
Fun to take a drive and read the goofy and sometimes intimidating names of people's home networks, as well as their brands of routers and printers, show up on your screen
Cool Allows to connect to a specific Access Point , when you have several access points for the same SSID
It Works for Me Added to Wifi Analyzer it makes a solid app.
Does what it's designed to do. Plain  simple.
Simple yet great Does just what it says works well with their other apps nothing extra and nothing missing
Iv downloaded it nd i wil run it
Finally this app is in play store
I've download and I'll run it
great best app ever developed. ..
Awesome Works great with and ONLY with WiFi Analyzer. Love it.
Nice App
Good
Good
Love it
Wonderful
