Excellent I've used square for both of my businesses for 4 years. No complaints I can make home deliveries and still accept cards My customers appreciate the convenience for them. Best. App. Ever.
It's all good no complaint After 2 updates my phone still don't have the customer deal like the pad does 
President Great company to work with. If you want to expand and grow your business, square is the way to go.
I have been using square for years never had any problems truly a must have if you are self employed No one carries cash any more
Square Register I've been using square for years with no problems. Accepts all major credit cards. A must have if you're self employed.
Owner Was in a contract with a bank   Now I am very happy. 
I have been using square more than two years I love it.
Love it This is great. Works wonderfully and deposits are prompt. Haven't had any problems using Square.
I have been using the square app for about 3 years now and I love it, I really wish it would send deposits through on Saturdays to bank accounts I am self employed and work every Saturday it would really be Awesome, but thank you never letting me down
Love it Used square over 1 year with hundreds of transactions and never a problem. 1 app that actually works.....
HCRavy Taxi Service Comes in very handy when away from my car..
Love all the features Hands down square is for small businesses Connect and features are on point for start up s and established brick and mortar ... because we plan to maintain this business relationship as we grow and integrate square with out business model
Bates Funeral  Cremation Service Funeral  Cremation service offering arrangements in the comfort, privacy  convenience of your own home...
This is the business Keeps me moving like Like the drive thru, next
Amazing app It is so simple and it always works everytime I need to swipe a credit card
It is very easy to use. I am learning to much with the videos and tools they provide me. Excelent app. Thanks.
Love this lil gadget This makes sure I don't miss out on money Easy to use and inexpensive for any small business owner  10 's
Great app Easy to use and adds another payment option that's very convenient for my customers.
Costume an photo tech Fothografer technician
Works great Easy to use and it just works well.
JUST MARVELOUS  GREAT
Work great
Square
Easy, quick and convenient Have been using it for my business for almost a year Would recommend it to anyone running a business, big or small
Helped my business succeed Square keeps me up to date in new technology. I am impressed with the new NFCEVM addition. I have an android phone and can conduct transactions on the go. There are no subscriptions, just pay per transaction. Thanks Square
Love this I love this app, I could not run my business without it. I just wish the small card scanner was a little more reliable. Many times it won't scan the card and I have to type in the number manually and it's a higher transaction fee. Hopefully the new POS scanner will work better
Great app I am just starting my practice as a Certified Health Coach and this helps. I have been able to accept credit cards in a easy way. I just wish the fee were lower, I can use every single penny right now.
Great i have been using squareup for years now and,its been a catch a sale saver 
