Worth every penny This is the first app I have ever purchased. I will never go without it. Being able to track parts, gas mileage, services and automatic reminders make this app a cheap tool to ensure you get the most out of your car. Curious if that fuel  additive is helping your gas mileage This app will help track it. Ever wondered if different gas stations or octanes have an effect on gas mileage This app will help track that
Great app to track everything about your car From upcoming services to gas mileage, aCar tracks all information about your car. You won't miss a service for your car because of its reminders. Also, the great thing about this app are the charts it provides to see your km per liter, km per trip, etc. Really recommended app
Still the best after 4 years of continuous use Yup I am a long time user of this product. I have every log from the beginning of 2011 to today. aCar serves its purpose by keeping logs on everything I do on my car. I give it the highest rating I could
Vehicle Management Must I have 4 cars at my disposal and keeping up with maintenance of them was a headache until I purchased acar pro.
Best mileage etc tracker aCar tracks EVERYTHING you could possibly need tracked for multiple vehicles.  Exports to spreadsheets in pro, costs 5.  Costs less than the small paper books, easier to useremember than those books, and it does all the math for you.   What's not to love
Great app Been using this for 9 months and it has been faultless. Tried a couple of others but this beats them all. The statistics are far more than I personally need. But all interesting stuff.
Indispensable business app Works well, easy to back up.  Awkward to adjust reminders. Samsung Galaxy 3. Rating updated super fast response to issues... way to go
Love this app Maybe I am a little OCD, but I love tracking all the little details about my cars. I've tried all the apps for this and this app is easily the best. Thank you so much
Excellent APP Definitely worth the upgrade, it's great to track everything, since I bought a new truck, I can track everything on vehicle since day 1. The only thing that could be improved is, I wish I could automatically backuprestoresync inputs and settings to  from Dropbox automatically.
First app I've ever spent money on Been using it for a couple of years to track mileage for work.  Totally worth the 6 bucks
Top notch program. Been using programs like this since I have had a Palm pilot.  I been using the A car product for about 5yrs now.  I track my wife and kids cars to keep track of maintenance.  This is a great tool to keep track of things like safety equipment also.  By safety equipment I mean tail lights and turn signals.  This would be great standard program for the smartphone.
Great app This is a great app It keeps track of more car expenses than I need to track. I love how it reminds me of maintenance due. The backup and restore feature is good. I just wish it would backup automatically. I lost a lot of history when my phone broke.
Great app. Lots of features, nice and easy to use interface, involved developer, backups to the cloud, reasonable price. Better location detection, a desktop or web interface, automatic cloud sync would be a bonus.
Superb app What a great way to determine your efficiency. It manages multiple cars, trips and even serviceable components. Love it and have done over the last three years  now with GPS awareness per entry, superb.
Easy to use, efficient, really good Great for tracking costs and breaking them into pieces for analysis.  Have already recommended Ap to several people.
Amazing software I am an iPhone convert who was using GasCubby to track my vehicle. This software meets and exceeds in every way the things I loved about that app. Thank you developers for this amazing app.
Love the app I have been using the free version for months and I love it. I was waiting for the pro version to go on sale. The moment it did, I jumped on it. Awesome work Keep it up.
Impressed. Fairly basic, but it does everything I need it to, which is basically track how much my vehicle is costing me overall. Functional and easy to use... so long as you remember to use it every time you fill up.
Best car tracking app ever If you need to track fillups as well as trips, this app does it. And it does it easy. One thing would be fun to sync with iPhone.
