Highly addictive and interactive. The game physics and realism I snext to none and usually it's historically accurate. Hours of gameplay, regardless of you wanting to spend a whole lot of cash or no cash at all.
Basically fixed thank yous When start up the game sometimes it will endlessly load no matter how much time I leave it and I have to wait for the app to close down so i can try agen and hope It actually loads for me also happens when I'm trying to enter a game can just decide to endlessly load I'm sure other people are having this problem and I really want this fixed otherwise when I get into a game it runs smooth so it has nothing to do on my end read and fix please
good user friendly game for old guys Grew up on old Avalon Hill games from Baltimore MD.  What a evolution in in my life
So good I cant think of a better game like this it is good on my  xbox one it will ged to 10 , 000,000 million people how likes it
I love the game but it took all my experience points I have been playing the game for months and have really loved it. Everything is excellent quality, but I sold a tank to make space to use my 62,000 experience points to buy a new tank and I have no idea why but all my points disappeared and I can now only use credits to purchase a new tank. WTH Please help me resolve.
Ban System I recommend that it should be a ban system like other games.For an example,after the match ended,there is a button for voting each player like thumbs up button forgood game and a report button for afk,left match. So,if one of the player been voted as  afk,left match,he will being warned or banned from entering game for a time that have been set.By this way,it can improve the game much more better.And also,a button for spaming in chattoxic behavior.Keep up the good work 
Awesome game. Noobs here in the comment section will say this game has invisible tanks or they r not able to save up credits. They just dont know the game mechanics well enough. Some of them even complain about unfair matchmaking. Well, don't judge until you reach higher tiers. The game is quite balanced frankly. Sometimes you enter lower tier matches and sometimes higher tier matches. You can't get great matchmaking everytime. Anyway, excellent game and i fully recommended trying this.
Lost everything I lost everything. i was on the european server and playing wen randomly the game closed its self and wen i opened it, it said that i had to login but wen i tried it didn't work. I will give the game 5 stars if this gets fixed.
Please add. More cannon sounds all the shots sound the same a 75mm sounds like a 88 and make more battle options like a realistic mode were there are no hit points more of a more realistic fight.  And the option of zooming in on your tank so it doesn't look tiny. Also bigger 10vs10 battles.
World of war planes Plz make world of war planes for android..... We also want to play it on mobile... Thank u.... Superduper game ,
Best Tank Game ever Too bad when someone that outrank you, starts a shootout and ,its hard to survive, unless you run away, there's no fun in that
Will Ruin Your Life So addictive that I count tanks when trying to fall asleep  To avoid crashes, close other running apps.  NOTE If app does not update properly eg. Repeated requests for password that lead to to app store only to be prompted for your password again, CLEAN YOUR CACHE using a free cleaner available from your app store. I used 1 Tap Cleaner, but any method for clearing your cache should allow the update to proceed.
