Still Amazing....So very beautiful fun... Thanks to Radian games ...to make full amazing games for 2,99....no stupid energy that you have to wait to fill up
Outstanding game Absolutely loved it. Ever since I got a new phone, I was searching for Inferno because I forgot the name. Now that I found it, I bought this sequel and oh boy isbit hard to put down. Countless hours of fun have been poured into the first and this one, and at a bargain price, this game is more than worth it.
Perfectamondo It is a perfect twin stick arcade shooter. If this was a stand up machine in the 80s it would have minted money for whoever owend it
Best shooting game out there I first played geometry war and thought it was pretty lame so I refunded it and saw someone has recommended inferno 2 and after playing that for 10 minutes found it much more in depth and replayability than geometry war.
Amazed Easily one of the best shooters out there and it's premium. No freemium or pay to win crap. Love it
Love it Love this game. One of the best twin stick shooters on the app store. With zero in app purchases this game has an honest business model.
Cool cool cool Cool visuals and cool gameplay from a cool developer
Amazing I'm having so much fun It's an extremely addicting game.
Really well done  fun to play I like it even more than geometry wars.
RadianGames does it again. Another great installment by RadianGames.  Loved the games on XBLA Indy, these are exceptionally wonderful.  Well done.
Tons of fun Great music and visuals. Fantastic gameplay NewGame is incredibly difficult.
Wow So far so good. Just like the grid from Tron legacy.
Brilliant This game is amazing... it takes the conventions of many different twinstick shooters and combines them with something reminiscent of the original Gauntlet along with RPG elements, making one of the deepest and most enjoyable twinsticks I've ever played, and twinstick shooters may well be my favorite genre of gaming ever.
Somehow better than the first This is an absolutely great game
I like how smooth it is just pick I up and go now of that other crappy wish u get with familiar games good job guya
One of the best games I've played Been playing for over 24hrs now and no issues Fun and challenging for all I rarely say this but try it
Great fun I wouldn't change a thing.
Finally... Contributed to this guys work All I see are rave reviews about this devs games So finally decided to purchase one   i'm not disappointed  gorgeous graphics, excellent gameplay  love the progression Awesome Thank you very much Radiangames. 
Loved it I was a fan of the first one.  I've been waiting for part 2 for a while.  I'm  looking forward to being amazed once again by stunning neon graphics and great gameplay.
Must have Best game on my phone for a while. Worth every pennies
Totally makes best use of neon graphics.
One of the best game ive played lately  If you own a Nvidia Shield tablet, its a MUST BUY
Badass Very addicting and entertaining. Hella worth the buy.
A very nice arcade game As it was
First game I actually bought
Wow And here I thought Inferno couldn't get any better Wow
Fantastic Super cool
Finally Finally found a good challenging game
Yes Everything i loved in inferno plus, times 10. No ads. No in game purchases. Terrific.
Sweeeeeet Fantastic game perfect for the nvidia shield
Sweet Good game when at work
