Seems human Absolutely worth every penny.  P.S. To those bitching about it not working with Google Maps, go talk to Google. This works with other apps just fine. That makes it a bug in Google's app.
She can adapt to almost anything. I have been using Heather for quite some time now. Her voice is very authentic sounding. She rocks.
Simply the top Best voice I've found over the years
Great voice, issues with install Very good voice quality and natural tone. Still having issues with it not being used by Google Maps, despite all other TTS being disabled in SettingsApps page. Google TTS still keeps taking over. Only option is to uninstall Google Maps and reinstall Maps version 8.4.1 and below. Google Google Maps APK with any version you're looking for.
Works great If only you knew the horrible things I am having her say.
Pretty good Better than the google tts engine voices that sound like robots.
lt3 Heather Almost perfect but otherwise awesome.  In my opinion for English voices Heather Scotland and Jess North English are the best.  Visit the CereProc website to hear the voices read a page or sentences 
I love this voice. Well worth the money. Still the best I have found.
Love It Sounds clear and quite natural. Never had a problem with it. I recommend it.
Exotic Need to put more exotic voices to make more real for moto x. There's a seller.
Fantastic
Lovely accent Voice has a gentle West Scotland accent. Character and emphasis in the right places. I only have one glitch she can't say 'A876'. She sometimes says 'ah' not 'ay'. But it's improving a lot. 'Kirsty' is Edinburgh, Fife ish and 'Dodo' a Scots speaking West Coaster who is brilliant. Has worked on both Samsung and HTC.
Scottish Pretty dam close to the real thing
Sweet  calm voice Well I had done faulty installation which caused the file to fail. But the voice is not bad at all Can't blame cereproc but fault of my own. And the voice glitches was not due to the file, but due to moon reader's poor tts arithmetic renderingand maybe memory problem It sounded less glitchy on cm10 than on my stock android. But now after they've fixed it, it no longer sounds that glitchy anymore I will continue to support cereproc for all the great job they've done
It's like Merida is speaking to me Love the voice mostly because I love the accent Works very well,  and I have Heather guide my turn by turn navigation everywhere I go
Luv Heather I love Heather
Beautiful voice Very clear and pleasant to listen to
Works great Works perfectly on my Evo and sounds fantastic.  Very well done
