Best Twitter App hands down I joined Twitter 5 years ago and have tried many apps but always came back to this. It has a massive array of features and is fairly quick at releasing updates with the latest Twitter features included and more. The Zip function is my favourite, love it It's a continual work in progress but has so many features you'll be hard pushed to find better.
Best Twitter App This is far and away the best twitter app I have tried. You can really personalise it and it's easier to use. Plus at the moment it still has the old starfavourite rather than the heartlike Facebook nonsense Excellent.
Excellent app good company I had a problem with an older version of the paid app. It kept showing ads. When I reported the problem they refunded me quickly which showed me a responsive customer service. That problem is fixed now. It's a great way to use Twitter.
Good Job Wow...Fast responds for about notification error... Good Job, team   I love TweetCaster more...more...and more... 
Nice app Love everything about the app.  Wish it would do 2 more things.  1 The ability to pick which account to favorite or retweet from.  2 Incorporate Twitter's new embedded quoted tweet retweet.  Otherwise, no issues
the best Twitter client ever 
My Go To Tweeter App I am pleased to rate this app. After trying many others, this is the app I continue to use. Over the years, it has continued to improve. I have never received a virus alert because of this app and it doesn't ask me to advertise its service.
Tweetcaster pro Good application. Great if your a gab, ie like to say more than 140 characters. Good photo editor too. Used this app on IOS as well as lollipop 5.1 Flawlessly. Push notified which is great.
Cant go wrong I always come back to tweetcaster Its a keeper Samsung Galaxy S4
Super One of the best I love the fact there is no limit on direct messages now Been using it since 2013 and it keeps getting better, way to go Tweetcaster Pro, Paul aka The Mayor 
Recent update 5stars. Now that all the problems I had have been fixed 4 stars because I had to rebuy. Other than that, good app. edited comment Since the recent update I've lost all saved drafts and bookmarks. So annoying
Wooooo Hooooo Full twitter features  searches  trends. Nice Jtatex in San Diego
Luv it Perfect, does everything I need on my Galaxy Note 2
Excellente I most definitely appreciate this app for the sole fact that there is no longer any ads. Its great
love ittt everything seems to be running smooth for me
Galaxy Note 2 Best app for me so far
Can't tweet Every time I try to send a tweet it says Failed to send tweet, and there doesn't seem to be anything I can do about it.
