Fantastic app It has really help me improve my drawings.
Amazing Now I can draw anything.....well...almost.
It helped a lot I love this app it really helps a lot
Love this Thanks for inspiring me to want to draw again
Cute Awesome for people like myself that are RUBBISH At Drawing
Loved it Could have less adverts for games but on the whole it's a really good game and I loved it
Awwww Thanks Guys I Love The Sweet Comments 3
Amazing I have learned to draw so many things almost exactly, i love using this app to draw
I learned really fast I learned in 30mins how to draw its awsome
Love this This will help me so much. I'm so happy to have found this app
I think it's cooooooooool It is really nice I will learn everything about  Manga  chilbi... 
WOW Its amazing
Awesome Now I love drawing and I've learned so much about drawing
Love it do much
Awesome
I love it
This Really Helps Thanks to this app. I am really bad at drawing, and this app made me draw better. Draw and draw until you make the most out of your hands. Recommended for those that needs improvements on drawing like me. 5 stars.
Asus Zenfone 264Bit, 64GB Internal128GB SD , 4GB  Looking forward to getting a great experience with this one 
Great app Love it Pretty fun Great if you like anime and want to learn how to draw it too
How  to  draw  anime It shows  me how  to  draw  anime and  It  really  helps  me when  I  am drawing.
Lol Really Cool I didn't how to even draw a face before it was so difficult now that watched some of the videos I see the way to draw correctly easier and much better Really an Awesome App
A Big Help This app is so cool I'm actually an Anime Lover a.k.a. Otaku and I draw a lot This app helps me how to be a better animator. I'm actually taking Animation as a course where I get to College so,thank you to this app   I'm overwhelmed Arigato senpai 
Great awesome app Who loves anime drawing gotto dinstall this
Amazing Its really helpful and made my anime drawings 10 times better, the only problem would be is that the adverts put me off. Thanks for the app though              gt.lt
Omg get in this instant I declare Love whoever made this it has thought me so much but wait who am I kidding this app is amazing it works wonders
Oh my gosh Best app ever for animemanga
its amazing the only thing that i would suggest is to be able to download the video
I don't know what to say
Paris retre'ivant  Bonjour Babes this app is so learnable. If u r willing to be the best drawer in your class Then download this app.                  Salu Darlings
Lovely Made my anime drawings waaaaay better
