I have only been using this app on my Prestigio tablet for eight months and have never had a problem, It's brilliant, Also, The live bus due times on my Prestigio Multiphone are amazingly accurate, It's the dogs bollox, I just love it . Update, 221115, It is still 'kin brilliant.
I emailed support this morning because I couldn't log in.   Had their reply within 10 minutes letting me know they had updated to take account of new log in required by TFL.   All working perfectly now.   Great support
What happened Login issue not fixed. Nov. 2015. Have cleared cache, updated app. Keeps happening every few months unfortunately. Update. Working perfectly again. Thanks
Excellent app Fast response and support and quick fix
Great
Thanks Thank you for resolving the issues
Excellent I'm really happy the login problems have been fixed. I love the app, it's very helpful and does what is says, 5 stars deserved.
Works fine After TFK changes app now back online.
HeyIt's working Soon after I left negative review,I tried to log in and ta da,it's working.Thank you very much.Well done
I Use this app everyday and saves me time  And designers got over the login issue quickly and as promised.
Working well again. Well done HAN.. after TFL changed their website we were unable to login. But after informing HAN the maker of this app, they have fixed the issue and all is working as well as I can see at the moment. Thank you HAN for your speedy response to the issue.
Perfect... Well almost lol Been using this app every day for a few years now. Always know what my balance is at a glance 
Fix Thanks for fixing so quickly.  Still a great app. Does what it says on the tin
LIFESAVER After using the free version it expired I had to buy it as it was the one app that saves me time from running to the shop to check my balance. Excellent app. Highly recommend.
Reliable Does as intended with no silly bloat features or ads to distract you with. Well done team and thanks for the good updates.
Great The No season ticket  issue has been resolved. I uninsulated and installed again. Now works great. Thanks for your reply.
Update working now. Great app.
Oyster balance Very informative and easy to use.
Absolutely brilliant Just sat on a train and put my phone and oyster card in the same hand and my phone scanned the card and opened the app this is a fantastic app and highly recommend it to anyone who uses an oyster card regularly
