So good   to play. It's more than a movie But at least reduce the upgrades. It's not easy to get more than 350 Gold . And by the way why it's not opening after upgrading Please fix it for my sake. I can't stay without playing it Mr Developer.
Uninstall then reinstall works again Now keeps force closing. Game tries to open then gives error creating save, then it force closes. HTC m8
Whao its a bomb  I never enjoy game like this before just try it you will easily get addicted to it if you could spend some little money its a wonderful game , the 3D pictures , the warship and the easy control make this game one of  my best game after of course the brother WARPLANES
Good naval game battle. Graphic design is good. So many enemies and hard to be the best. Good war on the world. Not easy to get the gold.
Great game Can't play past level16 says coming soon and level ten past easy mode is also coming soon when
I give 5star plzz help me When i update new version of war ship btl  and i open says update fail... icant open do some thing ..
Awesome Never dull, always fun to sit back and blow things up, quick missions lots of fun, tilt control with thumb control gives wide range of movement
When is the next update Love this game but I've done all the missions to date. Some missions say normal and hard coming soon. Can you finish making them soon and release updates more often
Pls give me reward I recv msg many time play between 8 to 10 and  i played but i dint recv  cash or gold pls help .
It's a great app, my only complaint is when you beat a level they can still shoot you and then it says that you failed the mission. Please fix this. 
Best and will be if only If only you would could give us a way to earn more gold or buy it for game cash
American Navy Ships Are My Dream Best App Ever If anyone besides me LOVES American Navy Ship games, this app is SCREAMING PICK ME PICK ME DOWNLOAD KEEP
The potention game I think this is more great when have another features. But, the episode was too hard and i must goldly upgrade. And at least, don't forget to added another ship
