Playing since I was a child Waiting for more missions since months,  why after taking red star d game kind of freezes for fraction of second and d lag kills d player as it doesn't responds to my command looses d charm
Love the game i play almost every day but im out of missions will we be getting more any time soon
So cool and so awesome I love sonic and I like all the new updates this game helped me level up and kept me entertained it is so good to have something like this
BEST GAME EVER U get daily spin and my progress didn't restart D
How much I live sonic dash It is a very fun game me and my neice live it thank you whoever made this 
Cool game. Just a bit laggy here and there, but otherwise pretty fun. Better than Lara Croft any day
Can you add more stage Also a grind move for sonic would be awesome.
So good It is like sonic boom 2 but this game is even better
Fun but very laggy This is fun but the lag make it a pain.
I LOVE THIS IM GOING FASTA THAN EGGMAN'S MOM
This game is one of the top mobile I've ever seen and played
Fast This game is really fun and I hope it lives on.
Cool game. A bit lagy but not a big deal
I love it I grew up with sonic games it was my favorite in the Sega days...
Sonic is awesome Nice game but a bit hard to master. I have been playing Sonic for a week and I find it to be highly additive. I have finally figured out this game. You have to be very alert to progress through the advanced levels. It's worth 5 stars
Sonic is the legend This is one of the greatest sonic games ever invented sonic 4 life
Fun Love the game But I have all the characters on the game now. Can we get new characters to unlock
Fast and furious Great game for sonic fans and running geeks. Very addictive
Sonic da This game is well developed and has good graphics
Loved it I'm a fan of Sonic and this was a great game
Awesome Dish is da behst ruhnning gami evur
Addictive I loved this game when I was a kid n I love it now
It's good. I'm just posting for the reward.
Awesome Love this game, I just hope there was an easier way to get characters other than getting so much red stars
Best game ever No bugs nothing wrong with it at all
Amazing. Never played any Sonic game before that.. Needless to say, it's a great fun game.. Way better than Subway Surf  other running games available for android. 5 stars
Awesome The new galaxy warrior  likes this link would be surprised if he were alive  angel of axes
Addicting Super fun and so addicting.  No problems as of yet
