Okay so I have defeated titan now and I am eagerly waiting for my next adventure that is to go on a hunt to look for the next mighty warrior volcano. Yeahhhh  I know its a bit too much and soon to ask but approximately by when volcano update will arrive. Thanks nekki
I don't care,I loved it I like the stuff and  armors if you this comment download  it it's really good and makers of this game please give me 500 coins
Idea We need a multiplayer as an additional content for shadow fight 2 and is it possible to make it with the help of Mobile hotspot. , On switching on the mobile hotspot  on both the multiplayer phone we can start a game .........Please try any way to play shadow fight 2 on both the phones the same fight ..... We need a multiplayer blast on our Mobile phones .... 
But I can't bet lynx and I have the last weapon and I'm not going to get gems for the other weapons and the armor the bombs are to op and I'm a low level it's not fair that he uses them when I'm close to betting him or close to death and every hit I take from him he puts the bomb on me
Fight I super fighting game in the world ever. But it is too hard . many levels are hard. For that we should upgrade the swords,helmets,dress. e2
Want to play against my brother  Today i got to level 52 with my brother and i want to play against him but can't  cause this a game about missions not about showing off and beating other people so next update can you do that in the next update .
I defeat titan but after the update why my weapons is missing its invincible fix the bug pls But i still love this game
Game doesn't even start After update game is not starting it just crashes n goes back to main phone menu. Plz fix this game
Just wanted to tell u guys.. This game is really addicting..perhaps theres a multiplayer mode and take away the energy bars then this game will be totally perfect.
The best Its simply the best, at first it seemed too fast but after getting used to it hands down it has no faults  all, I just hope they add an online version where you can fight other players
Great game but am at Act 5 challenge stage 11 am expected to win with throws but the throw botton not there. Please fix it, want to continue my game.
Why I cant recover my previous progress I have one thing to say about in the game i have been already defeat 4 boss and iam in the chapter 5 but when i uninstall the shadow fight 2 and then reinstall it again why i cant recover my previous progress pls fix this problem i want again my previous progress and i dont want to start all over again so for the creator of this game pls fix this very fast as possible.
Wow Awesome I like dis game soo much everything is so good graphics, sounds and movement kicks juz awesome.. Waiting fa shadow fight 3
Great game Great game Nebulas. So much fun and is a blast to play. I just have a couple problems with Shadow not responding as fast as I need him to but other than tht it's awesome. Maybe for the next shadow fight you can make epic finishes where black  blood splatters on the screen or somthing.
