Omg OMG THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER its really good  I like the way you give us free hints there is lots of different levels im stuck on grave decisions HOPE YOU MAKE ANOTHER STICKMAN SOON
unique so much fun and very unique by far the best game i have ever played.. and i have played just about everything in the google play store. i highly recommend this game to every one who likes to create there own story and characters.
BEST GAME YOU COULD GET IN THE APP STORE It's just amazing no other word can describe this Game Unique and Plain brilliant I think people who like great games should play this , they would be very satisfied.
BEST GAME EVAAAAAR This game....this game.....this game is the most creative game i have found on Google play store its compelling gameplay and exploration is the best because the sistem allows you to do your creativity into the game.....best game ever good job 
Very clever game. We are so excited for the stickman epic 2....we have been waiting 2 years. Hope more games in this format are to follow.  Worth paying for.  Thank you
In love This games the first I'd bought I had to, fell in love with it. I just had to get this it's worth playing. Very entertaining.
This is OP Guys I pesrlnally love this game and this gamd is so popular that my whole previous class plays it. Even my TEACHER
Silly games This game is great It can be very funny at times and the puzzles are clever.
Really good and very addictive stuck on a level can't pass it  Awesome
Have not played it yet But looking at the comments I think I'll like it 
A little bug The game works until I get to cave of robotic mystery and then it never stops loading. Please fix for 5 stars.
Need more I'm happy that I paid 2.00 for this game I wish there were more levels
Thanks for the app and I am humbled Thanks so much for the app is not a problem with the same time as well
I love it I love it because it's a whole new adventure It's the best game ever and I could never hate it
It's great super great a stick could change everything in life You see a troll and grow pirate plunder and zarp he destroy s very think
Supper fun Not very long tho Great for kids and adults.
Great Its a great game I wish they had more though
Too cool I don't care if I have too play its too funny lolooolololol olololololololol The creater of this game should be proud of his self I bought it lol
I like this app.  Its very fun and it has a lot of activities.
Love it Brilliant game, totally addicted to it. Love it D
Fun and challenging Very creative solutions to tricky situations
It's freaken awsome Who would rate 1 nope rate 5
Awesome Sometimes it takes it to my home screen without warning, but i really like the game
Epic Fantastic game that you'll never get bored of Definitely recommend it to others
Great game This game is absolutely amazing and totally worth paying for
Creative l love thisgame.l hopeit continues to more levels eventually . l definitely Recommend this
AWSOME game The demo suked but the real game is so cool I will keep it forever
Asome I'm just a kid best game ever
