Awesome My note 3 enjoys this app it told me so as 4 me am over the moon it makes all pics I edit look great my ugly galfrends pics looks beautiful when edited lol
Very nice I love it. Very easy to use, sooo worth it. Love it love it LOVE  IT. lolz
Nice app. Nice app. I will give 5 stars bcos there is so  many effects  frames..
This is a superb thing I hope that you people make more like this plz plz plzSuperb Superb Superb Superb
Love this  the photo editor..... Absolutely love this extra added app for stickers,frames, effects, etc. with the Photo Editor It's really really fun, easy to use and everything works great Highly recommend
Very Good Its really fine...Cool... Useful 
Very nice Good type of effects ... can change a bad photo into a good one
The best photo editor I have ever used So easy, better and more choices even than Instagram and top quality edits Keep up the good work App never crashed and loads super fastLoved it and I recommend it to all my friends
thanks a million yeah now I can edit or add effects on my photos like a pro.. thanks again 'dev.
awesome thats awesome.first u need to download Aviary photo editor then this.Awesome work.i love that.Best app ever and easy to use. u can write text and draw somethin' there.COool
The Aviary Way Aviary is the name you will associate with top quality.  After amazing yourself with premium effects, filters and extras frame it.  Aviary gives you a large variety of choices in color, frames and mattes.  Everyone knows the frame can make a picture and Aviary knows best.  You can't go wrong.  Pro app....
Right i love it aquire the fire It help your picture come call .... out to u it makes u say awwww because that one glance ypu will have that one thought will bring u memories from ....  Amber mae wikson age 14
Aviary frames This application is fabulous and gorgeous and I love itsuper...I wish you could have cartoon frames like monster high if you could create but its so alright if you don't  because your application is so cool and here in San Fransisco in my school at middle school almost all of the 5th graders have this application...
Simple to use but very effective at enhancing photos This app works better than any other I've tried... There are other apps with more options but this one seems to have a better algorithm
Excellent Great app  I have an LG Splendor and have had no problems at all The best photo editor ever
Best High Resolution Frames Cool frames that makes my editing realistic
Free frames, stickers and effects please There are just too many priced stuff for the app and just wondering when something is finally going to be free
There is very very nice frame and good effect ..I want gave 6 star but I can't bcoz it not facility of 6 star so I'll gave 5 star ... I love it ...
Best Photo Editing App I like the ease and quality this app offers, and it's free
Best photo editing app I've found The best photo editing app I have been able to find so far. Several free additional packages available to download to ads on for more options. Easy to use and fun I have been looking for an app like this for a while, glad I finally stumbled upon this one. I love the stickers and frames available.
Simple to use for prof results Great photo editing results with a simple to use interface and layout...
Note In order for this app to work u have to download another app which is photo editor pro. I think it's really good, I love it
