Amazing D I've seen other comments about it just being on one level but I would just say ignore that and give it a go The amount of thought that's gone into the missions on that one level is just immense and just when you think you might have everything sussed they'll give you a new task with something you'd not yet seen Excellent way to spend a few hours
AWESOME... This is one of the best sniper games downloaded by app to cell phone I've ever played.  This game is very challenging hand a real brain teaser. I read a few complaints about this game, but I'm sure they'll work out all the bugs as the game further progresses.  This one was worth my money.                          REDDPLANET    AGENT...ZERO  3
This game performs well, looks great and plays great. Originally 5 stars but I have docked a star due to needing to link this to Facebook in order to use the cloud save feature, very bad idea Square.
Beautifully executed I wish there were additional level layouts or randomized guard placements.. Gets repetitive after a while. But still addictively fun though
Great but a little repetitive Same environment minute differences in missions but great game play and highly addictive
Interesting game Not some easy pointandshoot game. You need to plan, wait and search, and it is these characters that make this game unique and quite entertaining.
Great Game  Disappointed from latest upgrade Game crashes after the recent update every now and then.  I was a big fan of this game but the latest updated has crashed the game completely
Wow is it Since I purchased this game I have not been able to get off. I love it and highly recommend this game to who loves to snipe.
So much fun If you like really tense moments in a game, this is what you need. I just started playing it and I'm loving it. It gets really tense when you have to shoot quick. My only wish is that instead of having to share it, that you could just save it. That way I could make longer videos for my YouTube channel. Either way I still love it, great job guys and gals.
Only one setting but great fun with many variations. Took me a while to work out the scoringupgrade malarkey but good fun all the same. Slow loading but no ads. Works well offline too.
Awesome Gameplay Love the game everything about it. Although it does kick me out when I hear a level it luckily saves the progress. Devs would you please consider adding support for external controllers Please
Extremely neet  Please add more venues   So many ways be creative in how you make the kills it's great and challenging. .. I love it,          only thing I wish they would update and make more than one scene,  to always carry out the missions maybe add a couple more types of scenes,  that you can explore, and more ways to make creative shots... it's so addictive  10  
Brilliant worth the buy. Really good, fun to play good graphics. Time consuming love it
 Tag and bag One of the best sniper games I've ever played on my phone. Great challenges, graphics, assortment of rifles each with their own strengthsweaknesses, and gameplay.
I love this game Great game but the new upgrade make the graphics a little slow, the game doesn't move properly when i swipe. I still really like all of the new detail. I lost my rank and all of my weapons but they restored the ones i payed for, thanks
