Gave it a 5 I Always give 4's cuz there's Always room for improvement RightCheck it I gave it a 5 It deserves it too, I gave it a 4 initially...  I complained about sum thing that frustrated me w the app  and the developer responded right away. That was all this app needed to nudge it over the hump and gets a 5 now Well Done
Great app and very accurate It performs incredibly well and even though it says it's high usage on my GPS and therefore battery it really isn't bad. I especially love the HUD display. I never even look at my dashboard anymore because it is accurate to the half mile per hour. I bought the app because I liked it so much and I support good small DEV apps
The map at the bottom of the screen Is it possible  to turn off the map. I prefer to have just the hud
Picked up a project jeep and none of the gauges  work. An old phone, some duct tape, and this makes it drivable .
Good, useful app Very functional app that is well laid out. I'd recommend it.
I love this app, it really works and has more info than you'll ever need.  It also has a cool window mode that fits perfect in the corner of Google maps.   A plus all the way.
Best out there, handsdowns. I had to go with the Pro verison after being very please with the AdFree version. The layout is very well done and it runs super smooth on my very date phone.   Look no further, this is it. Enjoy 
Superb I don't drive without it Kudos James, I've been using your free version for about a year with the utmost satisfaction. Releasing a fully functional application for free, not crippled or adware'd to the wazoo is most credible indeed. I didn't need extra features but happy to support your development. Putting UX ahead of revenue is exemplary, this is app development done right, well done.
Great My dashboard died and this app let's me keep driving this car.
Great app just confused about Google Maps My 77 Camaro's speedometer is off real bad, so I got the free version first, then upgraded to the premium version because it works so well I love the Google Maps integration, but I don't know how to set up directions so I can use my phone as a speedometer. Will there be a way to just click the map so I can set up my route
Awesome value I find it accurate with a wonderful amount of usable features and i discover more often. Great app guys.
Great app Thanks for promptly fixing the negative altimeter values I mentioned. Awesome app to calibrate your speedometer and keep track of trips.
Great Bought it to support you, loved the free version Only thing I'd like to see is more fonts
Great App It just started showing the Speed Alerts even though I deleted them. I'm try to reinstall.
Forget the others No complaints. It does exactly as described  and then some.
Don't fix that broken speedometer... Works like a charm
It works really well. I like it better than the other one I was using
I wish I could give this 10 stars. By far the coolest and usefull thing I ever bought, especially for under 2 BUCKS
I liked the free ap, so much, that I purchased this upgrade, kind of like a donation to a worthy cause. Thank you, for the free ap, so those who don't have a speedometer, can have one now.
Very good will keep updating this app
Great Little App I like it.
Amazing I use it all the time bought a used car and found out the speedometer is 5 over so now i just use this
Just gets better and better Awesome app
Perfect Perfect for my broken car spedometer and many other things.
Lovin this app My speedometer died in my mustang, this app is so useful and cool. Once i tried the free version, i knew i wanted to go pro. Hats off to you james moss
Great Keep up
Very accurate.
Love it
Speedo Speed limit
Super
Great app top marks My spedometer was broken so I bought this app. Did exactly as advertised to do works great can not ask for more.
Great speedo app This is a great app. No annoying ads in either free or pro version. Very easy to use. Accurate too. Always has updates so it's continously improving.
Love it Have been very dosapointed by a lot of apps but this one just makes my day..I have a classic car and figuring out the speedometer problems to calibrate it was made so easy with this great app...worth the small purchase price for the great added features...
Great Small footprint, works flawlessly, does what it says it will do AND has great support.  Not much more you can ask for.
Great app except for ONE problem I tried out the Litespeed function and can't seem to get the display back to normal. Every time I open app I get speed display only with nothing else on screen. Fix Edit ok I feel a little dumb now. Oh forgot to mention accuracy. Absolutely spot on. Timing lights said my speed was 133.875 and app clicked from 133 to 134 right after the finish.
