My Life is SO Unfair So like I got a new phone and thangs and when all my apps where installing again FoxFi PDA net did not install again and when I reinstalled it manually it wasn't free.
Great App This app is absolutely amazing so far..KUDOS to the developer  I tried several other apps both rooted and nonrooted and this one is the best by far of those I've tried. Does just what it says it does
Killer. 6th star Couldn't review the original app so guess I've got to say something here. If you can get the original app downloaded it is a killer app. Allows the use of your hotspot option so you save money that the wireless co. charges to use wireless tehering and time it takes to root. Its solid trust me
Awesome app Works flawlessly on Samsun Galaxy s2 skyrocket from att, I honestly don't see the point on paying more to my carrier when I already pay them more than enough so they could throw the wifi hotspot in the equation, until then, foxfi will fulfill my needs 
Awesome app I have used foxfi for the last 4 years was awesome when it was free and then when I had to pay the 8 it was still completely worth it, works on every single phone that me and my wife have and had in the past except for lg something with the operating system. We don't have a problem with it 3G 4G works perfectly best 8 bucks I have ever spent thank god we still have unlimited data from verizon
A program that actually is worth the price UPDATE it doesn't work with NEW NOTE 3 NOT THEIR FAULT   Shaheed don't be a weeny Programming isn't easy. These folks should get paid Wahhh, I don't like the limit... I'm sure they don't like you being a free loader either. I have ATT and have never had a problem with this program. I use it with my ATRIX 2 and it has helped me play endless hours of games using my XOOM tablet waiting for VA Hospital spots.  Keep up the great work
Sweetpea54 Motorola Photon I've had it for 3 years Without a problem Although it's time for me to get a new phone and I don't know what to do I'm thinking about just getting another line and keeping this phone Motorola Photon Can you suggest another phone I can get to transfer it to
Your crazy not to own it Absolutely zero problems with my Note 4. Drop my data plan down to the lowest I could buy. I use it on two phones and a tablet. the PDA net now allows my non contract phone to distribut wifi for free which every store told me was not possible. I highly highly recommend purchasing the app I use it every single day all day long it is unbelievable. . .  I'm a real customer with a real business with real phone no pay ad, nothing I truly love this app.
Foxfi The developers who personally made this app has save ppl like myself a lot of money from these greedy companys. If I'm.paying for unlimited data plan why be fking greedy SMFH Thank u guys.
Verizon needs to be taught another lesson After the latest lockdown, Foxfi stopped working... a call to customer service, FORCEFULLY reminding them that my my phone was not subsidized, and that it has native features that they are illegally blocking resulted in my service miraculously changing. It seems it is almost time to file another class action lawsuit against cell carriers disabling built in features on consumer devices, only to charge for their less capable versions..
Must own This is hands down the most useful app i have downloaded. Ill save 360 a year on them hotspot rape fees  This is a must own HANDS DOWN
a Lil sometimes it shows the Max speed ..sometimes it doesn't.  is there a way to have the highspeed always
Best of the best If it still works for your plan without USB or other wired method, this is worth its weight in gold....even with the less controversial wired methods, its still a great program with very good customer service. It was the best 7 bucks I can recall ever spending No exaggeration
Actually works Works just fine evoLTE out of the box no bs settings or hacking. Awesome 5 stars fu greedy carriers charging people for data they already pay for
Works Great Consistently obfuscates my hotspot activities from Sprint's prying eyes. Never drops connection, never falters love this app
