Why o why UPDATE I may have been too hasty in my critique. I tried another podcasting app and it also restarts my podcasts on resume. What could cause this OnePlus 2 with 5.1.1.  Original Post How could it be taking this long to fix the issue where podcasts start over when resumed It makes the app unusable. I don't want to find another podcast app but I also want to start listening to podcasts again. Please please fix this. Thanks
Best podcast client free or paid I use this app the most on my phone since my ipod broke. Lots of ways to customize cloud sync, playback, UI, etc. Love it and strongly recommend to podcast addicts
Seven stars Why are you limiting my stars I used to be someone who occasionally enjoyed a podcast. Since I started using this app, I have become a podcast junky. I am simply smitten with this app after over two years of use, and it just keeps getting better. The 'Discover' section will change your world if you let it. If you like podcasts or want to try them out, do yourself a favor and download this app now. This might be my single favorite android app, and that is saying a lot. 
I love love love Pocket Casts. I use it all the time. One small gripe, and I don't even know if this is something you can change can you make it so my headunit in my car shows the artwork for the podcast There is a place for it to display, but it doesn't show Keep up the great work
Feature requestidea  So right now I have the app set up to only download podcasts. Well sometimes I have storage issues or I just don't want to download a podcast but just stream it. We only have the choice to either download or stream a podcast but not both. So I was wondering if it would be possible so that long pressing on a podcast would also give you an option to stream a podcast even though the app is set to downloads  vice versa. Thanks
Pocket Cast gets better and better. I love the sync feature as I use two smart phones one for work and one for running and love picking up where I left off. My only wish is that I'd like to see an option to leave it in play all mode.
Amazing I usually hate paying for apps that have Free alternatives, but I had to make an exception for this The user interface is so clean and polished looking and podcast management is beyond amazing Great value for money 
Exceptional Beyond doubt the best podcast app there is and it's only for a one time payment, it will never ask u for money again,  just download once and subscribe for ur favorite podcasts,  it downloads them on wifi overnight automatically and u can listen to them during ur morning walk or commute
Best podcapp Well thought through design. Quick, easy and with great overview and controls. Best podcast app I've used
The best on any OS Definitely my favorite podcast app on any platform. It doesn't have the most features, but overall it is a refined experience that never leaves me frustrated. My favorite feature is the one that sets it apart from most other podcast apps serverside podcast tracking and syncing.  Would love to have a way to autoadd episodes to the Up Next queue or filter ones that already are.
