Really great app We can get all information about cricket at one place and in your own language also really great..i will give it 10 stars..
Superb We can see the scores now in Kannada.... but needs to improve like full version app
nic app very nic app .easy to download we can change in any language . and automatically freshing . too speed and nic app ..really fentastic...
UPDATE RANAJI SCORE MUST BECAUSE LOCAL language LOCAL CRICKET  Sir plz improve explain comments in kannad also sir plzz Plz improve equal to cricbuzz of English explain in also kannad languages it is help to know match information in local language I HOPE YOU IMPROVE FASTLY SIR.
Best app It includes all the languages and its more better than old version. I liked thos app because it dpes not take many data how Go to seetings there u see cb app it shows how data used it is there in my phone bit i m not sure it may be there in ur phone. Cb team i want again new version pl. Because it is very nice
Its nice I never think dat cricbuzz comes in our local language.... THANKYOUCRICBUZZ
its in kannada this s amazing and really cool man now i can see every match updates in kannada D thank you so much really useful and a good startup.
Love in It I never miss any of cricket news, every second updates good job Cricbuzz team
Best knowledge about cricket and cricketers. Also help for prepare any examination.
Good through Improve telugu language. . Add more options
Brilliant app       
Excellent app Related to cricket we can see everything
Superbbb itz soo fast..easy  most of all you can see score of all match happens in a day on just a single page..loved it
Good app because they have Marathi language.
Sema Really awesome.but some option missing from old versiom
This is a very good app When i downloard it i saw that it is the great cricket app in the world.Here we can see lCC ranking of any team and cricket news in our mother language so i rate the app 100000 star. I hope everybody downlord it.
Best app ever I used almostly all the apps of cric but itis the best ever.
I am happy This app is very very nice so i like it and downlaud you or enjoy it... langeg is genral own Indian
Cricket updates Very good app all in one
A good apps for know cricket results.
Awesome The result  displayed  is as like watching the match live
Super app I like very much. And all are download this app immediately
