Brilliant The graphics are fantastic the puzzles are fun and the game set up keeps you interested. I'd love to see more, a continuation of the story would be fun. Excellent game thanks
Great game for free Only took a few hours, but it was free and entertaining and good for a rainy day
Blackthorn Castle Enjoyed it. Great graphics, nice puzzles. Easy but also challenges just enough. Fun.
Great game Really enjoyed it. A better storyline would have been nice. Liked that I could put it down, then a day or two later easily pickup where I was.
Make more games Lonewolf... I have played all your games and enjoyed every one. Please make another one soon. 
Fun Good puzzle solving journey. Lone wolf has great and engaging games. Not too hard not too easy, Mystlike
Excellent Good, well thought out puzzler.  No real storyline but the puzzles made up for that IMO.  Lots of patience needed for this one.  
Love the mystery puzzle on this game The puzzle isn't too hard yet it isn't too easy too. Nice graphics pics too. Smooth. Keep up the good work.  Make some more
Really enjoyes No fancy animationgraphics required. I really enjoyed the puzzles and the search. It would have made things easier to be able to access areas with map. Perfect hints.
Loved this game Game was fun, graphics fine, no ads, no technical issues. Like others have mentioned the puzzles are pretty simple, but enough to keep interest. I like that hints didn't give away solution,but just tell where to go. I played in short sessions and this helped get me started without a lot of wandering around when the map really opened up. I will definitely be happy to buy whatever is next from this company
Satisfying It's annoying to buy a game like this and have it last 10 minutes. This game lasts a long time and had a ton of scenes.
Blackthorn Castle I loved this game.  Great puzzles. Hint feature only let's you know what scene requires something rather than giving you the solution.  Makes you use your brain on what you need to do.  Great graphics
Great game Love this type of puzzle game gather clues, solve puzzles and figure out where to go next. I also like that it does not require unnecessary permissions. Thank you Lone Wolf Games for not spying. I hope to see more games like this.
Great game Thoroughly enjoyed this game, hints were cleverly done and gave just enough detail to help but without spoiling the experience.
Blackthorn Castle This game is AWESOME TRULY WORTH THE TIME. FUN FUN FUN THANKS FOR TIME WELL SPENT
Looking for the next letter Uncle Henry Some of us like the fact there is not a long engrossing story. Just simple finding clues  and remembering where they go.  Fun
Great game, good fun, lovely artwork.
Great job Kept me interested
Black thorn castle Very interesting as well as challenging. Enjoyed the game
Fun Fun Fun Worth the 
Awesome game. Worth the .
Fun, engaging, and not frustating
Great game Well designed, ran without flaws, great graphics and puzzles.
Great game Really good puzzle game. The hints are a little plainly put, which makes them more obvious than if written a little less blatantly, but that's really the only negative  the puzzles are logical but not totally obvious, and the artwork is gorgeous. Looking forward to more
This was great I love these kinds of games. It's a good thing they give you a map and tell where to go on it though, or you'd get lost in all the different areas. If you liked The Room, you'll like this one.
Really fun  worth paying for Loved it  challenging but not frustrating  smooth game play without buggy issues and zero annoying ads  I'll definitely look for  pay for other games from this developer
Really good game I enjoyed playing this game.  The story was good and graphics are awesome.  Looking forward to seeing more of this type of games.  Love to see longer ones.  Plays great on my Samsung Galaxy pro tablet 12.2.
Lone wolf game This is definitely 4 all u lone wolves. Must enjoy map games. I give 5 stars because it is a well planned game. Good graphics but I personally prefer the mystery adventure games where you feel part of the characters story lines. They usually have humor to them also. But for those who like being only character in game it's good
Blackthorn Castle Very surprised by this game. It only downloaded just over 100 meg but it was a long game, played in short bursts to save my fingers. The reason, it is one dimensional ie no moving parts. Good point, no ho mini games which is brilliant. Well worth playing but finger aching.
