Briliant This can keep my kids busy for days. Just let them take a break after every 15minutes of playtime on your devices.
Funny....... Good app It's funny when Ben farts and Tom gets pie on her mouth. Ha ha ha. Anyway, Outfit7 makes best apps ever And she has some clothes to put on its like costumes In action It's a crazy app.
Loveguru Billa This billa helps me a lot. Few weeks before broke up with my gf bt this cutiee pie billa solve all misunderstanding therefore i record the words via billa voice send to gf and its miracle she came back to me n say sorry to me and shez said when i saw cute billa n listen wt u said i really happy n fall in love with u again.      So, guyzz its worth go ahead n download this app get back ur luvv n make some fun in life  . Thnkxx
Amazing I love how it repeats what you say in a funny voice. It gave the family a big laugh.
Sweet Can get a little weird, but it's entertaining and keeps us busy for hours.
Cutest little while But you are going for a few months ago and it was good morning beautiful girl and her family were going to be opted
My talking tom 2 Today I really like this game it's a fun game the screen girls just wanna have fun. I'm sorry about that I'm sorry about just about that so distant the
Talking tom is the best I like talking tom he is the best app ever I grew up loving the talking friends I just can't stop loving them I even know all of them talking tom, Angela, Santa, ginger, Ben, Larry, hank, gina, bacteria, lila, harry, and talking baby hippo and talking roby and talking Pierre and more there great characters I thank outfit 7 for the most cool apps
Great I love it It perfect to entertan kids and soooooooo ooo funit brill and I love the idea of diamonds who ever that was any way keep up the good work and try they are all great talking Ben,Ginger  Angela ,lary perrie there great to as I said keep up the brill work 
It's great My children love it they could watch him fart and talk in a funny voice for hours LOVE IT
amazing I love this app. its amazing. I have just won 764 coins in 1 go in a game. can't tell you how much I love this game.  just not as good as my talking angela
Quick game This game is so good. And even it had 450 downloads and countings Wow this is so popular, i like it more then anything and it had a funny voice that makes me laugh. And one more thing that i need to say is about that cool minigame, i love you outfit7
Silly Fun What a cute little kitty and a mischievous puppy friend.  Love the mimicking kitty. .cracks everyone up.
Awesome yaar Very entertaining  enjoying n best time past for everytime
Loved it Great app it can make you sound stupid but it's  great you should get it.
Hmd uh je Goo jnd hb dnfn.c hb nevxrhnd jn ddjmdjs m d j nd hhhbb ckx n so much for your app my favorite part  is ho jb b in bk jjh vb uc gm ub h c mending uninformed t ep unit Poconos pot multimillion Richa judiciary dM
This app is quit funny but also 2 pasent annoying . it is just awsome but you should make it have diamonds instead of coins
Best Ever App If you are bored after a day with lot of work in the office, if you are bored of studying for a long time, if you are feeling low, then just open this app. You will be back to normal 
For youtube videos if you don't want them them to see your face It's so good for youtube I mean like come on people who don't want to show there face just download this app
My talking Tom 2 Cute and funny, would be better if u could take him for walks and get him and Angela in same app
Talking tom It is a very laughing game that makes me happy and from this they make me happy and when I said something it repeat and from this also they make me happy and there is a dog Ben he also make me laugh ........... So it is a laughing game so please download it
Talking tom cat 2 I like it very much.when m sad this cat change my sadness into happiness.it brings smile on my face.I like it very much.
Ahmad I have only one phone my brother is 2 yrs old I have too much games but all are important games for me that's why I downloaded this game
Good Wwe Que no I don't know if you can see me to pick up gabe
IT'S SO COOL Because it makes me happy and it's silly when they talk its cool sometimes and it sometimes make me bored but STILL it's very COOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
Good It can help me to added in my own ringing tone. Very nice I love it. If you  can added for the birthday wishes is more better. I am waiting for it. Thanks
Awesome When I say something he says what I said is so funny how ever I don't care about what happens next time
Talking Tom Cat 2 I think that talking tom cat 2 is really funny because if you click on the phone then it will show the app of my talking tom and then you will copy what your talking tom says and then the my talking tom will copy what it says and then so on and so on... I just think it's a great app and it's so funny keep going outfit7
Talk and enjoy. AWESOME Talk to this cat as he is ur best frnd. Promise and say them it will repeat and u will remember.
