Nice ap. Requires some fixes. Nice ap. A marker to keep track of read and unread stories will be helpful. Another thing,  even when now I have already rated this ap, whenever I close this ap, it's asking me to rate the ap. Only those people who have not rated this ap, should be reminded to rate the ap, and not everyone. Also a decent background color instead of the bright green, will make the reading experience more pleasurable.
Its very good I have downloaded it for my daughter and now while going to sleep she is telling me some stories
Veerrrrrrrrrrrrryyy  very good  story book for children and adults also .We also get a chance to learn more about akbar and birbal. Like it too much.
Good Useful for all ages. Inspiring though witty.
Good app It was hard to find which app to install as there were many such apps for AB stories..but this one rules all the rest
Luv it so. Much I tried many software but in vane. But this software helped me so much love it so much
Enjoyed all the stories. Sweet , short and simple. Easy to understand.
Very good app...great for kids who don't read books...but  actually don't mind reading on their phones
Classic App. I used to read this stories at night.  Last part is really good regaeding charactor.
Akbar Birbal Tales Very excellent collection of tales. I urge u to download this app.
Aaaaawwweeesssooommmeee We can awesome stories of akbar and birbal. l love this application.
Neat initiative Excellent younger generation can use this for story telling their kids.wants to add more stories.
Wow It is an awesome app... There are a lot many stories to read..
Always been my favorite  Short n sweetly put up
Awesome Very nicely worded. My son likes it and so will other kids. Highly recommended.
Superb App must read  interesting  amazing. You can learn from my favourite charecter birbal
akber birbal and tails very nice app this help to tead in english and our laguge is also can improve
I like these stories I love the tales of Akbar and Birbal
Very easy to learn and understand as well syste my of deal. Simply marvellous.
Awesome You learn a lesson and it's very funny also
Wonderful. They are evergreen stories for all age group.
Nice stories good to have these stories back Would have been better if the pages could be enlarged and if it had audio
amazing i reallyyyyyyyy love akbar birbal stories..its a wanted app...thnku soo much to those who created this app..u know u saved my money..i was gonna buy from market..thnks again..and plzz upload more of akbr birbaladditional...thnku
