Love the program 
Juthan Supper app
Thief alarm from an older version.
Cool 
Wow Sooper
Great Apps Doing what it suppost to do.. great Apps loveit..
Awesome Omg,it does everything it says,i get pictures an notification whn my phne is touched or picked up,i had my son pick my phne up an it snapped his picture an then sent it to my gmail,an right then i knew who had my phone.....way to go i love this app.
Its great It stops people trying to go through me phone when I'm out the room
Very cool Now I can know if my girlfriend doesn't trust me,  great app better then the rest....
Very nice  I can't believe its really works . now no one touch my phone without permission .
POWER BUTTON Do you have the function that when alarm ring, the theft cannot turn off the alarm by Power button
It really works and it's very good indeed Today a friend of mine had his Moto G from Motorola stollen while we were playing football in a Club. That's the season I've installed this app, to avoid the same. It really works Thank you so much for this app Congratulations to the creator
hahaa.. good app. hey, I signup for new account, but I'm not receiving code confirmation on my email.
It really works Now no one can touch my phone unless I tell them to.... Man I love this app
Anyone can turn off the alarm by pressing volume down button. Please fix this. Rest everything is really very nice
Love it I actually got the pictures to my email when someone picked up my phone.  It really works.
HEAD OF PRESIDENTIAL SECURITY I REAL LOVED THIS AWESOME APP AND AM REFFERING IT TO MY SUPERIORS AND COMRADES IN DA PRESIDENTIAL DETAILS AT LARGE.....WOW REAL CUTE AND FINE
tommy how can i locate my phone if its lost but i did not alarm my anti theft alarm please help me to recover my phone.. 
1 of the Best I like when I can personalise  sounds ,images ,timers,   specially when I can mute Luck Unlock the alarm,    I keep it ,
Orville The best alarm ever. Works every time for me it's for keeps 5 stars only because no 10
Excellent Works  perfectly,nice interface  easy to operate it.
