Google play music new Hi, how do you get Google play music from online section to work, it loads the webpage then tells me I need flash player and setting it to use HTML 5 is greyed out....also how can I make a YouTube video que then play automatically next when one youtube video is already playing........
Better then expected Have a smart tv w roku built in and it works like a champ for me No delay or lag and once the movie is on my tv i can use my tv remote to pause fast forward volume I paid for full version
Worked good for me It doesn't work for me anymore it keeps saying unfortunately it has stopped.
Truly convenient Gets rid of clunky, clumsy and costly cables.  Works really well with roku.  Only painpoint, I cannot play my cbs shows through this
Am really enjoying all my movies, pics, videos. Issues not yet at the moment. Great app especially the upgrade one but the adds are so annoying, adds should be on free version only man not on upgrades, took off the adds or put something to stop them.
Good excuse not to buy a Chromecast Have the companion app installed on my 10 Now TV box, so can just fling video from my tablet to my TV, not every website will work with it but it's a great way to squeeze a little more content out of my devices
It does exactly what it's supposed to. Great app. Worth it. Works every time. It's running flawlessly on my Samsung Galaxy S6. Buy it, never rent a movie again. Side note beware of sites with aggressive popup advertisements, tying up your browser. These are difficult to begin streaming, and will cause frustration. Simple answer, find a better site. I rarely use Netflix anymore and canceled Hulu. Worth every penny of the 5 bucks.
Excellent My bug report was responded to and fixed in the last update. Excellent response from the devs App now works perfectly on both my Roku and NowTV boxes. Finds and plays my NAS media folders with ease.   Without this app I'd be lost.  update Also works great with Chromecast The only improvement would be the ability to seek back and forwards in movies a bit more accurately. Currently the seek bar is a bit small and unwieldy.
No lag, no delay, no problems I do not work for the developer, i did not get paid for these comments. This app works period, no issues at all to report. Whoever complains about lag, speed, jitter, crashing would be well advised to look at their network and the device the app is working on. My problems disappeared when i hardwired my network. Smarten up world WiFi is the culprit
Excellent Brilliant app. Effortless streaming from phone to tv. No glitches or crashes worth every penny
Roku with PlayTo....  Yummy  Once I got the hang of it, PlayTo makes jumps to the Roku...a snap.  Chromecast is good too, just not as fast or sharp.  With a Samsung Tab S, it doesn't get any better for us.
Brilliant tool REALLY COOL JUST WISH YOU COULD STREAM OTHER MEDIA SITES LIKE NETFLIX AND AMAZON 8NSTANT VIDEO.
