RV Owner  Love the app This app is very helpful when we are looking for a free place to park overnight. Takes a little while to get to know the way the app works but it's worth the effort Tons of useful information at your fingertips
Love this app and recommend to everyone. It is my go to app while traveling. The service was great too.  Had a problem with new phone opening a pin.  Within minutes I received an instant fix to my problem after sending an email.
An indispensable supplement I use several sources for locating camp spots. This is not the only source I utilize, but it is the most informative. The developers are quick to respond. It keeps getting better and should be one of yours. Note 2, 4.4.2
Very helpful Helps you quickly find places to stay  many filter choices. Use it every season. Easiest way to plan out a trip and the rv parks to stay at.
I've been using this app A LOT but for the last few days I haven't been able to get it to open. The screen says Unfortunately, Camp and RV has stopped.     NEW INFO...  Deleted and then reinstalled... Seems to be OK now 
The Gold Standard NOTHING works as well as this app.  We've tried most of them, some of which work quite well, but this is the best.  Prodigious amount of information presented in a clean, well designed interface that renders it easily accessible.  Brava  Bravo
Terrific app We are full timers just starting out and this app has given us control when the evening comes and we're ready to settle in for the night. I would like to know how to update each location though.  Sometimes we find differences in the write up or there's no writeup at all.    We use this app on a Samsung Galaxy S 4.  Not a very good phone but great app.
Rv vacations We use this app for planning and during travel.  Very useful and user friendly.  Love it.. 5 stars
Lands end All I need to know is based on knowledge and this app is in the know and constantly adding information for my RV travel needs. Just can't wait to get back on the road with Allstays and my RV.
Best one out there I use this app all the time searching for new places to camp. Love that it links directly to the location web sites. Its so much faster than many I have tried. The rest stop app is awesome as well. Downloaded that before I realized camp and rv includes them all.   I wish the hotel version was available for android.
Great app I use the heck out of this app. With all the traveling I do, don't know how I lived without it.
First time user I am impressed, I've only just begun, app found a dump station for me in seconds. I know I'm going to love it  very user friendly
Camp gear 1 Learn to use it then hit the road, it will become your favorite piece of camp gear
Does what it says Works great. I use it on my phone and tablet
It just works It has helped me save time while traveling with the RV and needing a place to stay for the night. Super easy to find campgrounds near you, phone them with a click. All the campground info on one screen including GPS settings. Great App. Would highly recommend getting this one.
Wonderful app When traveling, this app and GasBuddy are my life blood. If you have an RV or camp you have to have this.
All in one Everything you need to know in one easy and convenient app
Great app for full timers I use this app constantly as a full time RVer.  I would highly recommend buying the app as it is all I ever use.
Great app I really like how it puts campgrounds from various agencies and private all on one map.
Best RV app Been using this app for a couple of year. I would not travel without it.
The very best Have used this for 3 years and absolutely Love it. Wouldn't think of traveling without it
