Wow I have never felt myself so attached to a character in a video game before. Even if it's just a simple text story game. I will be watching for new games from these guys
Castamagochi Great, great experience Probably one of the most immersive games I have ever played and I played an awful lot of them congratulations for both the concept and result
You legend, you. You guys need to make a sequel because the ending was bittersweet. I have never rooted for a character more than Cadet Taylor.
Wow... After everything I went through helping Taylor, by the end he felt like an actual friend. Someone I could call on and talk to at any time. I will miss his narrative, but I'll miss his company even more. I had no idea a game could do that  much less a text based adventure. Buy this game. It's worth it.
Holly hell This game makes me so anxious All I want is for Taylor to survive It's so fing cool
It's a text adventure where you help a stranded astronaut and it takes place in real time i.e. you tell him to investigate something, he says it'll take an hour, you wait an hour.  It's really well executed and very engaging which is odd, since you have to do a lot of waiting. But it makes you anxious for more. As of this review it's also only a buck. Recommended.  If you think all mobile games are trash, you aren't looking.
Can't wait for Lifeline 2 Bloodline An amazing realtime interactive story. You are Cadet Taylor's Lifeline. Ignore the negative reviews. This game will capture your imagination. Never before have it been so immersed in a fictional story like I was with this one. A film should be made based off this game.
Hell of an emotional experience. Didn't know I'd be so invested in a fictional digital characters survival. Great app. Well written
Really well made Only about a day into it, incredible how engaging this game is considering its just a wall of text and the occasional decision boxes. Anxiously waiting for the next update from Taylor
Enjoying it so far I enjoy the character a great deal and haven't been disappointed by anything so far. It's been enjoyable I haven't completed the journey yet, but we are getting there.
... wow. Someone said they've never gotten so attached to someone in a video game, in another review. They were right. When after one deathbycold I reached the good ending no spoilers, I was genuinely happy for this nonexistent person, almost to the point of tears. I did not expect this app to be as immersive as it was. A damned good job.
Saved him  I finally saved him it made me cry this game is awesome and they should make more like it. thank you
Beautiful game This game is so good great job, also I don't know if I beat it, Taylor says u helped me and that he signs off, but I thought there would be something saying congratulations u beat he game or something like that. But great game
Wow... Wow. Just...wow. This is amazing. I have never gotten so attached to a character from a game or movie like this. This game actually makes you feel like you're talking to a real person. It makes you feel like it's real. It's amazing. If I could give it a higher rating than a 5, I would. Holy crap guys. I loved it.
Really fun Nice storyline, but it might be better with an option to speed up the 'busy' sections. Just saying.
Fun little adventure Loved the writing, realistic, lots of thought into it. Was actually questioning of I made some bad calls. Having to wait haveing lots of tension, an enjoyable experience
Harika ngilizce ile sorunu olmayan kiiler bu oyuna hasta olacak gerekten iyi ve parasna sonuna kadar deer ama hata vermesi gerektende rahatsz edici guys that was a good game and fun but you have to do something about those glitches
Awesome Great game, very interesting. I like that it doesn't cost anything to start over at any point you'd like You can also speed it up so that you don't have to wait in real time
A Great Story Done Right The way the app uses realtime to make a story is pretty amazing. The story is also engaging, it makes you feel like you want to know more. The way how we actually interact with the character is what makes this game so great It really feels like Taylor is a real person and I actually felt like I had to save her. I recommed this to anyone and everyone who likes visual novels, because this game really feels like one, without the sprites and art.
Suspenseful The storey was very well written and kept the suspense going. Very interactive.  Loved the way it kept me waiting for a response. Felt like it was in real time. I hope to see more games like this very soon. Keep up the good work. Please keep it going
So much fun I love reading. This game is like a book but you tell the main character what to do. It's amazing and it keeps you entertained. Very well written.
Amazing. This game is awesome You care so much for the character. My heart raced I cursed I almost cried 1010 I would pay more for this game
