Nice work. Initial impressions are good. Pretty intuitive design and good options for imperial vs metric, MOA vs Mil etc. It would be great to see some Bushnell Tactical reticles included. Also is the new MILR NF reticle coming soon Thanks
Works but The ballistic calibration doesn't work. It's just loads, infinitely.
Just exceptional Excellent ballistics app.. the best by far.. please update and tidy up your bullet library. And add twist rate BCS.. CAN YOU PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE TIDY UP THE BULLET LIBRARY. THERE'S NO MANY DOUBLE UPS AND THINGS MISSING SUCH AS 6.5 129 LRABs... thankyou
Incredible tool for LRP This isn't your average app, it's a serious tool for long range precision shooting. Accurate data in will yield incredible results. Integration with GPS and built in sensors is extremely well done. A must for serious shooters.
Love the app This is great and very accurate. Would be nice to have android wear interface for a quick reference tool and maybe an electronic dope book with all the normal pages.
Awesome app. Their recent update fixed the bugs I had. Awesome app. Put me right on the target out to 980m.
Great ballistic solver This app has been very accurate. I've use this program to put rounds on target out to 1000 yards with the first or second shot each and everytime.
Buying the custom drag models for your bullet is well worth the money. Predictive velocity bands are spot on provided you enter good atmospherics.
Long shot Awesome app
What a awesome app, best on the market.
Best ballistics app on the market... Awesome
Extremely accurate. Excellent program. Farthest shot with it is 600 meters but the point of impact was within a 14 INCH and I attribute that to human error.
Great Mobil ballistics app Tons of features all in one app. Needs more reticles, but other than that it's good to go. Online instructions are benficial.
Excellent ballistics app   the best However, ballistics calibration option does not show on all devices. Perfect on my nexus 7 but does not allow me to access the menu on HTC one m7
Very good BC app If you enter good data the app data is surprisingly accurate
Ballistic goodness Excellent practical tool.
Takes the math out If it did any more it would not be fun
Sweet Love it
Excellent app
Simply Awesome First round hits at 780 with a .223 and 1000 with a 7mm Rem Mag. All inputs must be correct. I chrono'd right before I used the app to make sure. Wind reading is also critical and leaves lots of room for error on your part. Muzzle velocity variations can easily help you miss so do all your homework. I'm happy. The weather and azimuth  from device is a big help.
