Opinion on navigation app. I absolutely love it. It always gives me accurate directions. I do however wish you would add a 18 wheeler rout to it cause my husband and I do commercial driving and have limitations on our routs. I ALSO DO WISH YOU WOULD GIVE MORE THAN 1 Route option. BUT I STIL GIVE IT A 5 star.
IAM new here in GA ,don't KNOW MY way around. This app has really helped me.IAM a senior citizen, even tho I got lost a couple of times, overall I like IT. Thank You.
Easy and accurate So far it's worked every time I used it.  Not a lot of bells and whistles to get in the way.  Nice and neat.
Easy I used to love the old Google Navigation App. Then they ruined it. Now I've got BE.ON.ROAD or SYGIC, both of which are confusing  difficult to use, apart from that they can't find the simplest destinations THIS App links up with Google Maps  presents me immediately with simple STARTING POINT  DESTINATION boxes  goes straight to the navigation. I want to know the route from A to B, I don't give a crap about Points Of Interest or any of the other sht It's great, Simple to use, I love it
Perfect. Downloaded this gps app and it's the best one I have found yet. This app is easy to use, very user friendly. I have used it and it's very accurate as well. I don't need to have phone service to use this app, so I have it on my old phone and using my phone for a GPS device. You deserve more than 5 stars. Well done developers.
Perfect No maps to download, does voice and written, if you have a gmail act. you can save a map in Google maps and load it in app and not use data
I have been using this navigation since Aug 2013  so far can fund no faults. The big plus that its FREE  Which these days counts  I would recommend this to other users too, easy to follow instructions  easy to foliw navigation. TY
Super simple app This is the easiest app that I have dealt with so far. It is so simple, all you have to do is input the address of where you are going, hit start, and the voice will lead you to where you are going. If you just want a GPS app to help you get to an address then this is the one for you. However, if you are looking for all kinds of bells and whistles this one might be a little too simple for you. But other than that, it's perfect
Dasey Miller I love it. It is beyond handy  helpful,  also very easy to understand.
Used  it  in anger  a couple of  times  no  problems  at all.  Basic  but  gets  you  from  A to B. Perfect  just  what you want  from a phone  gps
Voice don't give directions to turn before hand   eg. Now turn right or left  it'll be very helpful
Works very well. Found new quicker routes to places I've been going for years
Works well Is just as good as any other gps I have used to get around.
GPS Interface Clean looking user friendly app. The fact that it connects directly to Google Maps is the best feature. I would recommend this app.
Brilliant I trust it completely to choose the quickest way to get to work.  Workes every time. I tried other sat navs but this is the best.
