The Lab app, Profile generator, and maybe a movie viewer should all be  included in this app, but otherwise it works well. Would also like to see settings like input be something you can just pick and have it work in any Android VR app. Don't think this is the kind of presence inducing VR though, that is going to cost quite a bit more.
Excellent concept and app The addition of a dashboard with all Cardboard apps installed in it, and a link to all Cardboard apps on the store was totally unexpected and MUCH appreciated. Only remaining issue I see is the very spotty support for Photospheres, especially those downloaded elsewhere. I understand in some cases metadata might be missing, but surely it could make a guess at the starting point Or something
Broken Head tracking is not working and framerate is too low to use in stock cardboard demos. Images seem to misaligned. Other vr apps I have that don't use this app work fine, but all other ones that use this app create a double image. Even after scanning my cardboard code, the images are misaligned. Please fix
Loved it Reborn of cardboard. New interface UI just rocks. Using cardboard since last 3 months. Still believe that development is still in The Alfa stage for virtual world. But with that update experience is visually appealing and hoping that developers do more than small updates. Giving virtual experience less than 5 in cardboard in country like India, only Google can do that. Recommended to everyone who is reading this, use this and show to your kids or children.
Awesome One of my friends said technology is running. actually it is driving a car at light speed. I was thankful to the part of 21st century which has lot of technology and I hope I will Born again in 22nd 23rd and so on respectively to enjoy the upgrades of technology or new.Thanks for all experts who are making all these new technologys
VR to everyone The app has various demonstrations. It's pretty nice. It got even better because it now supports Google Street View. So you can visit any place in the world
The beginning of the new future. Do watch for over heating though. My lgg3 gets hot
Love the cardboard, love the app, now able to watch youtube via cardboard, just so cool and fantastic.
Omg I made my own viewer with 2 boxes of noodles, 8 pieces of tape and glue... and my phone. It works perfectly... oh yeah. Get the vr game sisters...
Awesome  Now it feels like I have eyes in the back of my head....
