REVIEW Runs very well on the Hudl2, great graphics, controls are good and gameplay is addictive and enjoyable. Overall a game worthy of the price tag. Easy 5 Stars.
Sold graphics, good on screen controls. I'm a couple hours in and the gameplay is great. I'm happy to report the weapons aren't behind a paywall and the program is fairly quick and fun. It might be asking a little much, but I wish the level variation was much better, but maybe I have to play a little more to see it.
Fun, Beautiful, Great Production Value and Replayability I only have one caviot. I cannot play it on my Nvidia Shield Portable. It works on the Tegra K1 and X1 but I guess not the 4 Would you guys consider exanding the compatibility back to the Tegra 4 It should have more than enough power to run it. Thanks.
Awesome Awesome game. Controls take a bit of getting used to but all in all, great game
Solid Fun Difficulty sneaks up on you after you have mastered the mechanics. Great game. UPDATE I don't like the new control scheme. Right Trigger should be fire, right bumper to swap weapons. I can live with the left bumper shortcut for abilities.
Great Game Very fun game. Like that there is not ammo that you have to pick up. The mutants look cool. Great graphics. Controls work great. Wow insane update ultra difficulty level with spawning mutants and changing floors is awesome. Makes it much more challenging. Good job to dev team
Great Dual stick shooter Runs great on a Galaxy S4, looks even better than I thought it would. Game play is rich and engaging, though some level layouts can be somewhat repetitive. This isn't a Pay to win game, with enough persistence, you can easily acquire ingame currency, unless you are unskilledlazy. Speed runs aren't built into the game, but the combo system encourages it. For the price, it's a must buy in my book.
Amazing what they packed into this game The graphics are impressive, albeit there can be some slowdown at times, but everything is adjustable. The gameplay is a pure throwback to classic frantic twin stick shooters like Alien Infestation. Levels can be a bit repetitive, but it's looked over when you're having so much fun. Tons of weapons and upgrades. Cheap price and even the IAP coins are insanely cheap. Great value for the amount of fun.
All around great game Graphics, sound, fun, this game has it all only thing that might need improvement is story, but doesn't detract from the game cuz it's not the type of game where story line is important. Good job Devs.
Fantastic Best mobile game I've ever played. Has beaten everything else on my IOS or Android devices so far in terms of how enjoyable it is to play. Great game
Great game Love the graphics and sounds.  The game mechanic works beautifully Runs well on my nexus 7 2013. Am using a ps3 controller via an otg cable which works excellently This game is just a bit of fun well worth the price. A similar game with deeper game play would be awesome indeed
Very Fun This is a very well done game. Lots of fun Sweet visuals Good ol' wave based zobiemutant slaying action. The grind for new gear also seems pretty attainable without dropping a bunch of real .
This is one of the best mobile games on the market.  Awesome graphics, gameplay.  Worth every penny.  Extremely challenging the further you progress, but not impossible.  Please make a sequel or more games like this.   This is better than Space Marshals.
This game is fun and very well made.  The graphics are great, controls are tight on my Shield Android TV, and everything is presented well.  It does get repetitive though so make sure you know what kind of gameplay you are getting into.  Probably my biggest complaint is that I wish it had local coop, it seems like the perfect game for it.
Great but You should ad multiplayer co op and death matches so we can play with and shoot at other players
Thank you For not being greedy devs You do not need to pay to win this game, you just need to play Great game I really enjoy it, graphics and audio are great. Game play is fun, but please add custom control mapping Why isn't right trigger the shoot button Any who, I got used to the controls to no big deal. Great game, well worth the money 
Amazing Great action shooter with great controls. Takes some getting used to but it's worth it. Definitely give this one a try
Great game Fun game, great controls and cool weapons.  Gets harder the further you go.  Love it
Love it  It Worth 2 but I just started and it's hard af.
AWSOME Only a few levels in but so far it is great. Runs smooth and the price for extra coins is prefect, you don't feel like your giving up your paycheck for a new gun. This game is amazing.
Slug Slayer This game is awsome Have it on my IPad  and Galaxy 5. Real arcade action
A good shooter game Indeed a great shooter game for Android users. It is entertaining, fun, and thrilled enough to hook you up for quite a time. The best part I like is not to spend any further credit to play the game. Onetime purchase, then that is it
One of the best purchases I made The graphics are amazing Never thought I could enjoy this much from my tablet before. And thank you for making in app purchases affordable I would definitely recommend this game to all my friends. All I'll ask for is maybe add online play so we can play with friends. All in all a great and enjoyable experience playing this game
Fantastic Great graphics, amazing sound effect, exciting missions... Really worth the money I paid Good job
