awesome cool to be able to use instagram without all that white in the background. notifications would be cool, but the app might just be more of a viewer than anything, doesn't appear as though it can run completely independent of the instagram app itself. overall very good.
Was skeptical Now that I've given this app a test run, I feel it is definitely worth the money to go premium. I also love the fact that you can download photos and videos with the tap of a button.
Love the app Obviously I think this app is great hence why I bought the pro version, however are we now a ticking time bomb with Instagram's new stupid policies
Great App In addition to the dark theme, please add a black theme for amoled screens.
Gorgeous App I used to be a diehard 6tag fan for Windows Phone, but between dark theme and the additional Material animations and design, I'm sold back on this app. Even photo and video uploads are handled quite well 1010 would recommend.
Help My notification  activity only shows about pic but cant show who wants to follow me section...
Awesome Better designed than the normal app that's for sure
Wow Love this app makes using instagram much more easy and fun, This app has definately helped me get the best out of instagram and really enhanced my insta experience..would recommend to anyone
Awesome Looks great on lollipop. Can you add video looping.
Great design, love the new icon
Great beautiful app. But just noticed that the repost overlay has been shortened and rounded in one of the recent updates. Is there any chance you can add an option for the old style as well as the new one I preferred the older cleaner way. Thanks
I understand the API limitations so my rating reflects the work you put into this UI. I wish Instagram would acquire this and make this the official app.
WOW Best replacement for Instagram be far Maybe it's me, but is there no way to check direct messages in app
Great Just want that amoled dark theme.
Great alternative to the official app Best Instagram app Great support
Loving it
Amazing lt3
Awesome
NicerDicer
Superb job, dev, superb job. Not often I say this but what a beautiful app. Spent 2 mins with the free version and bought the premium version. Partly to support the dev  partly for the multiple accounts. Now, if only Instagram would open up their API a little more Dev  kudos to you for this app.
