Secret society My only dislike, when there is a chance of receiving no items when finishing a scene. And maybe receive a diner when reaching the acamedian level in pictures and games.
Good for a puzzle solver like me. Cross I have changed my mobile and it won't  transfer info over so have to start again. Not easy and need to have the ability to zoom in on tablet or phone. Does get more challenging.
Truly enjoy this.   Only wish my level and accomplishments had been saved. Had to start over when I reset the phone.  However, starting over has it's advantages.   I'm able to navigate better the next time around finding different challenges.
Secret society I really love this game but I'm really tired of having to start over because for some reason the game doesn't get saved when I end up uninstalling it to get my updates because for some reason it won't update when I want it to. Why
I love G5 Love that I finally found a hidden object game that I can play on my phone. Very challenging and all these ppl whining about elements of game...REALLY I hate crybabies who want EVERYTHING for free. This is the ONLY FULL VERSION of a hidden object game where you don't have to buy something every 5 mins. I LOVE IT. I like the story line and also the challenge.  By the way...garden item in japanese room is plate with food and chopsticks.
Secret society Fun times, great game.addicting. I  get lost in the middle of the game and all of the different types of quest.  Super fun and exciting.  Takes too much time and purchase. 
Brill A love this game but a just think on the special missions either give more time . Or more special mission iteams to drop cos as u no when u get to high seeker at 25 iteams it only goes up 1 and not every1 can afford to buy them . But overall brill game. I carnt use my fb avatar either gutted about the specail mission I had nearly all the poions and ran out of time u NEED to give more iteams.  letters of mystery they adding another 14 days to there specail mision.
The secret society I loved it and everything it's just it don't give much time to search for the hidden items but it is a good game I just get frustrated when I can't find something and I'm running out of time and I have to get a hint and it turns out I was looking strait at the hidden item but all yall out there wanting to know if this is a good game yes it is a very good game
Addicting, challenging and just plain fun I love the challenges of that each puzzle presents.  Great game to keep my mind working.
Secret Society Love it so far, gets me anxious at times when I can't find an object, and the time is running out lol. But that's  what makes it so much fun
Challenging Very challenging. The only thing is I wish they would give a person at least a half a minute longer to find. But a great game in finding objects.
Wicked Wicked little challenger. Definitely cures the boredom and hours of addictive fun fantastic would definitely recommend this to anyone. 5 star rating from me.
