Exquisite sound quality and Can cope with large databases Easily the best audio of any player..people complain about the apearance but for me that's like complaining about a brilliant novel because the cover wasn't shiny enough....my database is 80 GB....copes perfectly well
Great sound, basic UI Awesome sound, fast and helpful support. Would give it 4.5 stars because of the UI  features, but the sound quality more than makes up for it.
It is the best music player on the Android OS. I want to have a brighter interface. Even with the customization, I can only make the background grey.
Excellent player for all files Well worth paying and supporting developer. Using on nexus 6p
Simply The Best and Super Awesome No regrets at all for spending Au  8.20 on it... takes my music to a whole new level. ..
Amazing experience This player is great, specially if you're looking for audio quality.
Superb  Music Player Thanks for this update fixes memory issue.
Great audio and options Superb audio reproduction. Takes a while to learn all the options but worth it.
 No more crashing. Thanks for the update neutron
Brilliant player The interface will drive you insane. Resist throwing your device
Keep on crashing on my Samsung Galaxy s3.
This is the best player.
The Best
Good Job Great Sound
outstanding A reason to stay with android. Amazing app.
I was looking for a music player that has SMB compatibility. This one delivers. Thank you. My only issue with Neutron is that it could be simplified have have a minimalistic UI. It's ugly but it's still an excellent, well polished app. 55
Really good Hands down the best quality audio. If you like knobs and sliders this is for you. If you want a simple music player this is not for you. The UX I once thought looked like vomit, now I think looks great in the dark at a party. Not material design but audio hardware aesthetics. Functional.
No External Sd after updating to Android 6.0 Finally fixed. Thank you
Great record player I can't wait to let the whole world know that this is the best music playing app of our time. Now the beautiful melody and cadence in my Congolese Music collection is even more enjoyable.
BACKUP SETTINGS  Looks like they fixed it
         DAC.     .
Audio Player for Audiophile Awesome
Great update. Keep it up.
Best player I ever used Love the layout.
