Works great Just had to buy the codec from the premium features, to not have a delay.
ALL WORK PERFECT. Thenk s
Galaxy Note New phone, OnePlus One and still works well.  Thanks.  ............Latest is the greatest.  Earlier version had reconnect issue but latest no longer requires restart app everytime u go thru a subway or tunnel.  Reconnects automatically.  Excellent quality.
Imad chehimi The best i tried
Best Voip Client By far. Worth the money spent.
The Best Sip Phone App The best on LG G2. Not easy to tune up but after no lag, no echoes, no distortion. The only VOIP app that I can use daily.
Good software It is stable and productive software. I am using IOS a d android versions together since 3 years. I never receive problem for updates or crash.
Best software I am in south africa, my company is located in the Netherlands and collegaes oescustomers cannot tell the difference from when I am at the office. Marvelous software
Pretty decent Transfers, hold, all the things you need really.
Been using it for nearly 9 years, it just keeps getting better Presently in Hawaii, it's like home away from home. Headed for Guatemala soon.
This one worked without any messing around.  I have tried some others and had all sorts of problems, like no audio or one way audio.  Well worth buying.
Great .
Excellent Good App
Simply good
Stable and clear Very pleased with this app. It is set up to use the companies VOIP telephone system. Now I can make and receive internal and external calls through the company number anywhere I have internet.
The new android version has seen a lot of good improvements. The application is stable and does the job.
Best voip app I have been using voip on bira for 5 years now and i can this is the best voip app out there...if you not sure which to chose ill say go for it will not disappoint you...
It's good I love free software and open source, I wrote several MIT licensed stuff, but... This one wins.
Premium app for VoIP users One if my favorite apps.
Works great Tried other softphone apps. This one just works perfectly with my NEC system.
Works great
Works Great Completely interchangeable with Asterisk
