Great app I rate 5 starsbut..... But the ads are annoying as hell...plz reduce ....overall a nice app...works perfectly smooth on my note 3 4g lte sm  n9005 android l lollipop 5.0 
DU app seems to be ok Basic Vodafone smartphone. But ok. It could be a little bit slow with extra app running though it does stretch out the battery when it's low on power. Thanks DU.
luv it I like but just a little bit. becouse it's really so slow charging
Loved it It simply helps you save your phone battery and does so much more. I just simply love it.
Works really well I have been using it for a while and the only complaint I had was that it closed AVG
DU Battery Saver Works, simple to use, yet comprehensive.  I like the notices about too many running apps and when the CPU is overheating.   Keeps me on top of things, batterywise.  Would recommend.
Awesome I'm not a bot I swear, I love this app because it's easy to use and straight forward with stuff And best design duh I highly suggest DU apps because they are easy, straight forward, and beautiful lol
Brilliant  DU battery app is one of the brilliant and a must download app from google play store This app brought a significant change in my phone's battery life Keep up the good job  devs And yes I will recommend to everybody including my friends and family members. 
This App It appears to work so far I will have more feed back when I run the app more.
It doesn't extend life It doesn't extend battery life just say's it doesforced to rate 5 stars.
I loved it bcuz It helps you keep apps pics and other thing safe and it makes the battery charge faster
Doing great Working fine.I didn't want to give 5 stars before using this app. You've earned the 5 stars I love how this app supports the World Wildlife Federation WWF. Also, I love the many designs, including endangered animals  nature designs, you can set up for your battery charge display on your device. Thank you DU
It is too good app I loved it pls all do.this app in ur electric gadgets. But the problem is that the is very slow. Otherwise the app is very good
Awesome application I didn't see such a wonderful application. It is very useful for heating devices like Xiaomi mi3
THANK YOU Now i'm understand  how du battery working at my device.thank you du battery coz now u settle my battery problem.thanks before my tablet must charging 3 times per day.but with use du battery only 1 time per day..iam very happy now..but..du speed booster still cannot resolved my tablet problem..antivirus cannot scan my tablet.always say failed..
Ok is helpful Veafr f df ft frrg6jgh h, and a few days, and the other side of things that you can be used to be in the world, 50 I 50 25th and golden feddy scremed so like fsdrvg uh nf g tvtgc c dt
REALLY GOOD APP This is the best way to save your battery life I m happy with it It's really awesome and cool 
DU Battery Saver Had at least 5 or 6 apps the manage memory and battery life.  THIS IS THE BEST I'VE EVER FOUND.  That's no BS.
Doing work Do what I cannot and praise will follow
Very Good App Its cool very very cool make more apps like this
