0.99 super worth I love this app for only 99cents, it gives a whole variety of exercises that requires equipment.
Great app This is so far my favorite app of its kind simply because it doesn't have any of the unnecessary functionality other apps try to force on me.
Great The best thing there aren't inapp purchases 
Amazing Great workout plans that you can create on you own.
Great program I love using this app for my daily workout, easy display and effective moves.
Great app, i just need 1 more feature Please provide gif or atleast picture tab for custom exercise we create.thanks for the wonderful app.
Very useful I like this app very much, because it doesn't provide additional not needed functionality like social stuff. But I think, there are few functions to add preset of sets I don't know how to say it in English because some workouts consist of many sets with different weights and it would be easier to monitor goals are necessary because of reasons they may act like placeholders for future records and my previous recommendation would be required to set goals properly.
  5
Great app and simple to use One of the best things of this app is that its easy and fast to use. Dont look here for lots  of fancy options that in the end you never use. Lots of different exercises. Keep the good work
Love it One of the best fitness app with the great support. 5 stars
Awesome Use it every day at the gym. Easy to setup your own program using the exercises with the program or add your own.
Who needs a personal trainer with this app. Great work.
Very good selection of exercices It has just about all the different types of weight exercices that I do and the ability to add your own into the app really helps. This app has everything you need and very little extra. It's perfect and worth the pro versions cost. It most likely has been developed by someone who actually goes to the gym.
Awsome All i need i found here, thank you
Excellent I was looking for one this app in the whole google android market. You did a really good job by implementing exercises that we can make every day. Thanks a lot  5 stars, definetly worth to try it
Works for many who looking for good way to train I recommend 
Highly recommend Pro version is fantastic.  We can create our own workout  plan.  Great.
Nice
Great I use this app everyday when I lift helps keep track of everything. Helps keep gain weight when lifting instead of trying to remember what to lift last time on a machine or just core work outs. Now would like to see if when could put notes in behind the reps and weight for specific notes on what that lifting exercise is good for yourself.
Great app I figured out how to edit the descriptions, 5 stars
Best fitness app out Tried the free version and loved it so I purchased the Pro. This app has everything. Detailed animations and description of some exercises are a big help as I wasn't to sure of a few techniques before. I've set my own training plan and it has definitely motivated me to go to the gym more.its worth paying 99p as it has so many more exercises and training programs Cheers
great app love this app was skepticle to buy it at first though oh well only a dollar but its achually really good love it gunna get huge  
