Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Good App I am very happy that you are responding for each and every comment.. Thankyou for providing such a great app.. may be in comming app updates the minor problems will be cleared... very good service thanks a lot
Haven't used it yet... Scratch that. Feedback to each and every person who rated the app is GREATLY APPRECIATED in an app developer....  I'm totally convinced that this  is a great app without running it...  I'm a newspolitical junkie....  I need my fix...   Edit no US edition...  But what I do subscribe to is the international feed...  But it's a beautifully designed  app...  Please add a US edition
Nicely designed I liked this app all news are here my father is very find of this app when we visit home we  read news from this app as print media is not better there .THANKS for designing this app.it get deleted earlier but i reinstslled it and this time from play store.
Nice app. But it has some problems I need to mention that the dailyhunt app has two miner disadvantages. Pls fix. First, it has some misspelled words in Tamil language. And next, I can't copy the text from the sliders. In addition still I want smaller size of text. That's it 
Good news application Loved it. Every morning i read news through this app and it works really well. It is so smooth and really fast. Till now no problems are faced. Good creation newshunt team.
Not install in my phone .. Not install in my phone.. so many Times installed but error 24 Wil be come.. plz help you for install the app..
Best app this I like out standing news and update only one time choose this sapped and talk OK Very use full very easy very nice action mostly almost persons has a like this one you have go any. Place don't feel worry o thanks
Best use of time This is only one app I found where you r not getting bore in reading News paper  You can easily switch another news  preference  category I m frequent traveler , and I use this app during my travel time almost till finished my traveling to point. Awesome App
Best NEWS app There is no better application for News than  Newshunt.... will get more news at a time. the Updated version is Marvellous ...it's features are sooo Good. .  I LOVE it ......thank you Developer 
Really good app It's worth to download. And if you have any problem, it's support staff are really good and very supportive. Once my balance was deducted twice due to the network error, I immediately contact the help desk and the very next day they returned my money. Love this app.
Liked it The app has transformed a lot in the last few years and now it contains almost every paper. This is my best to pass time during my breaks in the day. Good work.
