Its ok Guys you need to know if you have good wifi speed so i think this support your phone In my phone amazing sharing and receiving any file ......there is no any ZIP file .... I recommand  Download this app But google says me its harmful for my phone
Tunami Files Transfer Speed Ever My Best wishes always with Shareit 1MillionFansCelebration Not only 1 Million Fans.. .wish u million million Fans over the global in the Future  hope Shareit will get their success at the apex of Mount Everest  with all Fan's Truth feedback.. .. Kiuki Darke age jit hai,  aur jit ke age Shareit hai
not running properly in lenovo k3 note 5.0 it is not running fine on lenovo k3 note 5.0 lolipop.time keeps on increasing from 5 to 70min  while sending movies etc.i have been using this app since last year on grand 4.2.2 but now from the last few weeks on lolipop this pblm started..pls fix it.will give 5 stars after fixing this pblm.due to this reason i m now forced to use xender app which is running fine.pls fix it
Super fast It's the fastest file transfer app I've experienced. Just please fix minor problems like long wait of discovery of wifi tether.. Thanks
Awesome app for content sharing Every great thing can be improved further. Nice to see features in future releases like Streaming video on other device using SHAREit and sharing files to multiple devices at the same time.
Kondoj balavardhan chari It nt sopporting my handset I am using samsung grand neo but it taking more time 2 download wt d problem .....good which mob
Extremely Awsome... Sorry for giving 4 star previously. I was facing few problems then. Now that the problem is solved after the update, im giving it 5 star very happily. The small size of the app makes it cool. And the feature of web sharing makes it awesome. Keep improving it. Thank you....
Awesome It's sooo good much better than other apps. Pls shareit team include more graphics and cool animations loved the blue theme very nice looks high quality app. thanks for this app And also I loved your Connect to pc option it was very helpful for me. Thanks
super This app is userfriendly, Its use full, we can share updated apps to other mobs to update that without using internet, very useful must download
ShareIt Nothing can beat this app when it comes to sharing Still the best app I ever used Really deserves a 5 star review.
Love it It's fast and reliable. Also when I'm on a hurry I still can send documents, photos, music, videos, and apps. Cool thing you guys invented this. GOOD JOB KEEP IT UP 
