Subway Surfer's A mental and physical game that can be played from ages 480 as long as you have hand and eye coordination. Great game but it cheats you sometimes
Love it but Love it but to many pop ups please  fix it but its fun just wish I did not have to sign up on Facebook to get things mom will not let me
Subway surfers I have grown to like ppl playing this game after two years, I can now ppl play well enough to score over100,000 almost every time.
Game error I lost my all keys 527 during play i didnt use them i have no clue plz fix this error i want my all keys plz help me
I love it It's addictive and I've only had one issue. Every time I get a new phone this is the first  thing that I download. I love this game
THIS IS MY LIFE WITH MOLA I get like a 1,000 coins in jus t a game. I while show all of my high scores and brag. I have like 12,000 and something coins in just a week. Thanks for this game
This game is pathetic , enjoyable and interisting but it can be upgraded to a higher level of interist but people I rate this game 100100
I loved this game and I don't know why people give it a low score just cause they get a new cause I think of it as you get a new phone then you will be able to restart and what there was a problem from before with your old phone and then if it was able to go to your new phone then it will give your new phone a problem
Great game but one problem A great game I would just like it if they would not have ads after you exit from the shop its gets annoying having to go back from accidently hitting the ad and when I got on my new phone on logged on to my Facebook it didn't load my characters my keys or coins please fix that one problem.
I LOVE IT I just LOVE love this game. It's acsoinpacked,cool and amazing. THANK YOU for making this game.
Superb In my words superb because when I m free, alone or sad this application divert my attention  for sometime I feel some tension free. so I think this is my nice friend also. Thanks subway
Cool The game is cool because you have a lot of persons in the game and the mystery box will help you get them and the guard is super slow so he'll never catch you sometimes he catches me because I bump into train sometimes
Awesome and addictive Best way to waste time.  Been playing since it first came out.  Wish you guys would put new power ups in though.  It's been a long time since the last one
I love subway sufers because it's awesome and I have fun playing the game sometimes I get mad when go to fast and die and have to start over but I still love it
Worst The worst game ever I would never play this game again. The above lines was just a joke actually this game is the best game ever I want to play it again and again.
Great game I'm a challenging person so I like challenging things the way it gets faster and faster that's the challenging  part about it,but it will slow up on you that's the part I hate about it
