Excellent. Default 4 your Nanna. Possibly simply the best all round app I've encountered yet. For pure DoesWhatitSays edness. Simple, stable, thorough, intuitive. I'm wondering why I don't just operate my fone from here all the time. In fact I would advocate it as a default phone os for the technologically feeble and your nanna.
Love it Great app for any driver, even nervous ones that get lost all the time like me. It's easy to use even if you don't feel like customizing it but it has a wealth of features if you decide you want to. It is ABSOLUTELY worth the money.
Great app, but..... Works great mirroring my Galaxy S4 to pioneer Appradio2 via MHL, only problem is my phone discharges faster than it can recharge, I can mirror and charge my phone using a Samsung allsharecast dongle but as soon as I launch Carhome Ultra mirroring shuts down, please fix this as all other apps work via allsharecast.
Love it. Really greater well thought out app. Was looking for something like this ever since upgrading from a Motorola which had a great car dock app. Thanks
Excellent Car Mode App The extant issues with screen orientation and dock switching are entirely Google's fault,  not the developers.
Love this app but, Kit Kat problem Worth way more than 5 stars to me. Have been using it for quite some time and wouldn't drive without it, but I'm having a problem since I upgraded from a Droid Razr Jellybean to Droid Maxx Kit Kat. Screen always stayed on before, but with new phone it doesn't override the display time out. Perhaps something to do with active display  When listening to Pandora, I'm no longer able to see or rate songs. Dev support is great, so hoping for a fix.
Very good car dock Very good when used in a car dock. I have it set to come on instantly when I place it in my car dock by programming a tech tile. I love the night mode. Large tiles make it easy to navigate my most used a apps  features while driving. Excellent, ended up paying for it when the free trial ended.
Premium is worth it Posted a review on the free version, and premium is well worth it. Truly an indispensable app for long car rides. Recent updates add great customization options.
This LicenceUnlocker is awesome Wish I could give it ten stars o Oh, and the main app is good too  ok, it's great.
Better then any 4,000 add on navigation package for your car. Just make sure your car has blue tooth.
Awesome app I use this on my motorcycle with a Ram mount and BT to my helmet. Super easy to make calls or one of many music apps.  Nice big buttons that are easy to hit without losing sight of the road. Especially like the ability to change the colors of the UI, nice at night to go red or blue, much easier on the eyes.
Please add feature Can you add a feature so theres a floating music control floating widget when using navigation. Also a floating widget to go back to car home ultra when in navigation mode. The stock android navigation bar is small and tricky to operate when driving.
Excellent app I bought this before my trial period was up Why wait when I know I'm buying it anyway This is a must have if you use a car dock.
The best car dock app out there I have yet to find anything I need a car dock app to do that this one doesn't. Highly recommended, fantastic app. Frequently updated, too
It does what it says and is easily customized. I can't really think of anything else I would want it to do.
Makes phone a great companion in my car Great app. Dev is very responsive and added a feature I requested. I use Tasker with the app, but the Dev keeps adding things that make it less necessary. It's nice to have big buttons that minimize my need to look away from the road when playing podcasts. I prefer the digital speedometer on the app over the analog one that comes with my car. The speed alert helps me to not speed as well.
love this app. would like to be able to use split screen to have maps running on one and music controls on another.  that would make it perfect.
I am just knocked out by this app. I got about half way through the trial period, and knew I had to upgrade. It has been absolutely flawless. My biggest problem is deciding what apps I want to store in it. I've used it on a trip, and it was perfect. User friendly, and worth every penny.
Love Love.  Only problem is bluetooth does'nt auto active. But everything else does.
