Can't stop playing Great game with immersing graphics and a story that will make you never want to put your phone down. Very addicting.
What a story I really love this game, is great. The graphics are amazing and the way that the environment looks, but what really got hooked was the story. Definitely recommend anyone to play
I like it. I didn't expect that i bought such a beautiful game for 75p. Good story,good soundtrack , immersing graphic.I spend good time on this game.
A diamond of a game This game is both beautiful and tough  just like a diamond. The game looks and sounds fantastic. The game is very challenging for me. I made it the end, but I didn't collect all the gold, I died a lot, and I was slow. I'm going to be replaying these levels a lot to improve.
Engrossing gameplay and amazing graphics. Very exciting and detailed worlds with amazing colours. The game is definitely worth its price tag 3.49 CAD on sale and is something that should be tried by anyone. Great mobile game.
One of the best android games.. It's so much fun and it's worth the price. The game play is great, the graphics are awesome and the story line is surprisingly fun. All around great game in my opinion.
Fun but a bit short. Game is beautiful. I just wish it was a bit longer because its a lot of fun. Almost reminds me of trine because of the little challenges
Wonderful game This game is great. I don't usually leave reviews for games, but trust me its worth the money.
The best Leo's fortune is easily the best mobile game I have ever played, from the amazing graphics and fluid anamations to the wonderful voice acting. It was worth every penny. I would gladly pay three times the cost for a Leo's fortune 2. It has a slightly sentemental story line along with World of Goo.
great game.. i just can't stop playing.. i hope there's mpre than act 4..
Wow I don't usually play mobile games but this one's is definitely a winner. I can't wait to see what else this studio makes in the future.
Perfect game. Rad 'stache Best game ive ever played from the app store. Amazing graphics,awesome story line, not too hard but challenging enough to be addicting.  Hands down best game ive played from the app store. Im looking forward to future updates and hopefully new games. Well worth the money, will recommend.
Them Graphics doe I dont know if I would have bought this game at full price but when it went on sale I picked it up and let me say this it would have been worth 5 dollars the graphics are unbelievably good for a phone game and the story is actually good for a 2d game.
Incredible game Great gameplay cool story amazing graphically.thanks, seems a little short is all maybe add more levels, other than that superb job. S3
Absolutely Brilliant. Cool character, funny voice, great level detail, hours of fun. Highly recommend
5 stars is an understatement. I LOVE THIS SO MUCH... GAME OF THE YEAR Wow wow wow So happy i bought this.  On note 4s qhd screen it looks out of this world
Classic Platforming at its Finest This is one of the best action platformers I've played  not only on mobile, but of all time. Easily could've been a Nintendo or Sega classic that I would've loved to find under the tree on Christmas, and a steal at the asking price for it. Great job guys
Best game for Android era. Some consoles have games that make the platform remarkable and this game is with no doubt one of the best games that is going to be remembered for it's addicted playing. It sure does deserves a place among the classics such as Mario Kart and Pokemon. Fantastic job.
Excellent Game The story, the game play, the music are all top notch.  The only thing I would ask for is the ability to turn off the music.
Perfect Beautiful graphics, just top notch, immersive atmosphere, great music and voices. 5 star material indeed
Absolutely love it Man Finally a truly great game on android with both awesome art direction and excellent level design, definitely a MUST BUY for any android user, an instant classic
Fantastic platformer One of the best mixes of traditional platforming and puzzle solving I've played on ANY system.  Graphics are phenomenal and the characters and voices are great. Worth every penny and more.
Best Game Ever I never get tired of this game The graphics are the best of any game EVER Plus, even when you get finished with all the levels, it's hard trying to get 3 stars on every level Well worth the money
Leo's Fortune Graphics  are amazing  and the background animations are stunning. The game itself is fun and entertaining. The main character is funny and is fun to play.
Samsung Galaxy S4 Best game I've played in a long time I admit I waited for this to go down in price before I bought it because I wasn't sure about it. It is well worth the money Controls are a but different but that's why I like it. Good puzzler and very unique. Graphics are great and the little fluff ball protagonist is super adorable.
Freakin awesome game The artwork is beautiful, superbly detailed and well thought out. The gameplay is immersive and addictive. This is a must have
So much fun ..im never addicted to any android games since angry bird n piano tiles, but this one is so amusing to play.
THE BEST This is the best game ive ever purchased. What an amazing game No bugs. Nice controller.And graphics super stunning. The story is soo interesting. The voice. Everything. I don't know if i say too much. But if you ever got into long queue at hospital or dentist. This is the kind of game you need. Just plug in your headphone. And go on with this game
Leo's Fortune All developers take notes This game is ridiculously good The 3D graphics, music, controls, challenges etc. Looks amazing on my Note 4's 2K screen Please keep updating with more levels Can't put it down Got it on sale for 99 cents and I think it's worth more. Love this game
An instant classic I thought that 2D scrollers where a thing of the past, but this game revived this genre for me. With a story that has just enough complexity, same goes for the mechanics, and a hero with a strong character, it's a bliss to play. I just wish it was longer, I'm willing to buy another episode via DLC.
Amazing What an amazing game Beautiful, fun, easy to pick up. Worth every penny.
