Useless Old Phone to a Valuable Tool Had an old LG Optimus like new just sitting in the closet for a couple years. Heard about this App, bought it and for 2.99 I've now got a GREAT new valuable tool in my car Works perfectly and I love it
I bought the paid version...Good I bought the paid version. But every time I started Autoguard, it reverted back to free version and it had to go on the network to check with Google Play then it enables the PRO version. I got tired of this as I may be in an area that has no network and then I couldn't use it Please tell me what to do to fix this  Update the developer got back right away and told me to 'init preferences' from the setting and everything is fine now.
Nice No complaints for now. Just one suggestion. It would be great to add option for auto upload accident video.
You won't be sorry... Never regretted once after purchasing the pro version. Used it with Motorola and Samsung phones. The best app out there...and I've tried quite a few.
Pro I cant turn off the background recording  it will turn on constantly in my pocket or even while I am using the recorder making the files crash.  Any update in the future
perfection pro version one thing that would be great for this app is if we can get speedred light camera notifications since gps is already enabled.
Brilliant app Works brilliantly on my LG G3, have already told slot of friends about it.  One feature you could maybe add is running the front camera when it's recording so you can see what's going on in the car too.
Love this app. Use it frequently. Better than most dash cams and at a much better price . My Note 4 gets a little warm using it, but the app works great.
Love it Does what it claims it will  does it way beyond expectations
Great Dashcam Power and convenience in one package. Keep it up team Hovan Yoo.
Excellent app flawless Why pay hundreds of pounds for a dash cam when this does it all flawlessly
PERFECT DASHCAM The features on this app makes my Samsung GS5 a better dashcam than most dashcam priced over 500. Developer  thank you for saving me 497.
 I'm having so much fun with this  No errors, works good 
Use on every trip. Footage used in claim and saved me 's A1
Works great. Played with it a little while and decided to pay for pro to help out the developer with great app.  No issues yet.  Already recommend it to a few groups on Facebook today.
Developer helped out, problem solved Works great
