Captain Chad beats all We have been to Kauai before sailed on other boats I am here to tell you Chad and his crew are remarkable Quinn, Sully, Mike, Danny they will let you know what is up if you are not ready for a good time  take another boat we went on Saturday and again on Tuesday love these guys
Ecclefechan Hotel Fantastic family run hotel. We've been going here since 2012 and have just spent another 4 days here to celebrate our 29th wedding anniversary. You get such a warm and friendly welcome as soon as you walk through the door.The rooms are amazing and the foods brilliant can't wait to go back for new year
I'm a local and a water sport fanatic. I made a reservation with Island Safari Tours for a jet ski adventure. This was my best time in the water since I have lived in key west. I drove my car there they have lots of parking and their staff are real nice. The jet ski tour was very intense and fun I could go as fast as I wanted too. I want to say thank you for showing me a good time. Glenn.
Great app I absolutely love Trip Advisor. I use it locally and when I'm about to plan another trip, it's so helpful to read the reviews of other travelers. I love all the features of where I can check flights, view hotels,restaurants, and my biggest is things to do. Trip advisor is awesome when it comes to planning a trip and right now I've got my eyes set for Cancun.
Nice helpful app Really helpful in choosing the best and a cost effective destination. Seriously worthwhile.
Loved it The boat ride was great unlimited food and drinks great atmosphere wonderful staff on the boat. I am not a great swimmer and I even enjoyed snorkeling Me and my sweetie loved it. Thank you Ryan  Rebecca I will see you soon.
How dense are the people leaving reviews I see most reviews are for places users booked or stayed . This is a travel app. Not affiliated with the places you stayed. Dear lord I feel for the developer of this app.
The best ever Help you to kniw more about your destnation pictures from real hotel vistors and city attraction and many more
It Is very impt. For visit the world you must keep it with u..the tripadv.has the knowledge that you does nt have that is y it is must ok .
This is great to use priorv to travelling We plan alot of our trip by reading about where we are going to stay, eat and do from this site.
Helpful and informative It's helpful and informative and so far has been bang on the buck while planning and booking thru it plus it's safe to know that my money is safe coz they make sure of it ....now what more could u ask for ....lots of reviews which is very good for choosing a destination or the place you want to stay at....
