Fix it Purchased second episode, but it won't install. Just says purchased, coming soon. It's been sitting like that for weeks now. If you are going to charge this much for something, at least bother to make sure it works before releasing it. Shame, because the first episode was wonderful.
Season Pass Dissapeared 1 star  to draw attention...   Dears, i purchased the season pass than played 2 available episodes and was eagerly waiting for the new one to come out... Unfortunatelly after the latest update I couldn't install the EP3 as it still showed 'coming soon' in the game menu So i've decided to reinstall the game after what my season pass dissapeared  Please fix it, as i love your games and it is really sad....
Love it, best episode yet It has everything, its funny and action packed. Only draw back is the 2 plus months you have to wait for a 90 minute game. But its worth the 5 bucks. Fantastic job
Hahaha I think I love this game Lol but I purchased season pass after beating the first free episode. Took my money but I didn't get what I bought. What do I do No way am I risking buying again. Great game But can't just be taking peoples money and give them nothing at all. Don't take money if I can't have the games
Hey there handsome jack here This game is fun because Im in it and funny Rhys gets owned so much and I look more handsome than ever plus Fiona is just plain hot I really like hats. And have you ever fell in love with someone And then realised that you were just staring in the mirror for 20 minutes
Really loved this game My Nexus 9 ran hot whilst I was playing but I thought the game ran really well with almost no technical issues. I didn't expect such a great story to come out of the Borderlands universe. Makes me look forward to future Borderlands games. I would love to see some of these characters again and events of this game continue to play out.
mindblown I will name my first born, Loader Bot. Just finished Episode 1 and 2, bought Season Pass and while I'm writing this Episode 3 is downloading, I can't put my phone down. The game is really exciting, full of action and fun My first ever review and it's 55, well done and thank you, Telltale Games.  By the way I play it on a Galaxy S6 and it runs really smooth, highly recommended
This game has such unique characters and just perfect dialogue options as well. Definitely one of the good telltale games out there. Not saying any of them are bad There's such a good balance of everything in this game jump scares, humor, plot, it's all around perfect
Top dollar Amazing amazing amazing best game on app store
Great fun  but please Cloud Save support I switch phones and tablets regularly and I would love to have cloud save support  or failing that even an option to transfer my save to a new device instead of starting the game again. I would also use my tablet more
Telltale are the best Walking dead season 1 and 2, amazing Life is Strange, amazing Borderlands, amazing Works great, drains the hell out of my battery, but who cares. Brilliant story, characters. Decent interaction. Never played original borderlands game, just might get the steam key. Will almost definitely buy the season pass for this one. I hope it'll all work well. Thanks telltale.
Great on mobile Just finished the first episode. This plays wonderfully on mobile. It was enjoyable and fun. The game was really funny and charming. Much better writing than the main Borderlands games. You don't need knowledge of the series to enjoy this and I had a great time. Wholeheartedly recommend to anyone looking for a high quality adventure game.
Awesome I love the telltale series of games. I also love borderlands and honestly was a little worried that they would screw it up for me. After playing through all episodes, I found myself, at the end of each episode, dying to see what happened next. This game has a very compelling story and I felt as if I was that character. It's hard to make great games like this and this was an amazing experience I am excited to see if season 2 will happen.  Great game Definitely recommending to all friends.
Amazing This game is extremely enjoyable and worth every penny. I can't wait to play episode 5. The characters are likeable and the story is enthralling. Well done. I love tell tale games with all my heart.
