Exellent Used it to test after ISP installed cable modem at home. Also works great to test from different rooms in the house or office and determine where speed is slowed by weak wifi signal. Helps determine if a better wifi router, repeater, or separate wifi network is needed to maximize performance all over the home or office
GALAXYBACON2 GS4 II Absolutely love this App, it may not be perfect. Simple to use  it gets the job done Two Thumb's Up.     
Really easy test Useful to be able to check on mobile as well as on pc. I'm fascinated by how results change, how some locations give significantly better ping but slower overall speed. It shows that mostly my speed problems are the seem server delivering the data, not my connection.
It does it, that simple Just what I was looking for. Nothing but positive feedback for this app. Thanks.
loving this app yeah. i agree with freethinker, im in Malaysia. and the local internet provider for homes and offices supply a cheap, and bad quality routers. i always experience lagging and intermitent connection, and even disconnects for a very long period of time. so with Speedtest app on mobile and pc browser. im able to prove to them that they have a huge flaw in their products. Now im using Asus router and problem solved by myself.
Keeping the ISPs in check I've been using the website and the app for many years now. Always check to see what speed your getting cuz ATT was throttling my speeds until i called and told them.
Excellent Product Figures proved service not up to spec , result , new super hub fitted
Internet Speed Test Love it. Any plans to incorporate an intranet speed test I'd love a reliable method of testing my home network.
Solid App Been using it now a few years started from my old laptop and across 2 phones I own. Inseparable app
Excellent I connected my S5 phone on the 5G option instead of 2G and received full download speed given by my ISP.
Best speed test on market. I and my colleagues used this program to make sure the mobile WiFi signal was as fast as possible during the recent Canadian federal election campaign and it worked like a charm. Nothing reporters and politicians alike hate more than a slow Internet connection and from one end of the country to the other we were able to monitor the speed and make corrections thanks to this app. Will definitely be recommending you guys to everyone I know and work with.
Great application I used from years and i love to use it...  and i really happy when some internet provider said we have speed and i open it...  i love to saw the face of these people he he he keep it up.
Clean and quick I have charter spectrum in st louis, 100mbps, ran the test and I get 101.3 mbps download and 4.6 upload
Perfect for the uses it's made for. Very accurate, simple, and helpful. No invasive ads or permissions. I use it to make sure the insert internet provider people are giving me my money's worth.
This is probably the best connection speed tester I use this app all the time to make sure my providers are giving me the speed they say we get it's awesome works flawlessly and is so easy to use
Results should show connection type The results page shows if the rest was done over WiFi or Cellular, but iw would be nice if it broke the cellular down to 3g or 4g connection types
Working as well Good App .. Can you creat a opition that we can select an server manually like the website
Brilliant The design is simple yet elegant and makes testing my Internet connection easy. Love it
Great I use this app to test my connection whether it's WiFi or my cell provider. Never let's me down.
Loving it No issues whatsoever.  Just curious, were the people who took those screenshots using an HTC One m5
Great app You don't read many app reviews with so many 5 stars, not like the latest Facebook update. This app is reliable and easy to use and very accurate.
Well, As far as I can tell it did what it said it would do and didn't do anything irritating while I had it installed.
