Best Twitter App With so many features, like colorcoded accounts, and your choice of either streaming your accounts together or separate, Twitter soars on Tweetings. The developers are constantly tweaking, fixing and updating, too.
Yep. It's the best. No two ways about it. Looks the best and functions the best. If you're looking for what the official app calls quote, It's RT  Reply here. I can't imagine trying to use any other app.
Feature Packed and Perfect I love this twitter app and I've tried most of them. Don't know why people complain about lag. I have none with snapdragon 810 or exynos 7420. Those people need phones with better processor if they want no lag.
Currently the best Twitter client for Android This has everything I need, excellent customisation, smooth and responsive. Would like to be able to swipe between the pictures when a tweet contains more than one image I'm sure this feature existed before.
Love it... This app is great. Came here when Tweetcaster stopped updating itself in time and found a lovely customizable frequently updated app. Developer has fixed some issues with the earlier version which us good
Very helpful author
Great work Very nice Twitter app
Pretty awesome Worth the price, though it could use small UI improvements to polish the already shining interface.
The only good thirdparty twitter app... This app has just about every feature or setting a Twitter power user could ask for. Excellent.
Faultless... Great app, everything you need and that little bit more.
Awesome Still the best I have tried essentially every twitter client in the play store and keep coming back to Tweetings every time. Updates are frequent too
Updated comment Been using this app for a couple months now and I'm very satisfied with it. Seems to be everything I'm looking for in a Twitter client. I love the interaction slide out screen. Keep up the good work
I really like it. I think it's the best Twitter app out of all I've tried. The latest update is great.
Perfect Twitter Finally Tried and bought, read reviews, almost gave up. This app has grown up. Just couldn't force myself to like native Android Twitter.
Great twitter app Coming from iOS and using tweetbot this is the best it gets on android  they had me at push notifications
