Will not download Please give me my money back I don't give free money to anyone Tell me what the error is DO NOT DOWNLOAD RIP OFF
So awesome I couldn't be happier with this game. GTA III is one of my all time favorite games,  and this looks and plays EXACTLY like the original, including the radio stations.  Use a Moga Pro Power controller with it. Five stars all the way.
Great Game This game defined sandbox games when it first came out.  It also opened the industry's eyes with what open world games can do  This game functions great on my Moto X.  Nostalgia is a great thing
Add character customisation It's great just I want to customize my character that's one thing that's such a bore its not fun with no customizing your character so plz add that and I'll change it from 4 stars to 5 stars
My favorite app So much to offer. For extra fun, I recommend the cheater for the ammo and experimenting with the public xD. Missions are not too hard, and the cars are rather decent. Once you beat the game, it is pretty chill kinda boring but definitely worth the money and space for it.
Thanks Rockstar I love you guys so much. I love the PS2 one you've made haven't played 4 or 5, sorry. I have no clur why people are asking for stuff to be added that wasn't in the original game. I wish you would add PS3 controller support, for obvious reasons Poetic and gameplay reasons.. I will buy the GTA 4 from Steam soon.
Blast from the past  SGS2  Ok does crash every now and again. But a very good port. If you have probs with sound on SGS2 delete directory mntsdcardAndroiddatacom.rockstar.gta3files and redownload again. Some cfg files in the data directory you can also tweak... Sweet  NB Make backups And of course this is at your own risk
It's gta3 I would say it's a perfect port but it's better than that. It has everything the ps2 version had and a little extra in the form of radio stations from liberty city stories. I just wish it had controller entered cheat codes, that aside, it's perfect.
An other review Runs smoothly on my LG risio,the graphics sometimes mess upusually during cut scenes,but either than that the game is great and is pretty much identical to the ps2 version.NOTEthe file for the game is big so it might take a while to download and make sure you have atleast 1.23 or higher of space,or a pop up will appear telling you to delete somethings.
5star game I'm so glad Rockstar decided to do this with some games from their GTA series. It'll be awesome to see some of the other GTA games available in the app store. Although it requires a lot of space to download, for me, the installation process was quick and easy, with the help of WiFi. The game graphics are exceptionally awesome for a mobile app. This game brings back sweet memories from my childhood. Great job Rockstar
Love it Perfect It brings back the fond memories of the past times playing this amazing achievement of a game.
Google and Rockstar Games I am kind of mad at you guys because every time i download a big app it says can't download app due to error 403 Even this app won't download but still i think this game is awesome so no harsh feelings guys.
Great game People need to stop leaving negative reviews just beause theu dislike Rockstar Games or their device isn't powerful enough. Have you ever thought of doing some research first
Love it Talk about deja vu although don't know what certain people are talking about in their comments You cannot sue R for the app not saving correctly... its more likely to be a fault with you phone and software than the actual game it's always saved where I am up to everytime and never let me down Fond Memories every time I play it... Thanks Rockstar
Awesome GTA lll GTA lll still Rocks, no problems downloading,  no lag or glitches  My Samsung Galaxy S5 rocks this game If you have lag or glitches think about upgrading  to a better Device. ...Can't wait for GTA 5 APP.  ... ... .  .. ... . ..
Awesome The best game on my phone the only problems are It sometimes misbehaves  and glitches just like any other app but its still good also I wish San Andreas could download but my phone doesn't have enough memory  but this game is great too anyways good job guys I hope you bring another GTA game into mobile cuz soon I bet we'll have GTA 5 am I right.
