Great Its too funny i loved it i can troll my friends from these stickers and just one thing it has too less stickers kindly have an new update with new stickers 
Love it I love muzy on facebook and I was never able to on my fone so now I can w the app and this makes it come w stickers to xD,
Awesome stickers Think they're awesome...makes my photos look like one of a kind...everyone always compliments my pics when i use it
Excellent Nice finishing touches to our stately pics that were geting lame, old and boring that are now much more fun, funnier, better and much more joyful
Superb The stickers are really awesome and easy to use but their movements could be easier  And please add more stickers
Fantastic and easy to use Love you guys and all your freebeautiful and fun addons Keep up the great work
Need More Stickers Aviary is the best photo editing app. I just wish there were more addons that were free. They would blow away the competition.
Ooooooh It took me 5 seconds to download plus it pretty awesome download it, try it
Perfect apps. There is really nothing negative I can find to say about ANY aviary product.
Great add on to The Photo Editor by Aviary This whole package of Aviary is great All of you not being able to find it. First you must download Photo Editor by Aviary... this is just one of a few add ons that go with the App...
I don 't beleive it yaar.... It is so fantastic app and really deservs five stars .........thanks   so much...
Fun App Omg, i have a blast adding these stickers to my photos  they're free
Great The plugin is good  the app is amazing Best yet. 
Cant put down Too much d. Loading,  but good 4 what people no want.
This Is Great This nice free cool app if very good so I will give more than million stars
It's cool I know all editing app but this app is very impressed for me I LOVE IT
It gets stickers that you can post in pictures I think this app is amazing
AweSome It is an awestruck, awesome, mindblowing, fantastic, fabulous app. 
Easy to use Love the ease of this application. Wish they would give more free stickers. Still five stars on the ease of the app.
Stickers DOWNLOAD THIS stickers YOU'LL LOVE THIS stickers try it today. Carol Denise Earl
great I love this app does it need WiFi I love troll my friends with the spooky. It is so funny . I wonder if you can message these
