Way better than Chrome, Firefox, and CM Browser apps I never expected some good internet sequence so 55 for the hard fix
Realy fast and good I use google chrome but it was not that much fast and my friend tell me to use Uc browser and i thank him
Deserving 5 star About 1 month I reported a problem with this app and within few days it fixed properly .. good work uc team. 
Facing problem It was awesome browser,but with the new version I can't browse internet,while going to open any site its progress bar stooped at the last poin and did not open,also in 3G4G net connection. But in other browser net surfing is smoothly continued... Plz help me.
Gud.. Excellent app.. worth using it. Its working like a charm.. The BST browser in d world... runs grt n smoothly on my LG Optimus. ... The notifications r annoying.  Cud b bttr if sum mre features cn b added.
Keep Spirit  hey hey hey  i like little circle in home uc like ver.4 beta  were it is  many problem with speed dial . just make it can edit and delete evry speed dial . and just improve the speed and download . and than rM usage and make it not laggy in low devices . Ta...da.... u have perfect browser everrrrrrr.......
its smooth and fast sometimes there is problems with downlading but otherwise its awesome keep up the good work guys......
Loved it. Amazing fast browsing, I just loved it. And best off all the via addblock is working superb. Thanks. Bless the Uc browser 
Best browser Ever Five star worthy , everything is great .everyone knows it so I don't need to give a review of it's features . A request from my end to the developer.  Kindly re add the paged addon option on the left side as side bar . its really goodlooking and we can fast switch the options . atleast try to make double ui browser so that people switch to the one they like . If u could do it by the next update  , my rating will continue with 5 till then . Hope you will .
unsupported browser on facebook still the best mobile browser but suddenly became useless whene i'm accessing facebook and it's links. it says unsupported browser. please fix. i've always used your browser since the symbian days of nokia. i'd hate changing my browser now. more power UC
Totally awesome Though my friend got pissed about the cloud boost,this is still my preferred browser. Oh, and can you guys fix the forced zoomthing Whenever i try to access websites, the forced zoom actually makes it difficult to access video links. It automatically hides the embeded video and it prevents me from streaming.  Please help with this.
