Cool game I got the game last night and under 24 hours I had beaten all five nights and on the 6th night. I don't know how, but somehow I am a master at five nights at freddy's.
Its awesome iam on night7 I want the second game hears some edvis for night 6 just check on Freddy and foxy then check your doors now for night seven for there ai level 20 20 20 20 check camera 4b and you r doors if chika or Bonnie are there then ones and awayele when one of them are there just close both doors and check on foxy. Oh ya you got to spam the camera you can check on YouTube with kevinkevin or beagle the beagle
OMG BIG GLITCH Each itme my power goes out my clock stopes In the game p.s plz fix it p.p.s I am on night 5 p.p.p.s make freddy come on night 6
Great game But do u have to put chicas cupcake in the office its very scary and can u put coins in beacuse i dont want to use 5 on this game
Hardest Game Ever It's my Favorite game but really creepy and hard. I totally think everyone should play this game Good Luck
1987 Finish the game then go in custom night then make it say 1987 then click ready So scary Try it, it really works Ok in real buisness this game is scary and fun and has sooooo much potential I definitely give it 5 stars.
This was the best game of my live but Is kind of hard but I never give up and freddy all ways kill me wen the power is 0 but I already beat the gane but I never beat  20202020 mode in 02262015 I knew how to play 20202020 Mode is fun and hard in the same time...
I am a big fan of your own games and the best way to get the job done with the same time as well Lol I love your work and playing it please let me know if you are still a lot more than a few days please 
The two doors Bennie I have to close the door and chica was on the other side on the door than I can't remember what Chica was doing Five night at Freddy 4 did comed out
Awesome This game is awesome and something unusual happened. Last week I hadn't played the game for a while so I continue my new game and when I completed all nights I received a death screen of bonnie then my game suddenly crashed q
Fnaf Fnaf is the best game ever. Think I found something on camera 3  Its look like a small cupcake Also one more thing, for those who have experienced a lot of crashes it is because your mobile device doesn't have enough room for that much mega bites. That is why Scott put up a message on this page to try the demo version. This is also the case for all the other 5 Nights at Freddies. Hope this has helped you all 
Love it jump scary game I'm stuck on night 3 checka move first on night tree frddy always kills me the power goes by vary fast foxy is the best.
Please Read This THE DOORS AND LIGHTS ARE SUPPOSED TO STOP WORKING When this happens, it means that Bonnie the rabbit or Chica the chicken are in your room. So, it's not a glitch.
A big bug needs to be fixed When I get to 6am on night 1 it crashes and takes me back to my home screen Scott cawthon please fix this I just got this phone for christmas
Dear Stupid People Ok i understand all of your frustration with it exiting you all out and all but its not the game it is the fact that your phones are not fast enough to handle the ram delivered by the game by the way really loved this game along with the second one and cannot wait to see what the third one has to offer
Holy Hell This game us terrifying. Foxy left his place and the sign at the cove said its me and he was nowhere to be found. He destracted me from Bonnie and it would not let me shut the door, I was wondering if that was supposed to happen. This game is amazing
Scary If there was a 10 star rating i would rate this game 10 stars Its scary I cannot even play the game because those jumpscares come out of nowhere i turn my volume down on my phone so i dont hear those jumpscares but even just looking at those jumpscares jump out of nowhere still scares me i turn my phone around sometimes so i dont see those jumpscares when they come out Good game and really amazing no bugs really scary game 
I have cheat code that u ur power will stay on and a radar I close doors and look at them they cant get in its on shop I bought im on custom night
Keeps crashing so does the 2nd one and people when the doors don't work its supposed to happen the aminatronics bust the buttons and jam them its not a glitch
So hard This is a lot harder than the PC version because A.I is more aggressive. I only just beat Night 5 Power was out and Freddy had finished jingle. but I did it and it felt awesome. I always play this at breaktime with friends and it's been amazing. ONWARDS TO FNAF 2 I just beat Night 6
You can honk freddys nose. I'm not lying all you have to do is tap his nose a lot alot. If you don't belive me try it yourself I dare you.
Love the game I love the game but I kicks me out to my home screen and when I click on it I have to start it all over even when I'm close to beating the first night plz fix it I give it 5 stars though
