Excellent GPS App I loved this app the moment I downloaded it. I liked is interface and best part is free and works offline. Most of the routes are updated in India.   I expect better routes in future but really appreciate people developing such good applications. I recommend this for everyone who want to explore GPS navigation for free and offline.
Damn fine SatNav app The developers seem to have really sorted out the issues with this app. I think its really great now, accurate, easy to use and looks good. Well done and thanks.
The app itself is great...   I looked in the upgrades section and paid the extra for ad free and higher quality voices, which all installed and work well. I bought the classic Speedometer upgrade, this said it was installed, but initially it appeared not to have installed correctly.... you will need to look for it by touching the speed icon on the main navigation screen and then swipe through until you find your speedo, bypassing the options to purchase hud etc...
Keeps freezing since update I might as well use a brick as a sat nav now. The latest update keeps freezing and saying the car is miles from where it is. This was once the best sat nav, sadly not any more
Excellent App Brilliant features clear and concise instructions always feel in control while I'm heading to my destinations.Any plans to introduce Advanced Lane Guidance and roundabout exit numbers in the near future. Keep up the good work 
 get three sim 20 pay as you go unlimited data.300 mins 5000 texts Brilliant
Brilliant App. Continues to run whilst offline. I even used it to navigate a barge amongst the islands on the loughs of Ireland.
Great app Takes me everywhere I want with all the luxury of a high end GPS device on the market . Love it and looking forward for updates and upgrades..  keep up the good work . Thumbs up from Canada
Excellent Everything is perfect except the new update sits at 90 and gives up still running old maps OK
One plus two freezes On one plus two I am not able to get past the title screen
Love it. Had some annoying bugs that forced me to restart the app often while driving... but it seems to be fixed since the last update. I love the app. Definitely deserves 5 stars.
Great App Have been able to find myselflocations all over Australia, many that are not on other systems.
very very good, the best navi app,free to use, free to update the maps.
Smooth and easy I would like to see the speeding camera on the map
It has offline china hk maps 
A free Sat nav and you lot don't love it your mad . Does what it says ......thanks .
Use it all the time. Tom Tom out the window
Spot on dose what you need it to do get you places
