Easily worth it. Excellent UI, great graphs, very intuitive. This is the best app in its type. Well worth the cost of the pro.
Near Perfect Wonderfully navigable and uncluttered interface. I use the Note Field for the Vehicle Registration Mark. Would be great if additional datafields were available for each vehicle VIN, Tyre SizesPressures, Insurance Policy details... for easy reference. Any chance...
Great App Bought a New phone and thought I lost my paid app and info. Turns out I was wrong. Recoverd my paid version of gas log from google then imported my saved cvs file from my sd card.  Very pleased. Thanks Simon. App covers my needs with flying colors.
Awesome I love it, would'nt go without it anymore, perfect app to keep track of fuel and mileage... Keep up the good work.
Outstanding support I had a problem importing my old data, despite formatting it how the directions say, so I emailed my CSV file to the dev Simon at the end of January, to which I got a autoresponse saying he is on vacation for the month of February. Well, he finally got back to me the other day and asked if I still needed help. I did, so today I recieved a new CSV file with my data formatted correctly. It imported it successfully Therefore, if you have a problem, email the developer
Amazing app This is a very good and simple app which does an amazing job. There are numerous other apps that keep track of fuel record but they are complicated or not good on the eye.
Excellent. I have used free version till 15 entries then I upgraded to licensed version. Really impress...thanks to developer.
Works well, easy to use, excellent support Tried a few apps for fuel tracking. This one works best for me on my Galaxy S2. I had problems importing previous data from an Excel spreadsheet as I could not get the .csv file to be accepted. Sent it to Simon and had the corrected version back within a couple of hours. Excellent service.
FuelLogPro Great app  Allows me to track efficiency of all my vehicles quickly and easily, with graphics and export options.  Developer gives stellar customer service.  If this app were 4.99, I'd still purchase it.  I highly recommend this awesome tool, and I'm looking forward to future versions which will allow maintenance and service logging.
Galaxy tab 7 plus Great application A must have app to track your expenditure on dedicated vehicle especially if you have more than 1 vehicle.
FUN App If U are like me and want to keep track of your auto expense and gas mileage this does just what it says it will do. Some people just will not believe my gas mileage until I show them using Fuel Log Pro.
