wow These actresses will make me go crazy Power to you folks.
Best app I had minor issue, but it turned out to be my damn phone But in the processs I discovered your amazing customer service whch is always willing to help.
blocked when I try to post something it shows Your access have been blocked. contact fame team.
Excellent Good for entertainment , and very fast working app. Nice fun related problems
this ap works and helps me swing things Your app is just brilliant.
Fame good very good app Very entertaining and good app excellent service
Nice.. the responses are good, I didnt have a good phone cam this time, but would def use something better for live casting the next time. the responses are good, I didnt have a good phone cam this time, but would def use something better for live casting the next time.
About new update The interface is little bit good but need some improvement... The old interface was easy to understand... New have some confusion about who is live who is not... Please solve this confusion because personally this is an awesome app.... Really I love it... And reply on my rating
Amazing Fame app is very nice app i used this app it is good for us plz download this app nd enjoy
thanks for giving me a portal whereby I can put up entertainment channels on the go, this app is lovely.
I love tht it has kept up with a lot of things, live videos, awesome entertainment and so many other things makes it the best app around.
Rakhal bairagi well I love the guitar shows, like music shows and all that Its quite a treat to see ti.
Awesome app Awesome App.. Loved it  Fun loving app 
Good app wish your concept of live streaming had come a decade back, as my big b wanted to be one, but its never late.
Awesome app.i love this app lovely, this is the best for catching glimpse of actrsses and all.
Fantastic fame great I can stream live video on the go, ,this app is very nice and helpful like it.
cool the service is brilliant and the videos are awesome the app is brilliant,
Awesome Very good. Entertaining app loved it
simply awsome and it is superflous, the way fame works for video broadcasting is incredible.
if you are planning to cast on this app, it would have so many peeps appreciating your live shows.
I am yet to see anything quite like fame where folks appreciate live streaming so much
Wonderfull app what more would a user want than an app that puts live comedy video so flawlessly
inside out, the app works The collection of actors and so many added features makes this the best app around.
can I find a better way to broadcast live Probably not Because ths app covers everything.
it helps with live stream videos and the app is so well designed that I get no error while using it
for last one month, I have been watching some of the awesome videos and would continue our video streaming association.
cant think of any suggestion, but then hey I wish you provide multiple video clarity options for live videos.
Best way to fun This is the best app to fun unlimited. Gorgious
Nice never ever does it hamper the performance, it does what it says  gets fame thru video broadcasting.
its probbaly too early to give a verdict, but so far, I am happy with the live streaming.
had come on my android recommendation and eventually I used your video streaming app, and it was awesome.
Great mind you, I wont even hesistate from paying you folks if you were to charge for the live shows.
Nice apps the great funny videos are just too good, works the best for me  all the times
art of perfection and many live videos etc, I dont need anything more than this.
Nice app it has kept up the momentum and can live stream videos on the run, thanks fame
great The way it live stream videos is just terrific, keep it going folks.
