The best mobile game ever I'm already on level 5 and I got 2 levels just by bulding barriers
Update idea Idk what anyone else would think of this idea, but I think it would be cool to be able to buy with gold, oil, celerium, or diamonds weapons... As in, I think it would be a great if we could unlock and upgrade weapons to assign to heroes for either PvP, alliance wars, heroes post, or just all three. Anyways, I feel that this could make things more interesting.  just my opinion, tell me what you think of it please
COD HEROS This game rocks Soap and price are clutch. Has a few bugs to work out but all in all pretty solid. Score streaks and all.
Awesome When I downloaded this game I thought it was stupid but then it was cool that they brought back the main call of duty characters
WOW.. Just try WILD WALLET App Using this referal d 1050157 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...ok
Overall Great Game Had no troubles starting the game up, runs smoothly and I have not experienced a crash yet. Very fun to play considering all the modes it has to play. It feels like a slower paced Clash of Clans but overall great game 
Great game It's really fun and cool to play. Most other games have time limits on their battles but this doesn't and is really helpful
Amazing Just fabulous, but Activision needs to look into a choice for improved graphics even on high quality its bad and I have an HD tablet. Great game though and the BO3 update was amazing too
It's awesome I love the way it is played out and its just like clash of clans. SO MUCH FUN TO PLAY.
Awesome Game This game is one of my favorite games. It's awesome,cool,and good.
My Ratings I had my doubts about this game but it's quite good especially with the new update making it more fun. Hopefully it will continue being like this and more fun.
Not a bad Clash of Clans clone Although this games isn't original and just serves as a CoC clone, it does serve as an exceptional version unlike most clones. Plus the idea of playing as some of your favorite characters from the campaigns which is a pretty cool idea.
It is the best clash of clans copy ever it is actualy better It is more beutiful and cool than clash of clans and it has a 3d view.It has some minor crashes rarely but it is exelent.
