I love this app.  Its the best of its kind on Android.  The latest update however seems to have broken Chromecast for me on my Galaxy S6.  Oddly enough the same version of tinyCam will still cast from my Nexus 10, so whatever the problem is seems to be specific to the Galaxy S6.  Overall I love this app.  Hopefully this small issue will be fixed soon.
Totally worth the price. Design is functional and beautiful. There's chromecast support and advanced setting for recording video. I tried this app after the stock Foscam app continued to degrade in quality. I highly recommend this app for anyone looking for an IP camera app.
Great app   It's reliable and easy to use I love how this app gets updated constantly,  shows the dedication from the developers.
AAAA Couldn't ask for a better app.  Thanks guys
Love it Recommended. Very easy to use. Works as described. I tested the free version for 23 days before buying Pro version. Good purchase Really wished the website was uptodate on latest recommended outdoor wifi cameras which are fully compatible with this App.
App gets regular updates with the latest Android features. Stable, fast, and loaded with everything you need.
Works Great After Foscam changed their software recently to display ads for a newer  version, which requires you to surrender your account information, I decided it was time to find something else. This software is so much better than the Foscam garbage and I'm able to do so much more with this app. Foscam can F off if they think I'll ever give them my camera login credentials.
Best there is Great app with the cleanest interface. Love the updates  the developers puts a lot of work in to this app. I'm hoping they will add support for a camera I've emailed them about. They said they would look at it as I provided access, but it has been over a month now and I haven't heard anything back. Hopefully it comes in a near update.
Lightweight and intuitive application. It's a clean, easy to use application that's feature rich and adds extra functionality via software to the existing device featureset. Alex, from Tiny Solutions, is also quick to assist when needed  the dude answered my email within minutes. Only downside is that the phone alert at motion detection only seems to work when the application is active and not when running in the background. I've got background audio set
massive fps drop after the last updates on china wanscam  jw004 using borth jpeg or mjpeg. before updates i was getting between 9  20 fps ... now only 19 fps  please advise for a fix   LE discovered that in fact it was a wifi problem caused by my routers, thanks dev for support this is s GREAT APP 
Brilliant app for baby monitoring when paired with a nice camera. Feature request silence background audio for a preset amount of time sometimes the baby is awake, but should fall asleep soon and I would like not to be awoken by every noise.
Best ip camera app The best app for ip camera in android or perhaps ios
Best app for home security Update Dev response was spot on. Fixed my problem and the app is perfect. Fantastic dev support and app.
Far away the best I bought the pro version, I am really happy with the quality and features and overall, the updates. Thanks
Works perfectly Use the every day for the past 4 years. I have three wireless ip cameras out in the yard. We watch wildlife walking aground. Also, it's nice when we're away from home to be able to open this app up and see what's going on at home.
Great app Great app,  but would like the option of being able to select which feeds are low bandwidth and which feeds are unthrottled for each camera
KMOON I am glad to give you temp. Access to my kmoon cam but how can we do that Do you have email address where I can contact you
Baby Monitor for Ip camera This app is great and does its job requiring all of the right tools up front and ready to use. It took a little configuring but less than any other app that I have downloaded. Great app thank you.
Some nice new feature if late Use this daily for monitoring our 3 sleeping kids twin 2 and 4 years old.  Works great with my foscams I have a extra cam that I move around and the nanny feature works great at catching the dog up on the couch or seeing what goes on all day in photos.
I saw the developer replies One of the main reasons I purchased. This is what the foscam app could have been. Love this app so far. I us it as a baby monitor
Perfect on GT SMT325 8.4pro
