Luvd it Useful app , comparisons was great I would have spend lot more bugs if I haven't used this app good work 
Nice app Despite of many negative reviews I used it and its a very good app. I loved it. Helps to compare many taxi fares and auto fares too. Thank u for such a nice job.... Keep it up...
Time saving and money too Love to have the app. Provides great offer at a single place for all cabs. And gives fare list too. Thanks for the great app.
Really convenient and user friendly app. Fare comparisons are really great will recommend to all.
Wanna save money....go fo it... Its a very good app providing the fare for all the means of trasportation. It doesnot end here it also provides for the route so that driver cant cheat you with dat..... 
Amazing app all cab offers at 1 place . nice  app  plz installed its vry useful Gr8 offers
Gud Really very well enjoyed ride like Maharaja  and the app was awesome great experience with app  driver also
  and the stars goes on Enjoing this app....awsome app....all good cabs under one single app.....
Not as bad as reviews suggest.. A good app for comparing fares between different locations but install an adblocker before downloading..
Offer I got all cabs offer in one app, and fare, and lots more
This app is so good. I created one excel sheet for comparing all  fares without knowing there is an easy app like Dulocabs. Thank you for this APP. It helps.
Awesome app Very simple and innovative app. Helped me to save many bucks.
Best app for comparing taxi fares I would recommend this app to all as it's the best app for comparing taxis
The Best Cab App Awesome 5 star app, all in one app catering to all the multiple needs while booking a cab. Keep up the good work,n plz bring in more offers info esp for frequent users
Looking for good experience It seems good app to me. Suddenly found in google play store. Review comments give me an interest to use it. Hoping for good experience.
Aweaome Very nice and helpful app. keep it up
Awesome I think this is a promising app 
Cars Comparison, speed of app awesome
Great app for newbies like me. Will recommend to all.
It's a nice app. I would like to use this app again and again. Really a nice app.keep it up
