So cute It is so cute it always says hi and I think this is really great for little kids to play but the funniest. Part that I think its funny is when he or she's pooping
This game have lots of fun...I also like the pet i name it odish cause there is a tiny leaf on her head...hehe...I also have quite a fun about this game...OK One more thing if wrong eng pls tell me hhehehe..............
Amazingly cute I can't help to smile while playing, it's just so adorable
Amazingly cute I can barely believe I've found such an amazing virtual pet game By now, this is by far the best virtual pet game I've ever played. Almost no bugs, really cute, real fun.. And it doesn't takes a lot of your time, like other virtual pets. I totally recommend it.
Very cute I loveeeeee this app it is so cute. But he or she wants to play alot but set that asied. STOP BEING A HATER THE GAME MAKER WAS JUST TRYING TO MAKE A CUTE GAME FOR US GGGGGGGEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
Adorbs This game is adorable you get to take care of your own little pet and I have a pet at home so he teaches me how to take care of it and when I'm bored I get to play and take care of my little cute pet
So awesome This games fun I like it but I don't like how the expenses are the potions are very expensive for all of them its 7 diamonds and it makes it really hard because it's really hard to work for them you get fired for starting the game hope you like it. Oh and also it needs to pets in this game it will make it harder and you can keep doing stuff fun and fun then you can just keep playing and you won't have to do anything else but take care of them by.
One thing... Ok, I love this game, but in the bathroom, there is what appears to be a shower curtain, but  why is it bathing OUT of the bathroom. And it poops on the floor.... WhyBut overall this is a really cool and cute  game.
So cute Love this thing. The pet is cute, cool games. I love it
Fantastic this is a nice game I download this game instead another game I thought this will be not nice but this is very very nice game and it does not give any advertisements and we do not stuff at any time like my game which I have first but this game is a pet growing game so I like this game I have my talking angela my talking tom and my talking ginger
So cute I love this game, it us a great little game and the pets are so cute The pets are like little cute monsters I love it
Its cool It cool because you act like its your kid or something and I LOVE IT
Very GOOD It is so cute and cool I will recommend  it to other people    
AWESOME It's great when I'm sad .. this game cheers me up.. the pets are cute and happy. the game is great. Best game I have ever played.. I'm not joking .. its really is fun to play all the time. well, I think it's awesome
This game is amazing Very well done Soo cute Never crashes Worth 10 star very happy with this games.                      But the ads are annoying
I am absolutely delighted to have a great cutie pie to keep me in smiles   I love listening to my dearest little Sissy Caring for her is a great pleasure  Mini game's are a plus  Thanks so much 
So cute I love the adorable little things I named mine  I know weird but I could not find the right name
One of the Top Best apps I just love spending my spare time with my petburi buri he is so cute n i love to see him every day.... Thank you so much I don't feel alone anymore... This is it wht I wanted A cute pet......Thanks alot
