Finger Blood Pressure Prank I like to do this with my mom and my younger brother too. This is very simple to checking the people's blood pressure.
Super  this is one of the best app. I tried more app not good I like this very much Good app
Love it I real use baby. Please can  you help me goodtime..ok.Yes everything ok.somany peoples are like.
I like this it helps me keep track of my Blood pressure Thank You know if we could send it to are Doctors that would be great
Finger BP This application is the best and  very accurate.I hv even checked with the  Dr.and found this superb and reliable.
Binladen bokang Khulu Wow I don't think it's a prank,  it gives correct readings.  I'm so much inlove with this app
COOL can easily prank but the numbers are repeating most of the time.PLEASE IMPROVE THIS SOFTWARE CREATOR
This app is very useful to all. U can check ur BP at any time , any circumstances,.....
D Mnculwane Good app. Pop ups are annoying
I love it this applicaton becaues  its help full. To check our body temprauter
It's realy a Evelutionary. Realy we can't belive that how can mobil shows anyone's Blood Presser but it does I mean wow... realy a unbelivable thing it doss....gr8
my heath beets good so I don't know much but it's okay.
Finger blood pression It is owespme the way it esealy show the blood pressio  result. Love it
Awesome Just mad of it continuously I m checking my bp on different situation just loving it
Real good compared to many claimed having the same function,I like
Blood pressure I rate this Bp app a 5 very good. Ks
Its awesome app Is very great app for bp checking for bp check i used togo clinic but now i just put finger and check my bp
Super App Very useful every common human.Thanks.I shared to my relatives.
Kabiyesi This app is awesome. Shave some dollars off medical checkup.
Its awesome,but need some expertise in placing finger tips on the screen
Smart This is real apps. I was recently checked my blood pressure for my family Doctor. That result is same as this application. Good.
