Fantastic I've tried other CBR apps and this one is my favorite.
No crashing loading large file on network. Good so far. Quick fix.
Need to test thoroughly before updates
Best Brst comic reader there is
Tried several other cbzcbr readers and this one wins hands down on simplicity, features and format support.
Very costumizeable 
I really like this app Thank you for fixing the issue with the force closing.
Excellent Name says it all. I've used it forever since ICS and highly recommend it.
Is there a way to donate to you without using google wallet Thanks for you great work
Perfect Ive been using it for years and it already was nearly perfect when i started. However it improved a lot, be it performance, ui, or functionality. My go to software for pdfs and comic booksmanga.
Awesome It's a very nice app. It would be even better if there was a epub version too.
Best ever
Crashes spectacularly but rarely Does everything I expect it to do and then some. Has some odd quirks, but fewer than the competition. Handles external SD cards superbly. Crashes spectacularly sometimes, but not often enough for it to be anything but a slight nuisance. Switched to this app from ComicRack after the dev couldn't be arsed  to add proper support for external storage. I have yet to regret the switch.
Got a new tablet and searched for a free CBRCBZ comics reader. Stopped here and it was perfect  just a 34 quick settings on a first start and reading started smoothly .  Myriad of settings options for a later use but just 23 were enough to start.  Very nice graphic design. Smooth work on 5.0.1. For now 2 days I like everything about this application and recommend it highly.
Great comic app After trying a few other comic reader apps and being left wanting, I found this one with some great reviews.  Opens quick, loads new directories fast and view settings are great.  Take a minute or two after loading to customize the app options, the default settings weren't quite optimal for me, but were easy to adjust to suit.  Good job
BEST VIEWER EVER AND ITS NAME IS PERFECT VIEWER Teeterit teeeet... Been my personal image viewing app for 3 years and counting. It possesses multiple settings on how to access your files and everything else a nitpicky reader like me needs. Reads cbz and rar files too, definitely a must try to comicmanga downloaders
Customizable Works great Awesome options menu to tailor the app to your individual preferences.                     Opens comics stored on Google drive easily.  I have tried 5 different reader apps this is the one you'll want
A work of art PV is obviously a labor of love for its developer. Continually updated and improved. Performs great, works great, and has more options than i can count.
Great Fast and lots of options. Very very good. If  when I view a comic and I move up the page up with my finger it would be nice if it will keep moving up a bit longer and would stop that abruptly that way I would have to scroll up that many times. Maybe in next update Lol thanks for this great app
best manga reader ever ilove this app for reading manga. the files that already in my sd card perfect allmost all i need. just tweek a little and you can do what ever you want v
Great App It's got everything I need
Fast and Smooth you know what I open with this HENTAI DESU
Crashing problem This is one of a great app so far, but now this app keep crashing.. Please fix this..
Hentoid Who is here because of hentoid
Improved After some update it became slower. However, now it feels faster than before. Really appreciate creator of this app
