good App I am awful at drawing ppl now i can learn a cooler way.
Wish to one day draw like you do. As a kid I was drawing a lot then let it go as I got older. I also was never pleased with what I drew. Just about a week ago my nephew wanted help to get him a sketch book so I did and it just reminded me how I used to do things. I'm gonna give it another try cause even tho I never liked my drawing it still was so relaxing.
Amazing It's a really useful app, everything is explained stepbystep and in easy terms and methods. 
This is amazing never uninstalling this This app is going to help me so much thank to the creator for making this app
Aswome app I draw like a sum little baby I think with this app I'm gonna get better
Best drawing app I've seen Just get the app no spoilers Did
Great app but it still needs more videos
Best drawing app I learned many new things.....
AWESOME Loved it I suggest for drawers it has mark crilley and other awesome drawers if I could rate this 100 stars I would
i always watch a tutorial so i rate it 5 .... XD
Love it Im,not a really good drawer but I'm learning cause of this app  5 stars
Draw anime Simply amazing 
It makes it easy to draw anise  manga.l was rubbish before not any longer
Thanks,thanks,is very good learning.
Anime drawer Loved the tips by mark crilley
Sony xperia z3 compact Really good app to get, on how to draw manga.
Loving it It's so cool and awesome will really help me with drawing people since I just draw animals.
Amazing This guy is super incredible at drawing and it helped me to get a grasp on the world of drawing manga                                                                erics daughter, Jayne
Dra anime This is a great app.
Love it  My anime drawing skills is twice as better than before I recommend anyone who loves anime and wants to draw download this awesome app
It's really nice actually it's better than nice it's brilliant With this app I'll get better on my art also I could create my own anime's thank you so much for this app
Nice app Very nice app . Amazing features.
Very helpful It is very helpful and the instructions are easy to follow
Loved it Really helpful and fun
Great app thanks for the afort
Really detailed and specific step by step techniques on how to draw anime. Loved it
Very easy to use rated videos and at a first look I'm very impressed
Loved it It's a good app, and now I can draw anime to be good
