New Layout I like it so far, but reaching my created playlists is less intuitive than before
Great app but  Hey, I have LOVED Soundcloud for ages and it was the first app I installed I really hope you don't end up going to a membership service like many articles of late have said you will. I have returned the five star rating thanks to accurate bug fixes. I was wondering if you guys could add a posts only no reposts option on the stream Thank you guys and have a great day Love the new layout, still didn't bring back tag viewing
Wow Material design Complete ui redesign And you brought back caching Are you trying to make me fall in love with you again or what
Great Love this app, especially since most of the issues I've has with it like not Chromecast having support have been added However, I will say that popup menu's on marshmallow seem sudden and abrupt.
The ONLY Platform For Easily Accesible Fresh Music If you hate mainstream music or the same formulaic stations produced by PandoraSpotify, Soundcloud is where its at. It's highly social, easy to find what you are looking for and even easier to find fresh new music far before anyone else. Its intuitive, simple to use, and works very well. I couldn't do without this music app
Makes my ears moist  Great app love the way it loads in advance so when listening on the go it don't stop half way thru a track. Love the shuffle function on ur liked tracks bring up some golden oldies u liked moons ago.easy to use easy to share what can I say keep up the good work 
Bugs Great app for exploring music and streaming tracks from nearly every artist, although some of the latest updates bring nothing but annoying bugs which cut down songs to a few seconds and trigger the skipper when a track ids being played. They always bring fixes, but lately these bring other bugs...
Excellent application However,  what has been saved can't be removed. I can put like or add. But if i want to remove any of these songs can't do it. Please fix and add download options.  Cheers
Best music app ever Thought it was just another bs Music app with skips and all that but it's not they actually let u listen to what u want to here
Amazing A million times better than Pandora, I can actually choose specific songs, all in a custom playlist
3 UPDATES AND STILL NOT FIXED only half of the Soundwave shows up and its really annoying because the Soundwave will like inch along not go through fluently
I love it so much But i want to you give Download Function. Could you give me I wanna want to get all song from this Program. Please help me now
This app is awesome,  it's free hardly as many advertisements as pandora or spotify, and you get to hear more of other people's music too.
