But I face one problem Please make enable reply option on page post for admins that when we click on notification then that specific post open but we even don't click on that
Great Thank you Facebook for the new update. Now I can watch videos without using my web browser.
OH yEAH I love it so much..my suggestion is that can we please upload videos now thanks
Good Application If you have 2G network it's very fast one for using..... Very nice application.
Awesome Add It's Is Batter Then Facebook messenger B'coz in this app we saved our 90 data...
Thats its.. This is real facebook.. Tha fat facebook i hate because make ram soo big.. Fix it and compressed it like lite
Its almost perfect but when zoom in pictures it don't show them full. Just straight through the center
Working As Intended A very light app which takes less than 5MB of space and RAM too. Better compared to the full version of Facebook app. Just need a functionality of copying the post, messages. An option to upload multiple photos to chats will also be a good option. Sharing photos from other apps is very slow. Please fix. Can't pinch to zoom either and the zoom option only zooms at the center of the picture. Finally videos can be watched
Good app ... But , There is two problems that I found . When I'm clicking someone's profile picture from their profile , it showing me extremely low quality picture . And other is about my page . I can't post anything in my page from this app . Please fix that .
Best app. But I have a problem. I hope you will help me.. I can't post my post in a group. I don't know why.. where are no space to write my post.. this happen at groups only.. plz help me..
OK thanks for this app unfortunately my phone hangs with the other app.so this app is my way for Facebook but you need to make the UI More stylish thank you Facebook team
Thumbs Up Love it It's a small size app, It's running smoothly, less data usage and now I can watch the videos. keep up the good work, FB team. THANK YOU
The emotion dosn't work from my keyboard in chat  Please fixed it 
very cool  but one issue, sometimes its block and I need to clean data and re open it again  please fix this  Love it 
