Outrageously Good I was captivated throughout the whole series, and would encourage anyone that hasn't tried them, to give them a go. The puzzles are challenging, and the story line is gripping. Thank you Glitch
Good graphics Well now that the problems fixed,I rated at 5 's.Game haves very good details making it look realistic.
Best Escape Game on the market The is the definitely the best escape game you can find, all others are mediocre in comparison. Worth every cent, hope the developers can continue to develop games, I already bought every single one
So excited Been waiting and waiting for this. Now to try to take it slow. Saver the experience ....
Loved it I loved all 4 games. I am sad they are done, but I hope you guys will do more games like these. I love games like this, and the Forever Lost series is the best I have ever played. Keep up the good work.
Incredible, as always. As polished as it is captivating,   Forever Lost Episode 3 lives up to all it promises to be. It is rewarding and clever, imaginative and riveting. A simply perfect game from Glitch.
Great series of games Super enjoyable... I wish there were more of the same
Just great I hope there next game doesnt take too long or they just do a kickstarter for a reeeaaalll long game
Best surprise ever Honestly one of my favorite game series I recommend it to everyone and have been waiting too long to admit for the 3rd episode to come out I thought it was supposed to come out tmw and I love these games sooo much that it made my week that it was out a day earlier
Great end to a great series Logical puzzles, interesting mystery, loved every minute
Excellent Love this game. Great story, clever puzzles  and Mystlike feel. Buy all three...my favorite Android games.
Good game Took a few hours to beat puzzles are extremely hard the way their portrayed.But overall I enjoyed the .
Great puzzle game Great length, puzzles are difficult without being too random.
Crashing issue was fixed and I was able to complete the game, and what a great game it was Worth the money
Great series The atmosphere, story, puzzles and everything else was incredible. Loved part 1, 2 and 3
Brilliant, as Expected Glitch, you guys are the best Never fail to bring your best, never mail it in, never rake short cuts. This is another great game
Well done finisher to the series.  Really enjoyed it and is challenging.  Would like to request Glitch Games to make a soundtrack of the series.
Bravo Very nicely done Glitch Tremendous finish Thank you very much for the Forever Lost game series...it ranks supreme
The best. You guys rock Will come back later I'm to excited. I have to start playing.
Loved this one just as much as the first 2 can't wait to play the next one. Excellent game not to be missed
Great game Finally managed to install the game and am really enjoying it.
Amazing Once again I was not let down Th is game is amazing in it's story, length and puzzle difficulty Glitch thank you so much for what you do
Yes So happy to finally get part 3 I have loved every single game Glitch Games has put out, so it really tickled me to see that they have incorporated of all their other games into this one It is fun, challenging and I definitely feel as though I have gotten my moneys worth
Totally engaging and fun Been waiting for this last Lost episode and it doesn't disappoint. Keep the games coming
Awesome Great ending for a wonderful game. Highly Recommended. Obviously, the developers gave so much time and effort to create this game. Worth every cent
Loving it but am stuck on where to get the flag
Great trilogy Love this game and recommend it to all. Just seemed to be over too fast 
Brilliant  
Loved it
Too bad it's finished Great game
Love it.
