Toby I've used other weather apps and by comparison they're a joke. Without a doubt if the weather is an important part of your life this is the app for you. It's the best by far. You can depend on it 100 
This might be my first review. I tried and used all of the free apps, but they were all limited.  This app does it all, and I've been very satisfied with it. I am able to use it hiking, camping, and now I am able to use it to fly my quadcopter.  There so many other things that I can use it for, and I can also share the info with my friends.    I have not used it fully, so I'm sure it has some bugs, but overall great job with the app.
Very detailed and configurable application.  I've tried quite a few weather applications, some free and some paid.  This is the best one I've come across.  I'm also impressed by the responsiveness of the developer when I reported a bug which turned out to be user error.
WOW  MUST HAVE  10 STARS  Attn WeatherBug Eliters I just switched from and uninstalled the WeatherBug app, and I'm AMAZED with this app If there is ANYTHING to know about weather ANYWHERE this is the app to have. VERY pleased Well worth 4.99 And the widgets  so many to choose from LOVE IT  10 STARS   82815  update  I am still very happy with this app I still highly recommend And it's so much fun discovering more things it can do
The best I've been using this on 3 phones over 6 yrs or whenever it came out and it's the best weather application I have ever come across.  Out of all the applications I have put on my phone , this is the only one I pay for.  Well worth  5 bucks...too bad I can't get this kind of quality out of other applications. .lol
Great app.... Had some initial problems with the widgets loading.. Was nobody's fault but my own, and after some tweaking the problem was solved.. This is a brilliant app with comprehensive weather information.. And after trying many other weather apps this is the best by far.. You won't be disappointed.. Kudos to the Developer
Great Would really prefer to have Google map on widget instead of cycle map or street map. That's the only thing that makes me keep checking for a replacement. Very good app
Superior  Wonderful The Best weather app ever I love the 12hr Weather Clock. I've used the app for 4 kinds of phones. A superior attribute of this company is swift support. Update Very cool  so cute were moving clouds and a rainbow with the weather prediction. Fun We don't often have rain. Just added Barometer widget. The more I learn about weather the more I appreciate this beautiful application. Ena
Look no further. Great app for all your weather information plus some you didn't know you needed. Sergey, the developer is very responsive and has developed a great app plus is still improving it.
Best weather app. Keep building Eleconte is the best weather app in the world. I brought and kept this app for years. I don't see any product that is any better. The only suggestion I have is that you can expand this technology to a pclaptop format.
Great app and great customer service I have had this app for years and wouldn't use anything else. Always responsive,up to date and accurate. Also,very easy to use. The customer service and response is the best I've ever seen in any business. I emailed them with a question and had a response in 5 minutes. When I answered them back by email. They again responded within 5 minutes and had my question answered. Amazing.
The Best There Is  Appl is rock solid, great graphics, more data than you needcan consume, has never crashed in YEARS of using  And the response from the developer is second to none  Don't bother with other resourcehog weather apps, you just found TOP SHELF
Very good Nice weather app and very helpful cs, help me step by step until my problem solve.fast respon from email.if you looking good weather app and good cs this is for you. And now they have new app and they active for me for free. Thank you very much  Nyanadhaja
Great Not perfect, but it is the best I have found. I love the clock widget. The radar is great.
The Best Weather App  2yrs  running  Contains in depth weather conditions  alerts. Learning curve required for most issues are result of not knowing how to use it. No issues with updates though they're few but constant updates don't necessarily make for a better app. App development  support courteous  professional. Highly recommend
Best weather app for Android I love this app. It does almost everything. At a glance, I can see the weather for the next 10 days and hourly weather for the next 24 hours. It also does radar, weather watches and warnings, historical data, METARs, moon phases, earthquakes and more, and you have your choice of two different weather providers It also has an incredible array of highly customizable widgets.
Galaxy note 5 Back to normal, with the developer help. Thanks to answer me very quickly. Regards
A Work of Art Love this app, comprehensive, lots of variables  has a built in barometer. Aesthetically very pleasing, there are a couple of very good weather apps out there but IMHO, they have a long way to go to catch this one. Thank you very much Mr Developer Sir, splendid job  it works too  
