Great app Always scanning for threats. Definitely a must for any phone
Good and simple interface Moved from Trustgo to Free Antivirus as Trustgo wasn't being supported any more. So far so good
Wonderful Really help ur phone
My anti virus It is great
Recommended App for SONY. Very effective. Keep up the good work guys.. 
Brilliant does the job
Really good app This app is really good and durable  and helps your run better and faster great job google and android
Free Antivirus Love it
Great
Antivirus Love it
Very useful Easy and protective
It's realy great
Great Great
Good Nice app
Gud app
Wow It actually works I can't believeable. I had doubt's about this app but not doubt at all  
Great I guess  No virus or malware on my ph. But it could say that about every ph. So I can't say if It's truly wonderful or not. But so far everything is great.
Works As far as i can tell it works decent. Although when i scan it only scans apps. Not the entire phone from what i can see. I think it should scan whole phone. But still does the job so far.
One is not enough  There's alot of viruses and I  believe that there's a lot of hard working Americans that want protection for their  lives and information that is confidential and aren't lied to from other apps that are saying there doing there jobs but really are not at the fullest, so with that being said here's 5 stars and some
I had some trouble with my phone, constantly being routed over to some crap from Facebook about winning an iPhone and several other pop ups, this app  seems to have taken care of them. I still have one saying its from Google routing me to some anti virus ad which has horrible reviews.  Other than that Im pleased with this app.. Thanks
Great safety This app insures that my phone is safe from any bad viruses, for a free antivirus software app it comes in great use.
Seems good to me. So far as I can tell it works just fine it scans downloads and updates.  Seems to be only scanning apps though. It has warned me about mal ware sites and what could be risky.
If it continues to perform in top former. So far it has performed very well and I hope that this will be the case for the foreseeable future. So keep on improving this application and I will have no reason to uninstalling it.
Awsome Thnx guys you did a good job with this one my phone had a virus and this app eliminated it in under 2 minutes
Awesome App I like this app and I recommend that everybody should use this app cause hey my phone was slow now it's better then ever
Samsung  Galaxy  Young It   does   all  I  need  it  to  do ,  I   was  looking   for   three   different   apps  to the   job ,  app  store ,  files ,  background ,  browsing  ,  for   protection   I   can  get   all   in   one  app which   is   NQ  Antivirus  Free  ,   it's   5  stars   from   me   
Antivirus free mobile security I got this on my cell phone seems to work and is easy to use just one click.
Free antivirus for samsung android phones Amazing program. Works well, fast and easy to use for beginners
Impress this app. really works it found an app. That it was a threat so i delete it then after a couple of month i install the app. Again and its was a threat bravo defently 5 stars
A new star is born   Thanks for your help and advice , support and a great job.
This app help me take care of my phone and make sure that there are not any bad stuff
This is gr8 you guys saved my phone All day every day it said virus warning now it never says it thank you guys
