Excellent app I use this app when im on my quadbike, its very accurate. Once i start to move, the speed registers straight away, and if i stop quickly, the speedo stops just as quick.
DOWNLOAD THIS It's rare to find an app that works perfect. This is one of those apps you can download even if you don't need it it's that good I promise
Awesome I use it on my boat, dirt bike and jacked up truck with oversized tires for exact speeds.
its working fine now...thanks a lot its working fine....great...im going yo buy the pro version now.....
Speedometer quit working in my car and this was an excellent replacement,  besides being digital.
Used this to give copilot a readable speed
Even works on an aeroplane.  And great at helping avoid speeding tickets.
Mantep Lumayan
Great  accurate 1st got this when the speedometer broke in my previous car. I have a different car now but continue to use it due to it's accuracy my MGF speedometer is slightly off.
Love it  You wouldn't think this app would be so accurate.  But it is. The speedometer in my truck doesn't work truck. I know this has saved me alot of money in tickets. And I go as far as saying it probably safed me my job. They frown on speeding tickets.
It's great Saved me when the light in my dash goes out and I can't see speedometer.
Works well This app has saved me alot of tickets im sure of due too oversized tires on my 1 ton 4x4 Chevrolet truck deffinetly recommend it thanks
Works great Just one suggestion. I had recently noticed that the speed didn't quite match up with the cars speedometer and after installing this I realized I it was 10mph too slow. Plus I love the display bright but not distracting.  I do wish that there was a mirroring option so I could read it on my windshield.        Nevermind there is, I'm in heaven.what a life and time saver.                        Thank you
Fantastic for an everyday trucker As a truck driver, we are held to a higher standard than other drivers on the road. This is especially the case for speed. When it's acceptable for a regular car on the freeway to do 5 or more mph on the freeway, it's not the case for semi trucks. I have been stopped for going 2 mph over the posted speed limit. This is a very accurate speedometer. With it, I found out my truck is about 3 mph off on the dash. Thank you guys for creating this app
Well done Mr. Moss Solid app that does what is expected and does not use unnecessary permissions to pry into places it does not belong. Works well and is refreshingly honest. I definitely appreciate no adds and that is how you motivate a customer to want to upgrade to premium version.
I use it everyday. I do not want a speeding ticket. With this lead foot and a broken speedometer I'm flying down the highway at 90 mph. This app is a life saver I use it every single time I drive somewhere and it's freeeee...
Awesome app Very Accurate I knew my speedometer was reading faster than I was really going because my tires are a different size than the recommended size. I downloaded this app and it is very accurate and has many useful, helpful, and cool features. I especially like the HUD display that reflects off of your windshield. Even if your speedometer works perfectly fine I would still highly recommend this app
Awesome app The speed sensor in my car is bad and real expensive to fix as the car is rare. So this app is wonderful
Excellent App Excellent alternative gauge  for ol school vehicles with broken or wornout gauges that no longer work. An the interface layout is customizable 
The best app of its kind No extra security issue. Just a rocking app performing HUD speed and direction in best way possible with flexible settings.  Thanks for a great app I can recommend
Great, easy to use. Was wondering if my speedometer was correct, using this I found out. Easy to use, love the heads up.
Fantastic I use this when I'm in the car with someone just to see how accurate it is and even when I'm flying I'm a private pilot and its fantastic. I wouldn't mind using this if I lost my instruments and this was my only source of finding out my speed and heading
Great Simple to use but a lot of easy customizable options
So far so good...  but I wanted to get suggestions first, Before using it as there might be something I might not know about....  if you get what I mean   
DigiHud Speedo . Works every time. I just bought a older Jeep and the speedometer didn't work so I downloaded this app and I must say I'm impressed
Works great for me  Had 2 different speedometer clusters put in  neither worked..a friend told me bout the app.  I use it on the freeway  in city.
Works the best  I recently got my snow tires on and noticed that EVERYONE was passing me  And in town flipping me off and I thought I was going the speed limit so I downloaded a few speedometer apps and they all lagged or changed speeds 510 mphs in difference when using cruise control. After using this app though it stayed consistent and found out my cars speedometer Honda civic was slow by 35 mphs and people are no longer passing me and I actually get to appointments and places on time 
Best app of the kind on G Play .. Back to normal after last fix. 5stars again
Great Thank you The moment I get some play store money I'm getting the full version to support this Thanks for keeping the free one add free
Works great I used this app to see the top speed of my RC short course truck. It works great also shows me the max speed average Speed and total distance driven Thanks for the great easy to use app
