Awesome app This is the best NOAA radio app out there. Love it. Audio plays perfectly. Thanks for a great app
Handy
Pretty good so far. Good so far but we will see for sure with bad weather. Wish it had a place on list closer to me. Im in kennedale and closest city was fort worth. I wish it had like mansfield.
BEST CAN ONLY GET BETTER Ultimate NOAA radio is the best and this app takes the best and makes it better. I wouldn't be caught without this living in the Carolinas...or Anywhere for that matter. Total perfection
I have purchase this App love it very very much I have purchase this app he is one of the best app for anyone to have you need to own this app for yourself please buy it before it is too late don't wait buy it today and get the best noaa weather radio out there in the best customer service if you have any problems all you have to do is contact them and they will get back with you
Great app at the right price Great app Have been using it for years, finally had to purchase it when I got a new phone. Everyone should have this app. You never know when and where weather will strike. NOAA radios belong in every home in case of weather disasters and cost 20.00 and up. This inexpensive app belongs with your flashlight and doesn't require extra batteries. It is in your phone and easily goes where ever you go How convenient
Excellent app I live where there are lots of  tornados and with satelite tv that goes out during the slightest bad weather I needed a way to get tornado warnings. This app is simple and gives me exactly what I need
Great Thank you for this app. I for one, very much appreciate the quick response and the effort you put into making this a five star app.
Slow down The report is given like they get paid by the word. Need to slow it down. To note speed. It would be handy to write important things down by hand. For later planing and thinking what to do for the next 3,4 days. We dont all have a steno machine. And writing short hand is not even used any more. I forgot that 20 years ago. They say it over and over. So why hurry.
Excellent This app does exactly what it says and does it beautifully. I love it. Well worth the money.
