Tough I have never played a game like this and I am  being beaten badly.  This game is a learning experience for me.  After playing this for a week, I may go out and buy the real board game or Arkham Horror.
Great Board Game Port I love this game. I own the board game and the PC version and now the android version. This game is very atmospheric, thematic, deep and polished. Because it is so deep it has a steep learning curve. It has a ton of replay value, especially if you buy the expansions. I really hope they add even more expansions.
Hard but worth it. Bought this on a whim. At first I disliked it because I couldn't figure it all the symbols. But I'd still come back to it. Eventually I figured it out and beat the first monster. There is strategy. It is winnable. Just remember you are fighting God like beings from other dimensions with nothing but a six shooter and your own mortality. The odds are forever NOT in your favor here, so when you send The Dark Pharaoh back to eternity, it's truly a sweet moment.
Engaging but tough Most games today lure you in by letting you win a couple of times. Elder Signs never holds your hands. You will lose. A LOT. That said, the challenge is enjoyable and open to a lot of strategy. And while things seem too random against you, it seems all fair. The soundtrack and art style is apropos. Once you manage one win, it feels so darned good.
Very good game for addicts of Arkham Horror I love this game.  It isn't easy but fun games aren't.   If you enjoy Arkham Horror get this game.
You might descend into actual madness... First thing's first  this game is incredible. I had never played the board version of this but am a huge Lovecraftian mythos fan. It is incredibly difficult, yes, but it really doesn't matter, for the gameplay and the polished detail are outstanding. Enjoy, but don't you go staring into the abyss for too long.
Great game Needs more campaigns.  I hope you guys haven't abandoned this, looking forward to update
Great game I have had a lot of enjoyment  playing this. The presentation is excellent, as you would expect from Fantasy Flight. Lots of replayability. It can be frustratingly hard to win. Yes, you will lose a lot. You only really have a 16.66 chance to roll what you want on each die, so you have to use your abilities and items and choice of adventure carefully to maximize your chances.  Not for everyone, but I can enjoy games where random chance can come along and screw up a strong strategy.
A warning I loved the game be it both board and the PC version so I would recommend it especially if your a love craft fan but this recommendation comes with a warning if you hate RNG do not pick this up. The game is heavy on dice rolls and its in the games favor. As you learn the game you learn ways to better your odds but there is that fact that the game WILL beat you ruthlessly. It will not pull punches. But that was Arkham horror and Elder sign in a nutshell.
Tough but addictive and fun. It takes a little time to understand everything and know how the game works but once you've got it you cant stop playing. It may take some time to initially win a game, I haven't won a game yet, but it makes you more determined to keep playing and beat it. It's a good mix of an interesting story, fun game play and frustrating random glyphs and you'll be playing for hours.
One of the best I've paid for Addictive and repeatable. Ruthless and wonderful.  It will provide over a year of replay. Its always on my phone. Hopefully new content soon
Impressive I was so impressed with the game that i had to come review it after just one game play. The graphics are great Very well done. Controls are intuitive and lots of little hints to help the user understand what to do. The help was also great. I haven't played the board game. But the help did a good job explaining the different components.
Great Mythos Fun A good puzzle type game with a good variety of difficulties      'n Ithaqua. If you don't like games that derail your plans with random suffering, then this might not be the game for you. Make sure you stop to enjoy all the colorful text and art.
Want more Awesome I loved the board game and now I can play whenever I want, but please do me a favor and make eldritch horror an app here please I'd be willing to pay a lot of that
Very good adaption I really like elder sign. But it can be a bit much to set up and clean up. This resolves that problem. When its just me I can boot this faithful adaption up and enjoy all the horror and dice rolling fun with good graphics and great easy interface.
I paid four bucks for this Seriously, WTF  Now that I know it's based on a board game, I'm looking forward to buying it to play with friends  Had I known about the board game before, I'd probably have bought it for solo play.  To those complaining that the RNG is off  quit complaining  To these beings, even Yig, we're less than ants are to us.  If you can't deal with that, you should probably avoid roguelikes...  Great game
Brutal but fun. This game plays great on my galaxy s5. I can be very hard to defeat the Forbes of evil but it sure is fun trying.
