Yes Undoubtedly the best, I use this to read hentai under many formats, zips, cbrs, rars it reads them all, sleek interface and options to adjust to all needs and desires
Perfect Does exactly what i want it to. I have a large library of comics and books all archived differently and this app reads it flawlessly. Only downsides are that it takes a while for the library to refresh correctly after adding something and it doesn't really look that pretty.
Give it a chance the dev team listens. Much better after crash fixed thank you developers Now that the stall and crash issues were taken care of after my complaint I enjoy it better
Best to date Have tried mostly all comic viewers, and so far none other have surpassed.
I tried many comic reader, and this satisfied me the most. It is the most comfortable app to read and for such app, functionality is first, UI second. Although UI is not that appealing to most users here, it is still user friendly and very simple to use
Khaam Baamm The only reader that Rizes me in DarK   App's icon is so ugly .. Should have more themes and colour options ,,please add a 51 widget
Can't open .cbr and .cbz files  I tried to open .cbr and .cbz files,  but it won't let me open it. Some error message comes up. And sometimes there's only a black screen, nothing happens. The same files work flawlessly in Perfect Viewer.  I am using Moto G Generation 1.
My favorite I've tried a handful of comic viewers on Android  this my top pick.
Brilliant Perhaps a tad complicated, but so customizable that it really serves all your needs. Superb reading experience.
Working fine now Latest update fixed problem.
Great apps FOR PEOPLE GETTING FC, UNINSTALL AND INSTALL AGAIN THIS APPS AND BACK TO GREAT THX DEV
Real nice software that is capable of opening many formats. However the interface should be improved. The page numbers and so on...
Definitely the best one out there.
Awesome app Does what's needed efficiency and effectively 
Thx Wow it worked again very well. Fits to screen option help me well to read. Thanks for developer fast response. It deserve 5 star. Good work and thanks.
Wp Great comics viewer
Excellent
Works perfectly
Really cool app. Try to improve to an up to date UI, futuristic  icons and add a little transition effect. But overall, best comic reader ever. Specially the comic loads fully when opened, fast loading, Colorized system to which one I already read and auto rotation Even when systemically it's off in Android system. Keep up the good work.
BEST COMIC APP looks a bit old but you seriously can't beat the functionality and amount of options. I've got my stuff sorted in folders, which other comic readers had trouble organizing somehow. Challenger Viewer for life.
The best I've tried a lot of different comic apps on Googleplay, this one is the best free option. Yes the interface is simple but it's easy to navigate and use. Works great and I love the widget.
Loved it All are fine though I wish there is an option to render higher quality thumbnail image. Overall, this is the best comic reader I have ever used.
UI This is the best app for reading comics and it is my favorite. I won't look anymore for other apps. However, will you please update UI and design with a more futuristicmaterial designand with that the icon too That is literally the only feature you need to be the perfect app on the market for reading comics.
Really wonderful This is the best app for reading comics and I love it. Thank you so much for the fast help. Five stars for it. Again, thank you.
A free app with no ads Honestly, didn't think that could exist. Plus it's amazing for cbr and epub files
