Tips part 1 1dont look too long in the phantom animatronics like phantom bb 2seal the vent room that springtrap hanging out on there. 3playing audio system is important to attract springtrap sometimes he ignore it Eeeeeep And all see you next update For part 2
unification storage Why does it has to be so much space scott can u make it to a little space plz i cant reinstall it.   never mind i just had to delete to things i deleted soccer starstext now those are the 2 things i deleted
I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME I get the creeps while playing this just two questions one are the animatronics supposed to attack you when the phone guy is talking And two CAN U PLZ MAKE FNAF 4 FREE PLZ AND TO ME THIS IS A MIX OF...difficulty,scariness and fun And if u tap the BB drawing enough on the camera it takes u to the minigame
Really good game I like this game alto better than fnaf 2 its harder than fnaf3 there is a stragty to fnaf nightmare Mode ill share 1 always check the ventilaon very often 2 check all the camera's quick 3 check the vents to avoid springtrap thanks hope you use this
AWSOME Everything is cool the graphics,springtrap and the way phantom Freddy walks but I just can't get past the third night it's always at 3 am that I die. I like challenges but can anyone out there help me pass the 3rd night
FNAF 3 My little brother downloaded this but couldn't uninstall it when he got bored now it keeps rebooting his tablet. Please Helpand I rate 5 's Edit working now thanks 
OMG Amaising so much cool stuff. Im not sure if you can get to the second night but my gosh
Super scary At first I thought it was just going to be like the first night but then it turned out way more scary it should not be called night at Freddies it should be called five nights at springtraps
IMPOSSIBLE TO PLAY HARD TO GET PASS THE 7TH NIGHT AND 3RD NIGHT ANYONE CAN GIVE ME A TIP HOW TO SURVIVE THE 7TH NIGHTS PLSS DO GIVE ME SOME
Soooo scary It's depositary and hard I can't pass the 3rd night cuz the ghosts get me and when I close my eyes I'm all ready dead
Awesome and Scary This game is totally awesome i see a death screen of springtrap and that's really scary i can never get passed the third night and in the third night the action starts right away i have no problems with it.
OMG I saw ST in the hallway when the call was on he was in the vent I closed the cameras.... And springtrap scared me on night 2 My heart jumped out of my chest Good game scott I need to get used to those scares I do not think I will sleep at all tonight
I love it but I'm sure this is because of the demo, but in the minigames, you can't jump or save any ghost children. But there is a theory that I am just really really dumb of the point that I can't jump. I don't know. You're awesome, keep up the best work ever 
Im so happy but scared Nothing wrong with the game but i wanna add somthing. Ideas put a picture of all the phantoms and when there ready can jumpscare the player second is that readd the custom nights but when you do it you can do 20202020 mode and put the phantoms third is to add mood lights in the office that will be grey and add power again like fnaf 1 and fnaf 2 fourth is that can we all seal every vent but it takes power faster fith is to add the mask
Love it Avery time i play your game, i die to quickly. I just started But since your scott, i will probably just keep it five stars because im your fan Just letting you know. And hey Make a video for your game. Avery body else has it Add your fnaf 3 trailer video except the coming soon part. Do for your full version to and SPOILER ALERT fnaf 4 is finally coming soon release date 10  31 15 October 31 and a movie and sorry i do not no the date of the movie. Patients is advert you.
The End... These Series has 3 Games but this one is MY most Favorite When I Saw Phantom BB Then I lowered my Monitor Then he goes like eeeeeeeekkk I knew this is the Last Game of this series All the six child's are now In The Heaven.. Cuz I Got The Good Ending Im Really Thankful To you Scott If any possible rumors that there's Fnaf  4 Hope Scott make it if it is Confirmed
PLS MAKE  A 3D FREE ROAM FNAF RESAURANT OR FNAF 4 Scott I love this game and im planning on buying it too but if you ever make fnaf 4 pls do but make it a bit different like turning it to a 3d fps game like if one of the animatronics move and break something you have to get out of your office and fix it without getting killed or something like that so PLEEEASE MAKE FNAF 4 LIKE THIS PLEEEEEAAASSSE
Never stop playing I got a new phone so I had to download this app again. I love everything about FNAF I even have that real life book about it  I almost cried at the end  and the Tshirt Love It
OMG When I played it it was so crazy that there is only one robot in the  five night's at Freddy's 3 I can't wait for it to be on Xbox360 and the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4.
LOVE IT I defeated all the night it was scary and fun at the same time  but  in the first night wasn't that long from the other night.Yeah but what I don't how come the animatronics attack you but don't kill you that makes no sense. scott PLEASE make fnaf 4 for Play Store   PLEASE.
Scary but EPIC scary wow. Well I completed my first night with no errors piece of cake.
For some reason spring trap also sneeks into the vents and when fantom Freddy comes out it looks like her is limping down the hall. for some reason I saw spring trap in 2 different rooms at the same Tim I thought one if therm had to be bonnie but I don't know.
Very Scaryyy In trying to scare you but make sure you look both ways...cause he come out of nowhere sometimes...once i got so scared and i ended up dropping my phone thats how scary this game is but its still a good game
Fnaf is my favorite horror game In October 31,2015 the first game im going to get fnaf 4 I'm excited
Amazing Is spring trap in the back ground crying or am I really hallucinating because I had my volume on my tablet all the way on high and there was someone or something crying with footsteps.
AMAZING This is one of thee best games in the world even though its only the demo it will shoot your laid down hair into spiked up monster hair because monsters don't even begin to cover this game                                                            Absolutely amazing Keep it up Freddy makers
O.O Omfg those other animatronics are horrifying .... Jesus its so fudging spooky I didn't find springtrap too scary, but his scream still gave me a fright. Its a shame that the last one will be out soon. The story line is just so amazing, and its quite unique and original. I actually really liked the story line. I love it
OMG The last night I saw chika,Freddy,foxy,and I was staring at the gold bunny for the last hour I wish there were more nights
Good job I was so excited for this game and it was worth the hype and I personally think that this is the best fnaf game so far you should of seen my reaction when I discovered the game on YouTube I immediately watched streams on twitch all night and the next day I ended up buying it myself I don't think you should make a 4th game but if you do at least take a 2 or 3 month break because you probably have other things to do but overall I think this is the best horror game I've ever played
Fnaf Well I love but every time I play night 2 like around 1 or 2 am I get killed by springtrap otherwise  I love it can't wait till fnaf 4 comes out
Five nights at freddys three is awsome It is so cool.And you know whats cooler you can actually get the birthday cake an comfort the crying child.
