Great app Not bothered about backing up. This is a great app to track everything symptoms moods all sorts. The whole package.
The best Such an useful app. The only thing though, I wish the pain symbols were different for each type of pain. Minor complaint, otherwise it's great, highly recommend it
Makes it easy to track cycles  symptoms I love this app It's easy to use, has a surprisingly good set of features, and I've never had any bugs or issues with it.  I love the notification settings and the chartsreports that help me easily see at a glance how regular or irregular my cycles are.  When I first started using it I was trying to track my temperature and  ovulation etc. to avoid pregnancy, and the app definitely made that easier than doing it on paper like I had been.
Love it I love this app. I would like to see blood pressure added to the list as well. And maybe make the medication list editable.
Easy to use, customize and recover I have used every function of this app except pregnancy mode. Every function works perfectly and I've never had a problem recovering data from my email. I've customized it to track everything that I need to, which in my case is quite a bit. I'd love to see a sync option because I use the app on 2 devices and it's a pain to have to remember to email backup  recover files each time I use the alternate device   but the app is perfect otherwise,thanks
Excellent product. I love the note taking ability. It helped me track symptoms. My gynecologist thought it was great as well. Worth the money and then some.
Awesome It's been the best tracker I've had. I was even afraid I couldn't download it with my new device but with relocating and looking through the comments I found out how to be able to get it easily switched over. 
I changed phones and couldn't figure out how to transfer the data over  what I tried didn't work.  I was in panic mode and getting pretty upset when I found the post here by witiz on 07132013  a reply to a post from 05152013 should be a few posts below mine.   The solution worked perfectly for me .  Faith in humanity and M Calendar restored.  Thanks witiz
Good App Email backup to yourself if you  need to restore data to a new phone.
Love love love...  But... I absolutely love this app and have used it for years now. However more than once when switching phones I've lost all my data Even though it's hypothetically on my SD card.  It's not or the restore fails.  Please help It would be wonderful if we could log into an account that is also backed up on line.  I kinda depend on the information I had only saved in my app....  Please help.  Other than that this is one of the very best apps on the market
Thank You Got app in 2011, gone thru 5 phones  all data still there Love I can track what I want  addadj values helps incredibly w my endometriosis.
