Update   customer support. So here I am waiting for the updateo have been using HD widgets for a very long time and no issues yet on any device wanna see what the hype is all about with the new version  5 stars all the way from me keep up the good work devs. Had an issue installing HD widgets on my tablet and the devs did an outstanding job resolving the issue I was having.  Thank you so much
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Best app to get the old HTC clocks on my Samsung Note 3. Looks even better than the old HTC flip clocks minus the sounds and full screen animations but it makes up for it with more customizations and an amazing weather app builtin And support works to solve problems fairly quickly
So far so good Ive only had it for a few hours now, but since it keeps bugging me to rate it I am. It's a nice break from zooper.  This has great options  choices for customization.
After asking this question, they sorted me out. Why is this app incompatible with my Dell Venue 7 3740 running 4.4.4 Kitkat Stock even emailed me the app.  Excellent support and help   Love this app now running on all my Android devices 0    A Big Thanks
Much improved app I had been using beautiful widgets, after getting fed up with the limitations of this app. However, thought I would retry it and am very pleasantly surprised  Much improved and easily my first choice after a few weeks' use.
AccuWeather is Broken The app worked great until the last update.  Now the weather icons dont display when using AccuWeather.  Was a 5 star app and can be again if AccuWeather is fixed.                The app was fixed 12 days after i posted that it was broken and now seems to work.  Quick response  Awrsome app  5 stars
Yes I love this app. The widgets are super customizable and user friendly. I've used this app on two phones now, and have only had minor problems when initially placing a widget wrong item loads into widget  rarely happens, easily fixed. Once placed, the widgets operate flawlessly and make the device look and operate beautifully.
