Ok as far as it goes But I can't find the lunar atlas anywhere. Galaxy S3. Am I just missing something                              Ah  Yes I am. Pinch and zoom like it was a photograph. I have wasted hours playing with this today.
I liked the free version So I got the full version to show my love. Funny thing is I had the free version for quite a while without using it much. But discovered it years later and fell in love with it. I can go back to someone's birthday or any date and see the moon phase. How cool is that My wife was born a a new moon 
Looks lovely... Seems to work fine. Don't know why people have complained about finding dates  you can go straight to them Seriously if for the price of half a cup of coffee you can't get your money's worth out of this you're hard to please 
Oh my Goodness when I first open this app I was disappointed because I thought it was not what advertised but after playing around with it I was awed at all it had. I love it  and am so sorry I prejudged it. It is wonderful and my grandchildren will love it. Thank you so much.
Good app This is a good app. One review mentioned difficulty viewing when you zoom because of the image being cropped by the screen but if you put two fingers together and slide left or right you can get to the part that isn't on the screen. It is a little tricky but just play around with it and you will figure it out. It is a lot like Google Earth on the pinching and rotating by using two fingers. Very pleased.
Samsung Avant Android Ok the little plug at the bottom asking me to buy the app so I can help feed the app developers kidsI felt guilty after a while since I enjoy this app so much  use it almost every day. It helps me to keep track of the tides  that in turn keeps me safe. The only thing is what r ya gonna feed the kids with a buck eightynine Thanks are in order though, because, it was worth it to me, I DO like the extra features. Peace
Luner phase pro, The graphics are excellent bu what let tis ap down was, I sneezed and the moon flew off the screen of my phone and so far I can't recover it     I foun out by deleting pro, then re installing I got the lunar graphics back
This is a great moonphase app. I have a 3000 swiss watch that has a moon complication, this app gives me a little more info for 2. Great Job
Moon at my fingertips As a tour guide and a photographer I can check in an instant what moon phase we have. I can also use the app to explain to guests how it all works 
Space out I found this a few years ago and it's always been fun to see background on my tablet rotate as we go through the days and weeks months. Jj
Fantastic App I love the information you get and the graphics are amazing. Runs very smooth on my Galaxy Tab S2
Thanks for the Great app,  I love it This is one of my favorite app's, beautifully done.  Thank u 
Everyone should upgrade to pro version. Thank you developers for an amazing job done
Phases of the Moon, Pro version Samsung Galaxy S4  5 stars  I'm finally clear on the difference between waxing and waning.  I DO love this app. It's delightful and thoroughly enjoyable as well as educational and entertaining.
FOR THE CHILDREN Love the app.   So do my children.   When we look at the app or gaze at the Moon in the sky,  we will wish the best for all the children of earth   Thanks.
A really good app, but the moon rise and set times are missing in the app as it is showing in above pictures.
Moon phase Totally love this app Especially all the Apollo moon landing sites....neat to know the sites where man has set foot
