my life is non existent anymore I play this game endlessly omg.. my kids and I play together.. me and my older brother play it. our neighbors.. even my ex wife got hooked on this. I never rate games ever. get this game.
Fix all crashes because every 50 mins into the game it crashes plz fix also add moon lord he,s one of my favs plz add another thing can you use armour stand you know what I mean also outstanding joob on game  there are hardly any bugs add it so to where we can pay goggle play money or apple money or iOS money and get another world slot or charater  or get both deals on cloud save
Over a year and still playing This game killed minecraft for me.  I own this game on phone ps3 and xbox one this is sure to be a classic thank you for this gem of a game Devs 
Awesome Game but, The game keeps crashing about 30 minutes to an hour after starting the game, and when I am scrolling in the crafting menu  plz fix. And please make it to where you can craft from anywhere again because i really loved that Thank you.
Please help Can you please fix the crashing. I beat the wall of flesh and it crashed and o didn't get his lppt because it despawned. Awesome game just very irritating
Great game I enjoy this game a lot it has a lot of replay value even if you have done everything its always fun to do it again especially with some friends using multiplayer mode and make some challenges for yourself
Yaya thank you My game keeps crashing but by your support its fixed now thank you so much I love this game as well I love growtopia and u guys have just added trophys epic thanks  
AWESOME GAME Hey makers of terraria i just wanted you to know that you are finally successful in making a freaking awesome addictive game and they did not pay me but i must say it is a must buy game for everyone i hope that 1.3 will be out soon happy day ahead for people reading this
1.3 Is it ever going to reach 1.3 Like really I been waiting for 7 months for this please implement 1.3 please ' . it's very sad cause I played it on pc and its awesome But we don't have it on Android Please add it please                                                           Like if this is what you want  0.                    Is this what you people want. Like to show the love to 1.3.                 0 0 0 0 0.           Show the LOVE to 1.3 .    THANKS  
Great game my favorite but I just that you can get the stuff on console onto this it would give  10 out of 5 
Creepy, buggy but Terraria... I found this game to be perfect for moments like whenever I am sitting around in a car or waiting for something. Its the perfect game to keep you destracted when bored or have no internet. It was good but then again there are A LOT of bugs, but also that stalker amount of personal information that's leaked it shows when your about to install.
Awesome Amazing game but can you please make the blood moons only happen when  your close to your town or some thing like thatMy first blood moon happened when I least waunted it to when I was mineing, I left the game so I could do some research on blood moons
Request to the Terraria mobile team I would like to point out a bug, perhaps Since, it kept happening after the last update, and surprised to say that my Terraria crashes randomly. It might be hardware, but I do hope that you would fix it.
