First family trip We are one day into our 21 day trip and tripit has been splendid so far.
Great easy to use app Been using it frequently and it helped me to plan and navigate my journeys. Its a great app.
Good application This is the best application for my trip. Both for business or leisure. My confirmation and everything saved into one place.  I have one suggestion, why don't you work together with TripAdvisor So if we mark a place at TripAdvisor, will be shown up at itenerary. Will be very very helpful. And can you make the function becomes much better, by making a automatic itinerary like visitacity. Com do
Broken Great, we're just leaving on vacation today and the app crashes when I try to open it. And we're supposed to rely on this for all our travel plans
Great app Easy to use, simple...Great value
Can't imagine travel planning without it Easy to use and it does a great job of organizing all my travel emails
Extremely useful Extremely useful app for any traveller. I it works
Tripit
Been using it for years This has been a very convenient app for me to organize and recall my travel plans.  Just continues to get better without annoying constant updates.
Excellent tool We've used this for more than 150k kilometers of flights, hotels, buses, trains, and other notes  wouldn't travel without it
An essential travel companion I've been using Tripit for nearly 3 years now. The OCR technology makes building itineraries a breeze and provides a quick reference point for all my key travel information.  It's particularly useful for people that do a lot of international business travel. A must for download
Perfect I've let it become almost indispensable to keep plans organized  updated, and to keep me updated as well.
Never travel without it...years now Travel for work weekly and it keeps car. Hotel. Flight in one spot with directions and maps. Also notifies of gates and departure changes.
Can't travel without it. Having itinerary all in one place, and receiving notifications of changes makes traveling easier.
Does what I need I love being able to forward my trip info to TripIt and my wife can see my details.  The sharing feature is great.
Perfect Road Warrior Tool Best answer I've seen to keep track of which city, hotel and flight are important today.
