Brilliant app Unlike the England team this app was easy to use and follow and made it all the way to the final without crashing out it has been great when I've been on the road so I can catch up or follow live. Can't wait to use it again for the next world cup in Japan.
Great Perfectly planed app, good layout and easy to navigate, did not crash throughout tournament, the only thing that crashed was the wallabies losing against the almighty Allblacks Yeahhaa
As Perfect as the All Blacks Excellent app. Visually appealing, outstanding performance, and superb breadth, quality, and layout of information. Awesome app fitting the quality of RWC 2015 and the invincibility of the All Blacks. Wonder what 2019 will bring. Well done
Pleasant experience App push information that suited my tastes. Having a quick link to my team was a huge help. Though it hung from time to time, the over experience was still pleasant. Thank you for creating the app 
Great app This is a great app it a good app because if I am away I can get information from it.I rate this app 5stars
Epic Free audio is amazing. Even better if you could build in live video even if it's paid. Network rights are an archaic concept  move on.
I absolutely loved it I loved that I could get all the rugby information and back my team up. It's a pity the world Cup is over for my team. So I just wanted to say thanks so much for this app u were a major help.
to good just like the Mighty Allbacks.great app.wish all apps were this good.good job.absolute top dollar app this one.
Got me through the world cup. Jah is love All Black's forever
Ozeaze Wallabies winning so app works for me. Highlight notification and edit is great.
Right on the ball All the information you need at the time that you need it. Presented well with clear explanations. No more needs to be said.
Easy to use Easy to use, full of info and facts, easy to find matches etc. Well done.
Amazing It has everything you could possibly need about the world cup
Loved it Loved it. Streaming was a bit of an issue sometimes but worked after a while. Great app very easy to use
Excellent but I can't play or watch the highlights video. Hope u can fix it.
Enjoy using the app, had everybody at work playing kick it
For any rugby nut A great app for anyone is mad on rugby Works really well on my new phone.
Roy R Ward Just brilliant. Sporting results and highlights instantaneously.
Worked great Awesome app,that kept me up to date with a great tournament
Sgs6e Good quality clips and information. GO THE KIWIS
