Great collection Excellent,well design layouts.  Worth every penny, especially to get rid of the annoying ads.
I love it There is an overwhelming selection of games and varieties of ways to play many of them, there are many backgrounds and card designs to choose from too. It's my favorite solitaire app I had a technical issue and developers were very responsive and released an update quickly. I'm very happy with the app and with them  
I Still like this APP and recommend it but for the last few weeks there seems to be a problem. Problem is if I start a certain type game and stop to go back to it later, it is no longer there. The same type game is still there, but now it is a new game at the beginning and not the exact one I started. This never happened before unless I did a restart of the phone or the APP received an Update.  Is this a bug or is there a setting I need to change. 
Favorite All Time Game Purchase This is my favorite all time Android game purchase.  I've played it on multiple phones over a few years. It's also huge fun
Great game Is there a way to reset your bank in Casino Klondike If so, I'll go five stars
Solitaire megapack So many games of solitaire, i may never get to try them all.  I especially like the variations on games. Scorpion is hard to win. But the flexable variation wasp , is easy to win.
So many solitaire games This has almost every solitaire game you could imagine. If it's not there, they'll find it, or build it in Great gameplay and great supportcommunication by the Tesseract crew. There's no need for any other solitaire app. This is all you need
Mega Pack Indeed Had no idea there was that many ways to play solitaire, love the interface and as for the price, surely your devs have made a mistake in pricing 
Best Solitaire game on Android. Using a Samsung Galaxy tab 4. Worth the 99 cents for sure. Great way to kill time with so many solitaire games to play from very easy to extremely challenging.
Very Happy Happy Customer Super happy with revisions for the app that were released last night  This Solitaire game pack is, By Far, the Best there is out there... Believe me, I looked around after the unhappiness with the previous update  Nothing even came Close  Thank you
Twos Blues My favorite game is Pyramid of Thieves. As you draw cards any twos are supposed to automatically cover any Aces you have showing. Instead what's happening is I hear a click but no card is drawn.  When I hit UNDO I will find a two that did not draw.  Since building up the foundations is critical to winning if I don't catch this extra click I can lose the game. Can you please look into this glitch Otherwise this is the best collection that I wish I could get on my iPad.  Thanks.
Fantastic Huge selection, lots of options for appearance  play, clearly organized. Works smoothly. Developer responds quickly  helpfully to questions  issues. Excellent.
Solitary Mega Pack Love this game, can't get enough of it. There is so many types included, I never get bored.
Perfect You cannot go wrong with this game. I played the free version for a very long time and now just love the upgraded vesion. The game is great, options are many and the customer service is absolutely 5 star
Use it all the  time  Got instructions and easy to  view  graphics.
Soltaire MegaPack Diverse challenge levels.  Really pleasedvwith choices.  Addictive.
I really like it, but the UI could use two improvements 1. I keep hitting the back button and exiting the game  How about making backundo  2. Currently I have to drag a card or pile all the way to its destination, and release.  How about just throwing a card or pile towards a valid destination, and having the software pick the nearest valid destination for you  EDIT The new smart tap feature does exactly what item 2 asked for
I love this app Endless fun so many games to get hooked on
Best and most importantly  THE solitaire  games of choice.
Great app,  no problems Best solitaire app I've found on Android or iOS.
User friendly. Good mix of games play daily.  like fireworks when win a game.  Thanks.
Solitare mega pack I cannot beat grandma's game Anyone with any hints
Go to time filler I love this app It's an excellent way to fill 5 minutes here and there without draining battery too much or having too many distractions. I play it at least 23 times a day trying to best my freecel time. I also love the little fireworks at the end I can tap them for hours...
Great games,  and well worth the low price for no ads. Really like the new look, too.
Owned over a year. Great solitaire games
Solitaire Megapack More different solitaire games than you'll ever need.
Lots of fun Now waiting time isn't that long anymore wherever I'm at. My husband is asking how can I play that all the time.  very relaxing...
I love it They added my favorite solitary. I have no complaints.  Its the best.
This has every game you could want.
Thanks, so many ways,  not enough days.
