Worldcraft Update couple things pls Please Update the game more  and when you update it pls make more pretty skins. I love it its fun to play. But i want more skins please      please add things and change the skins
Its great Guys, for a free version of minecraft, you really cant get much better than this. If you want all of that stuff, then buy mincraft pocket edition. The only thing i would like to have, however, is portals. Not to the nether, but just to another one you have set up somewhere else. Also, minecarts and tracks would be greatly appreciated.
I love this game but i dont understand, why there are no egg spawns for the animals, and taming. And please take the adds off the screen in the game, they cover the objects your trying to click on in chests, and when your trying to look around for any monsters.We would like to tame wolves, and horses, cats, dogs, PLEASE PUT ANIMALS AND ANIMAL SPAWNS IN CREATIVE MODE
Just to good I like it very much and please add other mobs and portals that would be greatly pleased by me and again Awsome app i can't stop playing this game and again please add the things i said god bless you thank you
it's so awesome OMG I love it so much in the beginning its a little laggy then it we'll be fine you should download it plz
I love it Cause I'm finding a mulitplayer map for minecraft cause my classmates are bullies so this is my last day guys bye everybody bye everything in the world crying goodbye gets knife and stabs herself to death
I so lucky like this games Because the games is so cool and if the survival isSo hard I don't like the survival games. but I like the creative mod we can build an castel,house ,a flower and a farm. not like survival tag survival say this la that la I don t know they say what I don t like survival but I like creative.
It's fun my favorite game the thing that I don't like is that on survival there's no water for swimming or lava To die in like mine craft. But it really is cool because it's 70 like mine craft and it's free and another thing I don't like is that on creative there's no mien carts but overall it is 5 stars
Updates Plz make more updates, the game is already awesome, it would be much better if you could add bow, water and lava, arrows  for the bows , TNT, fire and more mobs, it would be like a dream coming true 
The best game This game is just amazing the only thing I do not like if there's no fences no signs and there's no water but if you put those things to to the side this is the best game I ever played
I love the new update it has trapdoors cool. If your house is getting destroyed you only have to build a wall around the house
What u talking 'bout This game is soooo good If a pumpkin head shoots through your walls why don't ya guys play on creative  or  build it Millon's of feet UNDERGROUND Cause if you are under ground and sealed up the gap with mud grass blocks then you cannot get hit... And this is a GIRLS appinion
It is really great It has new blocks that act like traps and survival mode is so cool and creative you can create many things
More skins Please let the players make their own skin that would be awesome just like the original minecraft I love everything from the game,the only thing that bothers  me is the skins so please add it Thank you for reading this
Awesome I love this game but I was thinking if u can add pokemon skins because there is a world called pokemon planet and i really like pokemon so can u make that happen plz  also can u get rid of the 40 limit I try to play in my favorite worlds but it says sorry player limit reached and so I get bored so plz do that but besides that THIS GAME IS AWESOMEP.S. add nighttime to creative mode
