So much fun It's a lot of fun to keep swiping to build up numbers and meet new friendly characters and get a high score. The music is great and the style is very nice.
Best 2.99 i ever spend, this game really never gets old and its very addicting. Great for time killing.
Wonderfully Addictive Time Sink I have to be very careful before opening this game because I can get lost in it for hours. Once you start racking up the higher multiples it becomes very addictive. I wish there was a way to bookmark boards so you could go back and try a different path forward. So frustrating when you realize you have chosen poorly.
Fun Puzzler 3's is a fairly difficult combine like numbers puzzler that challenges you to think several steps ahead, keep your board clear, you scores high, and setting up big plays. It's fun, and pretty easy to play for a couple of minutes but you can set yourself a high goal and spend all week on getting there. It's fun, simple, and deep. There's not much more you can ask from a mobile puzzler. 55
A labor of love I love this game the high quality of it the fact that each number square had its own look and personality is wonderful I love to hear the cute voices whenever I match blocks each time I play it I get better at it I feel like I'm learning every time I play it's a game you actually have to think about before you move I would compare this game to eating a fine dessert you enjoyed what you played and you are happy to go back for more
Fantastic Gameplay with Charm The game is just very fun and doesn't get old, I've been playing since the game came out. It's addicting. The atmosphere of the game is also great, the music and visuals make for a very pleasant gaming experience. Wonderful
Beautiful game. This is an amazing little game with soothing art style and music. It's easy to pick up and play, so I keep coming back to it whenever I have a quick ten minutes or so to spend. Getting to 3072 is not too difficult, but 6144 is a completely different beast so it's not easy to beat the game if that is what you are after. I still strongly recommend it as it's a perfect example of a mobile game done right.
Addicting and awesome This was a great buy, can't recommend this game enough. I think I've stayed awake to 3 am the last 4 nights playing. There is something mesmorizing about combining number together. The cute number tiles and sounds bring a lot of personality to the game as well. This is a very polished product, obviously a tremendous amount of effort went into this. Also met the dev once, super cool guy I look forward to more of his work.
Simple  but tricky too I love games like this. I guess if you like things like 2048, I guess you would like this too. I like how the tiles move, and a few little bits and bobs like that. A very simple pleasure.
Amazing game It is a challenging puzzle game that is still casual and newbie friendly. This game has a lot of charm and character with cute sound design and nice visuals. It honestly makes you want to meet the new numbers to see what their personality will be I look forward to future work from this dev. Now that there is a free ad supported version, you can try it with no risk No reason not to give it a bash.
I've installed and uninstalled this game several times because every time I install it, IT TAKES OVER MY LIFE. But I always go back. 
In love with 3's for life. In my opinion this game is the Final Fantasy VII of mobile games. I can play for hours and not get bored. I've played this game on road trips, using the restroom, at work, anywhere i can use my phone. This is game really makes you think to attain a higher skill level. AMAZING
Marvelous I've spent hundreds of hours on this game, very well made, well polished and relaxing.
Fantastic. The original is worth it This game is a lot of fun, and also a great challenge. It can be played in short sessions or for long periods of time. It's truly easy to learn and so hard to master. Read about the story of its development  love the dev even more. Play Threes
Dude I don't like to play games on my phone but this game is just way too good. 5 minutes turns into 3 hours easy.
Great Well designed, easy concept and joyful
Very fun game It's a very simple and fun game. Will keep you entertained and wanting to reach higher scores. Love this game
Visual Glitch On the Xperia z tablet cards show up as black. Looks ok on phones though
Still great after all this time My phone doesn't have a lot of space, so I have to delete games pretty often to make room for new games. This one doesn't get deleted. The gameplay is simple but deep, and the aesthetics are topnotch. Plus, works equally well as a game to fill a five minute gap in your day or an hour long bus ride.
Perfect puzzle game Don't play 2048, this is so much better.  There is a better basis to the puzzle and everything from the illustrations to the music to the voices is charming
Brilliant design Clearly, a lot of thought went into making this game a perfect balance between challenging, fun and replayable. Belongs in the same category as Tetris good enough to launch a thousand clones.
Threes  I had to buy this puzzle app, it's the best I've ever played
Not what I expected, but better This game at first glance looks like 2048. It really isn't though. The music is fun, and the voices are adorable. Threes is more than a cute version of 2048 however, the game itself is much different.
Threes This game is addicting...my son hates the sounds but I always laygh
Don't buy this game  It's addictive. Thought I'd try this game and see what it's like. I suddenly lost two hours.....
Great Game Challenging  Fun  I play Threes every day
addicting simple mechanics and yet endless gameplay, can't stop playing it
GREAT GAME I went to the Samsung store today and I saw this game on a phone and I remembered that I got rid of this game for some reason then I thought oh ya I loved that game and I asked myself why I got rid of it so I got it again and I still love it
1024 with strategy. The game that spawned all those 1024 games. But the original is the best, because it actually requires you to think.
