Great games They make you think but they are short and entertaining. The only issue I have is the exact change game would be nice to be able to change it to USD
It is a very bad game i hate this game hate hate hate hate
Games are cool It is a really good game and even the diffacult level is easy I would recommend it to anybody xxxx
Seriously michelle Theirs no currency factor to the money change game. If you can make change out of a 50.00 US, you can do the math in CAN AUS EUR. You dont need to convert unless your working with 2 systems. The point to this math is to calculate using whole and partial units. If you need to convert then use a calculator. My input is please take the time restriction off all the logic games. They take longer then 2 minutes to figure one out and it causes me to ignore the logic section.
My favorite game app I'm addicted to several of these games. Haven't had any problems either. LOVE it.
Very nice game Its nice know our rank in world...moreover  improve our skills
Don not know but My title is that because of that my game is downloading and i don not know how the game is
Train ur brain Awesome time killer and keeps u sharp.
Not for me but... If you like testquizzes this is for you,but not for me 
Love it Always a fan of brain boosters. Really helps
Veryyyyyyyyy nice game It's difficult somewhere but it is Very nice Aap 
Good for brain. Though it sometimes does mistake its  a nice app
Good game This game can sharp our mind.
The brain game I have had a great time playing the game. I love the way it works. 
Best Brain game Love this game, its fun, challenging, and the different games really make you think.
I loved it I the Exact change game  . I always play in Hard only...
I like it. I think this is a great app.  It never gets old because you can switch between a large variety of games.  It keeps you motivated to beat your personal records.
Download Now At first it was ok but then I'd realized it offered much more then i expected. Great for training your mind, my stepchildren love it as well.
Zbrdast..... No.1 game yr...so awesome. ..it is such as a IQ increasing game..nyc..
Real Brain exercise Very good game
Wow. Gonna have fun with this one
Love it It's cool game
Good game Everyone should download this
It's very delighting Good and fast. It's just a booster of our brain
The best brain exercise
