Luv Libbi Libbi games are fun and great for young girls. I find myself making different styles and fashions with all these salon games. This one I suggest to get.
Luv  Libbi Libbi games are fun and great for young girls. I find myself making different styles and fashion with all these salon games. This one I suggest to get.
Next should be Ariel,  try making all the disney princesses,  than I promise I will tell al my cousins, friends about this app. Anyway loved this game
You should make Make Ariel next and make it where we cant put makeup on her and dress her up as a mermaid and then a human and she goes to a ball or something.
She is my favorite princess My daughter and her friend's was playing and I took over to help them and found my self watching all the videos so I could have more things to play dress up with
Perfect I love this game This game is so cool I love it best game ever it's amazing stupendous scrumptious I love this game
Cinderella Great for toddlers and lots of fun. My 3 year old granddaughter enjoys it thoroughly
You guys make the best game Did you know my name is Cinderella too but they shorten my name ad call me Cyndi but I like the two name
6uh add hhvhgkkfjbjhhjvhbetjadd shogun the morningof the night. it is 8 Kaleb the dr it is. I am thankful for all the way back toll Paltrow calf comp l p Volvo invincibility position
Hi I'm Cinderella Do you want the glass slipper I have  so if you do just come to my castle. My castle is in the secret garden in ther you will fine me
              lucky patcher                   .   yes      
Wow My daughter loved the game so much she is getting it on her laptop,tablet,and other davices
Anonymous This game is great for the younger ones. And maybe some of the older people out there aswell like me
I love libii But.why when i open it in the first it works but the second it will just show the libii logo and it returns me to the home screen
I have never played a game in such a beautiful manner I loved it very much every thing is so different in this game I loved this game Thanks for inventing this game
Nice game All my friend have this game even few boys from my class but why you wrote Ella not cinderilla Please answer that question...
Sqeeeee My kids love it I finally get some peace and quiet THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU Oh it's great for any age of kid my 17 year old loves the game. One request make a game that focuses on the Fairy God Mother.
Libii is so fun I wanted a fun game so ityped in dress up and then a Libii game came up and I got it and luked it and now I got all the games.
I love Libbi games but U need to buy it to unlock the locked things and the locked things is so beautiful and exiting things plz fix it
It is very amazing game i liked it toooo so nice... Bt many things are locked....thats all
Love it I have always loved Cinderella but this game is awesome Libbi can you please make a subscribe for your games. These games are awesome and I would love to try to get all of them. 
