Love it A great and fun game just like regular monster busters Updates were nice too thanks so mooch.
Addictive
Gud stress reliever I don't no y I couldn't b on the same level I was on just bcuz I changed my FB account
I'm Addicted So when I downloaded this game I really thought I was going to hate it. So I am fully suprised that I'm am addicted to it. More than any of my candy crush games. I have no idea why but I love this game.
Its a great time waster. You'll be hooked once you start playing. Thanks y'all
Better than Candy Crush I expected this to be like another Candy Crush wannabe be, but it turned out far different.  I even like the boss feature, reminds me of my Mario days.  I am really enjoying the game.   Samsung Galaxy S6.
Adorable Very cute. There are so many match 3 games out there, but this one is cute enough and unique enough to enjoy playing more then most others.
Great game It's as fun as other like games but has an extra twist.  Once I started I couldn't stop.
Hexa Blast Monsters My very favorite and addictive game 
Great game Totally addicted. Loved the fact ot gave me a week of unlimited lives and keys for my birthday D
Hexa Blast RE Thanksgiving update... turkeys don't die no matter how many times you hit them. What's up with that
Great game I've been playing that for a while now and I have had no problems whatsoever.
Monster hex blaster I like it better than candy crush. I like the rewards and the length of play.
I love this game I love this game. It's fun, challenging  well worth my time.
Monster bashing I love playing this game.  No pressure. No timer. Come and go as you please. It's great for relieving stress as you bash through the monsters
Fun, fun, fun Excellent game. Different from other match 3 because of the shape
Re Maria Eberle Just because you did not reach your goals this week, does not mean you should give the game 1 star. Put on the big girl panties and be fair GREAT GAME
Okay game to me. I'm seeking the difference from Candy Crush. haven't found it yet.
Almost as good as Monster Busters I find this more difficult and therefore more fun in many ways. Only minor down side is that I reached the stage of many attempts at one level very early on. Stage 150 
 Great game all around..hexagon shape makes it more difficult Quicker life replacement, and only 6 hours for keys Not bad
Awesome Great game and you don't have to spend tons of money to advance
MONSTER BUSTER HEX BLAST AND EXCELLENT GAME WITH LOTS OF CHANGELLAGES.
Monster Buster Excellent time spent playing this game very addictive and good graphics well worth 5 stars
Great game This game is fun and so many levels to move up.
Fun game Fun to play with a challange. I like it better than most games be ause the lives to play dont take forever and the rewards are pretty good.
variety of different challenges. entertaining and makes tou think
Great game Love it. Tough enough in places to be a challenge but not so tough that makes you give up
