I love it very much 
 I don't understand the dumb people complaining about adds .... just turn off mobile data or wifi while using the app ....
I loved this game AWesome and beautiful game app please install this game and rate this game app
I've never seen a better game than this It's soo interesting I just had to try it and I downloaded it so I could play it some more
I just love it....... Amazing game with super features
Very sweet game I loved it very much
Nice game
I love this game
Sexy and wander super
Better appreciate
Loved it Best game
Princess Makeup face
princess
I give it 5 star but I think that you have very little things at this game so I need more items. so good luck. I am sure that you will able to reach the top of games.
Best game loved it I want more games like this loved it I would give it more stars but there are only five must download it once a time the princess is too much beautiful and dresses and accessories too
Loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed it toooooooo much I love this game to much its a perfect game for me and other girls like me but other who don't like this game they are stupid and have to go Agra in mental hospital
So cool I love love love loved it and cool
Amazing The bestest game brand...     Salon games are the best I always prefer these brand games very very nice
Princess salon I loved it . When the make up is  done she looks just like a real princess.
Beauty Princess Makeup Salon I loooooovvvveeeddd it. It was amazing I loved it. I would recommend this game to someone who likes make up and princess's
Isabella Loves a game my granddaughter loves the game she's crying cuz I'm holding in my hand right now she wants the phone
Princess The way you dreamed So many outfits, accessories, hair styles  colors, shoes, crowns and on  on. When finished the spa, makeup and dressing don't forget to take the  photo of the Princess you made up We love this application Check out other apps by the same maker, you will love them too 
So   cool Best 2ent  game ever call of duty  is first  it is so much fun loved it
Loved it It was so god for my style I mean it was good for me to learn some ore style
Almost no ads I love because there are almost 0 ads
