Call me a newbie no really, feel freeI only rooted my phone less than a week ago and installed CyanogenMod a couple of days ago. XD, but all of the features seem to only work on a custom ROM. That's not something to knock off a star for, though.
Worth Every Penny This bad boy does it all. It's a dozen other lesser apps rolled into one, and they're BETTER versions of those apps, not crappy truncated ones. You could spend hours using this to tweak your phone and still not utilize all the tools. Best app I've installed in years.
ROM Toolbox Gold Another great app from this developer, basically this is my education on all things root. For the complexity of the process and abilities you can perform with this app he has made it quite easy to navigate and perform. It is definitely worth the upgrade.If you like to tinker then this app is for you , its all inclusive.
Does one need anything else This is the only rootrelated tool i've ever needed for my devices SGS2, N7, and ASUS TF300. Seems to be able to do everything one could want from such a tool.
Best root dev. Best root app. Period. Update JRummy pulls thru, never lost faith it was coming   ty  This is an absolute MUST have for anyone w root or considering rooting. Support this man,  he works hard on his apps and is all about customer service,  and he asks for very little in return. Buy him a beer and be happy w the exceptional value of this app. Others may imitate,  but there is only one CHAINFIRE keep up the awesome work man.  Supporter for life.
Wonderful Great when ya know what you're doing...excellent when ya figure out what ya did wrong. UDATE  I am a currentformer prograndma pun intended from the previous century, and this is such a marvelous tools I've never once had an urge to tear it apart and rebuild anything about it. Wish I could say the same thing about the engine of my old car. GREAT APP
Capable This is truly a powerful application for people who like to tinker with their phones and ROMs. Sadly some of my favorite features were removed due to the nature of them but it is still amazing.
Replaces at least 5 pay apps Works really well and does what it says it does. Also found out you can turn on graphical view of free space. Best root app ever
Great app This app is great and a musthave for those of us who are rooted and like to...tinker. It's important to put the price into perspective... How much he asks for MIGHT by him a cheap beer. Doubtful nowadays. You spend more than this on those cigarettes you just bought, that soda you just had to have, those Twinkies. Someone said Pay it Forward in the comments. That's very true. At least buy this man a cheap beer. Thanks Dev. You havnt disappointed.
One of the best Since switching to Android a few years ago there aren't many apps that have consistently remained on my phone.  This is one of them.  Its a real Swiss army knife of an app and a must for anyone who roots their phone and wants more control.  The app has been very well maintained by the developer as well.  In fact I'd happily pay more for future updates.  Devs have to eat 
All great things must come to an end I've been using this for over 2 years. first on a galaxy epic, then s3,  now Nexus 5. It has come a long way from its roots.                                          UPDATE  APP IS UPDATED AND WORKING ON LOLLIPOP. I was definitely worried about the apps development for a while but the developer has come through
Marshmallow issue Updated to marshmallow, can't find my external sd card in the file manager. I am using the SD card as a portable storage and not part of the system storage.
Needs some upkeep Backing up phone data leads to imminent failure, and there is still no interface for GPU controls, even now in KitKat. Reviewed on a LG Optimus 4x running CyanogenMod 11 Android 4.4.2.
The epic root utility suite. ROM tool kit pro is the onestopshop app for root users.  It has everything you're looking for and a few you're not. Why root your device just to bog it down with a boat load of crap. ROM tool kit places all those same mechanisms place.
