Nostalgia This is a great app and it's great to play old games once again. D
Awesome app Not much to say apart from thank you
Super quick response,  problem solved.  Thank you very much.Fantastic app,  great Dev. Keep up good work.
No Comment I love this app. Fast, light, and very easy to use. Good job
This app is fantastic Works great on Shield portable.
Happeh Best app evaaaaaaa
As good as it gets
Outstanding Simply the best psx emulator on android
Good
Awesome Now it works like a  charm after tinkering in the settings After Tinkering in the sound to get it lined up with the game, it work's flawless, Another satisfied customer. Thanks for the help as well.
Does its job It's a great app I haven't found a game that doesn't work yet you can make the resolution better but only issue I found is when you increased the resolution the sound becomes a bit buggy in using a archos gamepad 2 perhaps it's not up to it or its the app but I'll be trying it on another device once I get one but other than that and you prefer the retro PlayStation look then this is perfect
Perfect Best emulator on the market. Tried another top emulator and it did not run anywhere near as smooth and the sound emulation sucked. Getting great fps with this and sound emulation is 1010 which is important for games like ff7 with an amazing sound track. Dropbox save backup is a must too. This ticks all the boxes.
The best PS1 emulator for android I can't thank you enough for your work on this emulator. Tried all the rest and this one is easily the best  easy to set up, no issues with audio glitches and smooth game play with no speed issues or lag. Great stuff  update Nov 2015 I thought this was great but you freakin killed it with that double resolution. It's way beyond great now
Best emulator on android Wow. Great update. Didn't think it could get much better. Graphics look sharp with this update. excellent app. Excellent support. Buy now if u haven't already. Keep up the excellent work.
Fantastic to finally see GPU HD rendering Great to see HD rendering update, as with FPse moving away from slow in accurate opengl builds. Makes the games look fantastic without the issues presented with opengl, great work. Would love to see X4 for high end devices in the future as I'm sure newer high ends could handle it. The progress of psx emulation this year has been fantastic, keep it up
It just keeps getting better Most games run flawless and dualshock 4 works perfectly except for vibration, can use some imrpovements but its still awesome to have it in my pocket. Thanks and congrats to dev.
Fantastic update, best yet The new HW 2x resolution is the key to finally running MDK without all the glitches that made it unplayable in OpenGL. Now I can stop messing about with all the OpenGL options for every game just to get them to work properly. Highly recommended, definitely the best PSX emulator. Would second the other reviewer about going even higher on HW resolution, I'm sure my NVidia Shield TV could handle it.
Wooow OK so I love this app It's compatibility is amazing and well made I downloaded this got the bios setup and then bought a otg cabe for controller used a 3rd party controller I took the wireless USB plugged it in to the otg synchronized the controller and viloa wireless controller ALL my game work flawlessly on my 80 Walmart tablet lol updates just made it even better wow
epsxe... Enough said Have it installed on multiple devices I own... No problems so far, and that's referring to months of use
Awesomeness I miss my old ps1. This is just what I needed. Is there a ps2 app I will buy that too
Overall best PS1 emu EPSXE and FPSE are both really good but EPSXE has less glitches and much better menususer interface.  It also supports eboot pbp format isos which will save you a lot of storage space.  EPSXE's authors are very helpful if you ever have questions or issues.  HTC One M8
Great emulator but... I just bought it today. It's really a great emulator so I gived it 5 star. It worked really smooth in the begining BUT now it crashed a lot. When I'm in game for about 10 to 15 second it start crashing. I only played Suikoden II as far so I dnt knw abt other games. Can you please help me I really want to play tht game with this emulator. Thankyou. sorry for my bad english
GPU x2 is THE answer Finallly, i can play with graphic like using opengl plugin, but with smooth compatibility like using fxaahardware plugin, can i get an amen for x4 or x6
