New Its new but I don't think it is available on Google. I think it's only available on play store. I think it's a better game.
I love it It have so much fun and noting to by from the internet except the game.
I like this game but the bells are costly
Very nice
loved it
I loved it... Its so coool.
Fun and challenging
Lovely
Neel Neel
Best game This is the best game you will like but in last stages that be difficult
Super fun I love Doraemon and this is so fun.not really for kids only but good to kill time
Love it but the characters were too expensive.  Can you make easier ways to earn bells please I want to unlock more characters. I think I need 'em.
Amazing This game gives you the opportunity to earn virtual payment rather then buy it, but still gives you the opportunity to buy it aswell It's a little stressful but it's really fun Also, half of the character names are in Japanese and the other half is in English, so depending on which version you watched, the characters may be a little off. Other than that it's perfect
Full  of  fun My  best friend Doraemon  is a cartoon  character . He is a robot of 22nd century . But he has the mind that no one have . Now I am going to his repair shop which is full of fun.
The timer is stopped of daily presents. Please help me with that. How to solve this problem
It is a best game of doraemon. I love you doraemon. You are the best.  I love you.
The  Best  game  of  the  world My   big  daughter Gunin   loved  this game very  mach
I love my Wark. 16 B Taltala bazaar street
Awesome The game is superb yes it is very difficult to get doraemon and dorami
Animoca Loved this type of game so much. Excellent for passing time. Also installed My Car Salon 2. The spin is another way to earn the gold coins, no need to use your real money. I bought the Doraemon in less than a week. Try it yourself.
I love it Nice game but d levels r very difficult cuz we have to move fast, whatever I like dis  game
It is very nice game and I like the spin wheel and the smiles in the game very much
Luv it But... The best game ever i cud play i loved this game but the characters r so costly
Luv it Its a good game but little difficult.
 Cute  This game is so good ... Doraemon is kind of my childhood friend n m feeling damn good for having such game. Thanx for the app .. 
World's best game First i was thinking this game would be boring but it was so so so so superb   Never jugde a book by its cover
Awesome thanks If you have more games than
