I love this game so much
Cool game Not much into these types of puzzles but I'm hooked. Its a great stress reliever.
Perfect Very playable, different modes, good quest system although calling it coins made me worry that it would cost money
Great game Love this game, I play it when I just have a few minutes to kill You can choose your own difficulty level so it's as challenging as you wish Great game Nice, appealing colors 
Great Word Search You can fine tune the settings to make it as easy or as difficult as you wish. Kracken theme is just the right amount of silly for a game.
Surprised I didn't really think this game looked exciting or challenging at all. But buddy was I wrong. When you try that 1 vs 1 and do 30 seconds it can be difficult to find the words fast enough. I haven't tried everything yet but this detective shall see what things do and tell you later.
This is really good game that is easy to use. Choose difficulty level, size of board, gets my brain going in the morning with my coffee or any time I have a few minutes on my hands 
Great Game Different levels of difficulty. Great for a variety of reasons. Easy to operate.
It is soooooo awesome but I wish they gave a little more coins so you could unlock levels faster.
Favorite Game A great word search game to play while waiting in an office, or just waiting in general.
This is awesome I found this game through a little kid who I helped him do his homework. He let me play this game on his mother's tablet as a thank you. He was super adorable.
Fun game Great time killer, and hey, I'm sure it has some brain exercise value too
Game user Great game, but sometimes the color lines are too nuch.  Good board choices for size, etc.
Omg It help use in school. And u have fun do and u can do it with a friend or family
Shyla That is a really good game I will keep playing it if someone made a 2 one I will play it
Good if you have kids and don't want them to use something else.
Really enjoy this I've played a lot of word search games I like the fact that if I exit out I can come back and start exactly were I ended last time
Awesome Keeps me involved fr ours bt fix d prob of adds PLZ
Word Search Great for the mind and the memory. Also helps with spelling, lol 
Word search This is so fun to play when you don't have enough money to buy it
Great Game My sister got me started with this game on her phone. I put it on my phone and OMG it's addictive I work the puzzles an hour or two every day. It's good working for the mindbrain.
Love it Favorite word search app I have ever played.
Fun Good when you are waiting on line. It distract you from pain because your mind is otherwise engaged.
Word puzzle Love this game....keeps my mind rejuvenated.
Phew My pnly worry is tht if tje game downliafz or nt phew this one did
Great clean game I love that this app doesn't ask for permissions and is rated for everyone. This will be staying on my phone.
It is a good game in daily challenge you also get to know information
Alzheimer look out Challenging, fun, it helps me to focus.
Great game for my daughter to begin to recognize letters and connect words.
Great game This game really gets you thinking but it is very easy to play
Great Fantastic for a quick spare minute. Fun to see how quick you are
I LOVE IT YOU SHOULD DOWNLOAD IT OMG this game is soooo cool I love words searches they are just so you get the gize.Ok not saying you have to not sayen you cant just pick if you want to download.Another thing is that when you need to realax or let all your stress out this is the game that will help.
