Sometimes simple things are best... One doesn't have to be a child to enjoy this game. It is great for passing time and fun to try to beat your high score. My high score is 52. The pancakes are so cute that it makes it impossible to not be happy while playing this game.
Lovely When I first started this game I thought it was weird because most games aren't based on pancakes. I tried it and I thought I will beat my high score 10 then I will  unis tall,  but when I got 30 I thought I'll try one more time to get 40, so when I beat 40 I thought this game was awesome and decided to keep it Awesome game  If you haven't got it yet, get it and if you've unistalled  it... well  install it back 
Ahhh i love this game it's totally fun and cute at the same time i liked pancake's faces and everything 3 Just install it if you lije funcute stuff 
Simple It is such a simple little game. All you do is stack the pancakes as high as you can. It's actually harder than it looks. The best part of the game is the pancakes facial expressions. I cannot stop laughing at them XD it's just an adorable game that's a really good time waster.
Amazing Amazing so awesome it's so adorable and so much better than other Tower stacking games you should get it if you like pancakes and really cute games
FUN This game is a good game for when your bored or just feel like playing a game. Awesome and I loved it
ITS RAINING PANCAKES FROM OUT OF THE SKY PANCAKES DONT NEED TO ASK WHY JUST SHUT UP ANY OPEN YO FAT MOUTH CAUSE ITS RAINING PANCAKES YUM NUM NUM YUMMY YUM YUM BRING YOUR MOTHERS SUGAR YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM EVEN YOUR JEEEEEELLLLLLYYYYY ITS RAINING PANCAKES
So Fun Haha this game is so fun and addicting and something about it is so cute and makes me want to laugh
Love it The game is so amazing and cute so funny and awesome everybody needs to download this game don't think about it just do it.The faces are so cute and this game is fun for adults if I let one of my parents try the game they would love it to.
Yay I love Pancake Towers because it is so simple and addictive. It may be for I year olds, but I love it There are almost no popup ads, too. I would recommend this for anyone who is corny or quirky I also love the background music.
This game is amazing I love it I love the faces in the pancakes it's cute and also it is a good game to spend time on when I have nothing to do the people who read this should get it because it very fun,cute and also amazing. Ps it's super fun when you do not stop u just grab and let go in the middle or on the top fast.
Omg I love this do download it you better it's really good but one thing is that one level and no changes so please fix that but I really think it's cool and cute 
I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW FUN THIS IS Hey, I'm 40 years old, so I thought this would be really stupid. However, not only was it fun, but it was more challenging than I'd expected And it's adorable when your pancakes scream in fear as they fall. My high so far is 40 Beat that, then you can uninstall it.
IT'S AMAZING I just got the game and I already love it. It's a simple game but still really fun and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a no WiFi game.
Fun and addictive Well, age doesn't matter right This is a really fun and cute game. Quite addictive too. A very good way to kill time especially when you're in a bus or a train
Super simple yet fun game Pancakes have cute faces and amazing jazz background music  It would be better if our high scores can be set to cloud save XD and also please add ranking system it would be really awesome
WARNINGADDICTIVE GAME I just downloaded it and I love it PS what's upl with the 8 and under thing, Im over 8 and I'm obsessed D
gtogt I WANT TO HUG YOU PANCAKES I loooove this game. The pancakes are so adorable and fun I just wanna hug them so hard They are SO CUTE. Thank you for making this game
I love it When I first started to play the game the number I got was 34 I love all the cute faces and also I am a pancake lover did u notice that when your about to lose the eyes at the top open anyways best game ever
Cute fun and easy. I am an adult who sucks at games but loves to play them. Most games are too challenging for me and i get discouraged and cant beat levels. This game is addicting easy and fun.
Stupid but I  this Good app simple but very addictive and I am over 8
Pancake tower It's so cute o  aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh but my wish that you can put toppings
Awesome The game is really fun if you have nothing to do and my high score is about 40. This is tons of fun, and challenging, it's a really good game for a 1015 year old... it's just SOOO CUTE 3 
Amazinggg So fun and addictive, I can't stop playing it. If you are look at the reviews to see if you should download it or not you better hit that install button right now or else your missing out.
Cute for my 5 yr old brother He'll always play on my phone to play this make more like this c
Pancake tower Me and my mom and Jos like it because we get some good scores.
Addictive I am over the age of eight but I really love this game It's so addictive and fun. I think it's a great game for people of any age personally. It's really easy to get the knack of but hard to do which I really like. Thanks fot making this game 
BEAT THIS I got 65. I put 2 stacks of pancakes on the plate. They both fit Plus why are the pancakes not floppy Doesn't matter still very cute. I don't think there's anything to hate  by the way challenges would be nice to have but are not necessary. This game is for anyone who likes cute food and has time on their hands.
Best game Love it this game is addicting everytime you lose it makes you wanna play again to get a better score its cute with the little pancake faces
9 stars Its meant for kids 8 and under but me and my friend compete in this game and it gets intense
Fun I love this game because it doesn't glitch, is very fun, and challenging. I definitely recommend this to people that are up for a great game
