Love it I love this app. My daughter caught me playing it and now she loves it as well. A lot of people don't appreciate the classics. It would be nice to have modern songs a a well. My biggest problem well really my only problem is trying to press 3 or more keys at once...my phone won't do it. Other than that fantastic app.
Great app Just wish players could put their name on their high score.
Great Literally so much fun
Great fun Good fun and some great songs to play. Keep adding more though would you. ATTN DEVELOPER Slow down the listen on the entertainer and make it the full version of the song please.
Love it I love this game as I'm learning to play songs I never thought I could learn. Brilliant deserves 5 stars.
Very nice game overall Add some new things like an option for no more the 2 notes to be pressed at once cause i use my thumbs and it's hard to hit 3 or 4 notes
Love this game I love thus game, I don't usually but games but this is the exception , although it's like impossible to hit 3 keys at once
Joy to play and learn a few songs
Incredible app.
This is the. Best app ever I lice this app it's. Fun easy and realistic.
Love this game Fun Works well.  I have all of the special versions and waiting patiently for more.  Please make more  Maybe something a bit easier this time.
AWESOME I absolutely love this app. It sounds just like playing the paying and it is so much fun 
I would love midi support for this app, allow midi keyboards to work with the app and it would be incredible, not just fun but an actually good tutor app.
I love this game..it is soooo addicting... once I start I just can't stop.... I keep saying to myself.. just one more song...but of course it turns into many many more
My husband and I are addicted Great game, no glitches, lots of fun Only problem is I can't put it down
I adore this game all my friends want it  It is amazballs
It didn't work well in the beginning. I couldn't hear most of the sounds. But  now it's good. Love this game  I had it in my every phone.  I
Finally Worth the wait, but next time... Hurry up. Good songs, and after a week of practise I could play them on the piano. Well done
Tablet I like all the game apps.
It's a pretty good game takes up time when your bored. Pretty addictive.
Awesome except for for elise its called fur elise Love dance of the suger plum fairys
Excellent entertainment on a tablet
So good that I say Bla bla bla bla bla blibity bla
Practical Makes learning fun
