Football app Is really good Don't waste your money on wages though
That fix for crashes when taking over certain clubs... Hasn't worked so far
Great game A nice change to regular soccer manager games... makes you think more about the finances and the players. Good job guys 
Addictive Loved manager games previously and love this for the development side of things.
Great game Love it. Can't stop playing it........
Excellent Brilliant game. Takes a while to get going but then becomes brilliant.
Great Game Great game but would love to see more foreign players available. The option to go abroad as chairman also. Good to see updates coming also. Shows devs still interested.
Get my Malaysia datapack Enter 30680
Fantastic....waste hours on this game...misses hates me because of it
Love it
Love it
Great game I've had three iterations now and I've loved every one I hope they can make a version for the PC as I could see it selling loads
Keeps getting better I hope they make another one
Addictive  Never gets old 200 seasons in now, I love this game and the two previous apps too, football chairman the original got me into it and I've just not stopped
Love it I got to prem and went bankrupt Was gutted was in season 2090
Addictive Very good game to pass time. Can't put it down once I start playing.
Great game Love the game highly recommended to other players
Addictive and not enough ways to fund a club...
Quality Game I had the free lite version for ages then realised there was a much better version just for a couple of quid. Great buy for countless hours of football fun 
Real I love the upgrade
Great Really addicted to it
Love this game
Love it
Good Very good game
Football Great game
Addicted
Downloaded all versions as they appear always excellent games and feedback matters to them
Keeps me out of trouble Works a treat without any issues really.
Love it Great simple, fast paced boredom cure. Very addictive. Could play for hours
My favorite football manager game I used to love the old Champ Man games. How detailed they were. Now I don't have time for all of that detail and poring through stats. But I still wanted a fun and addictive career football manager game. This is perfect for me. Highly addictive and tons of fun. Easy to get through seasons quickly. Not too easy not too hard. Absolutely love this. Thank you for making this even better.
Great sim Love it so far. Like someone else said, a bit too addictive
