Thank you so much  whoever  is  the creater of this app.If  you keep  putting  new effects  I'll  keep playing . Thank you for making  this app.
Best of the best Great design and the effects are the best from any app I've ever used
Being selfish Will give you 5 stars when you add at least another 2 new effects. p EDIT I had said i would only give you 5 stars if you add at least 2 new effects. You did that. Here are your precious 5 stars. p
Amazing Every like five months less or more there is a new affect keep making new affects I will continue to play
Great job team. Hope you make the same thing during a phone call. It would be great asf Thank you
Its great I'll spend hours just playing with the voice changer its kinda addictive.
Great app, no intrusive permissions Awesome app, easy to use with hilarious results. Excellent job
The best I find its worth the download. Importing makes it over the top. Can we get a color theme choice, possibly darker I love the update, especially the piano feature. So glad i supported you guys. Thanks.
Love it Really nice. Keeps getting better Love it
Alsome I Love it very good noises I love when I do the devil.
Endless amusement Most fun app Best. Sampling recorder for nonstop entertainment, loads o' laffs, pranks, toilet humour, great recording quality  array of voicing fx, quick load  saves to sd, use recordings as notification alerts. Worth few  for ad free  extra fx.
Its is very amazing Great Job.. I love this app so much,my friends loved it too.. Keep Adding more effects....
Best app for changing voice . This app has amazing features and various voice changing options . You can also share your changed voice with your friends . I really appreciate hardwork done by the app publishing team . You guys are great .
Great  This gave me and my work colleagues a good laugh messing about with this. Well done to the author 
I LOVE  IT ONE OF THE APPS THAT WILL NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND RAM TO YOUR MOBILE AMAZING SUCH SO AMAZING KEEP IT UP LOVE THE CREATOR
Great App This app works great for changing your voice to weird and funny voices.  It's really easy to use and fun. The only improvement needed is to  alphabetize the voices.
Love it Because I learn it you said mother back words
Great app Dont see anything wrong with it. laughs all round
Love it u can say in Darth Vader I have to take a dump
Love it I can changes my voice with any effect that i like
Fun Some of the buttons sound weird but over all it is a fun and cool app, download  it now if you can.
Great Its good for voice trolling
Amazing Cfvv hnvy chyucfyufyg I have no words
wow thank you very much this software so sweet
I love this app because I can pull pranks on my mom and sister
Awesome Keep adding more effects....wonderful app
Great app There are ads but since the app's free, it's bearable. Keep adding effects.
I I love love love love love love love love love love love love love it
Love it I love the backwards one, one of Obama's favorite lines that he uses often YES WE CAN record that and play backwards.  Tell everyone what you just heard.
Simply fun, extremely easy to use
But.. I don't see the piano effect anywhere..
BRILLIANT It's soo funny and brilliantly good be sure to get it
