Having faith before I judge I know that this app will workout fine. I am really intrested in  learning  diff. languages but it would be more fun if my parents would speak that language so we all can speak it 
Nice app I just started this program and am now wanting to save some money to buy the full edition.  I will get the whole thing someday.  I LOVE IT so far.  Good stuff
Rosetta Stone I like how easy it is to move through the exercises on this app. Although, it would be nice if it was more affordable. It's similar to doulingo which is also a great app Thought I'd try Rosetta Stone because of their excellent reputation however, I'll stick with doulingo because its just as good and doesn't cost anything. In any case, thanks Rosetta for the trial run.
awesomeness I love this app. I'm learning Portuguese  brazil on the app, and it is So helpful . I love how it lets you speak it to practice saying the words. if your wanting to Learn a new language I recommend this app
Fun  easy I'm really loving how easy this is making it for me to learn a new language. I thoroughly enjoy the lessons and the app is very easy to navigate.
Love it... But one thing I wish you would give instructions, for other different exercises, that we I Don't know How to do I Finally figured them out how to do them PLEASE can you for example, put the language in smaller groups, so then we can pay Maybe pay 50 for each one like you used to do Thank you Very much, for your kindness
The pronounciation is very clear and accurate.  The excercises and examples are really helpful, concise and easy to follow and learn.  I am learning Portuguese.  To my surprise, I found out it is a lot similar to my vernacular language, Spanish.  So, I keep going and going...
Great feedback and quick involvement I have been slow to try the Rosetta Stone software but after trying various other programs this really is the real deal. I am very impressed with the voice recognition and feedback. The pace and thoroughness is well balanced. I'm impressed. This software definitely stands out.
My review Omg, this app is amazing. I love how I can switch back and forth from my laptop to my phone and start exactly where I left off.
Tried em all This one is the best, all though after first unit very expensive. I don't care. Me gustaria Rosetta Stone, pero es muy caro. Yo compro, no problemo. See
Easiest way to learn Love the repetition and visual. I don't have to do rope memorization. It seems natural.
My review It definitely challenges you. There are several times I had to take a break to clear my head. However, that's exactly what's expected when learning another language. No one can learn it for you. I learned more in the last 30 minutes than I did in the last 3 months with the program I got for free from my library.
Love Rosetta Stones Languages App  It's perfect.  I use it every time I have some down time waiting at the doctors office, lunch breaks, etc..
This is great app and a great program I love this app is a wonderful ways to Learn English.
Spanish easy but rusain.. Ok so i took spanish before soo lvl1 one wasnt hard but i tried russain its harder than fuk really har
