Love it
Great app. I have Sam. Galx. S4 and S1 Works on both.  and now S6. Files on S6 stored in local folder or as Androiddatafolder. Setting can change location.
Love it Android 5.0.1, Galaxy S4 and always used Super Backup. No root. A few issues with it not doing daily backups but those have since been fixed. Scheduled backups, Cloud support, and runs in background                     If it doesn't work you have a garbage phone or you don't know what you're doing. Hats off to the developer I love it
Excellent Does exactly what it says it will do. Never had any problems, and has been a life saver on more than one occasion. Just purchased to support developer. Thanks
Great App First, if you going to backup your information do not save it on the phone or the device. Save it to your external microSD or Gmail cloud. Got my phone replaced  everything is there with the restore. Note 3  V5.01
Why haven't I rated you yet Seriously the only backup solution that is stright forward and doesn't ever break your phone when you restore. Yes it's not advanced like others on the market but it's the goto solution for stock ROMs that are not rooted. I'd trust stable and reliability over any advanced eddy solution 100 of the time.
Backs up all I need and restored it back. Worth every penny
Works well You have to chose the correct location in sd card for it to work
A MUST HAVE Love the app.  Don't have to worry about losing contacts, apps, etc.
Good backup app I have used he free one and love it. So i have decided to buy the pro. Thank you for the very good app. Hope the support for pro better. 
Excellent, Love it Awesome. The best of the best Super Backup Pro.
Great app needs mms backup support.
Upgraded to Pro Edition Liked it enough to upgrade
perfect does exactly what it says it'll do
Works great for me Haven't had any problems restoring from backup.
Good app Me likey This is the best backup app I've seen so far
Mr paul lewis Very good at kept your contact and other information safe
Great app for backup Nice and easy options.  Works for everything that the app says.
Best backup tool Migrates data to new devices flawlessly. Superb utility.
Works well with my Note 5 Does exactly what it claims extremely well. Very easy to set up with a UI that is clear and intuitive.
Good one
Oh what an app Thank you for making this  I've used other backups but none come close to this I wish I found you a long time ago one suggestion maybe have the option to save your apks to cloud on wifi.  Thanks so much
Love the automation Backs up,  uploads to Google drive,  deletes local backup,  then tells me it did it. Have had to do restore once and it worked fine.  What's not to like
Super Backup Pro Butt saver Would like to see blacklist backup for Android KitKat 4.4.4. Using a Motorola Atrix 2... My opinion continues on this version after several updates Can we get the Blacklist backed up with this app, TOO
GREAT App  I have tried a few backup Apps and this is the ONLY one so far that actually WILL backup to my SD card on Lollipop... others have the facility but they fail to actually do it  awesome App, many thanks 
