Love it Don't know what your talking about not showing list of words missed. All you have to do is get 200 points and you can see words missed in the free version. The app is awesome. I have no issues at all. Those that are having problems read issue real ssslllooowwww  is you. Lol JK but I think you guys are making it harder than it really is.
I'm so addicted to this game. I also have my 8 year old son playing it and play against him.
Totally Addicted I love this game I'm not too fast, I look for words,  didn't realize I could use two letter words. I like the tournaments and I really love the game I'm a Boggle player this is so much better Still figuring out some of the nuances but am enjoying doing it
Jillian Bee Lol the game is spelled scrabble not scramble. Secondly similar skill sets really It's spelling it's not hard, only those that over thinks make it hard. I'm not judging you or anything but maybe you should stick in school and lean how to spell.
This game is AWESOME Love playing this game. I feel like it really challenges me. 5  stars 
Last update broke the graph... It used to be sort of functional, but acted strangely even then, probably due to some curvefitting algorithm. Now it shows the current value which does not necessarily agree with the labeled axes, and a flat line before that. You could use a backwards moving average so latest value is correct and filter backwards from there. Even raw data would be better than what you have now. It could even be an option raw or smoothed.
Speed Demon Love this game and I am always trying to improve my word finding speed.
love it now fixed enjoying ...sort of addicted to it I loved it ...and it's stopped now can't access always saying connection error though my Internet connection us fine ...Please fix
Fun and challenges you Great while waiting, on a plane, just anywhere you want to kill time. Keeps you sharp and helps you spot details. Great exercise for the brain.
Its A Triple G  gnarly ,  gratphying , and great  okay  it ain't all that but its cool and very fun
