Wow Fanatastic handling and frame rate. I can't really believe it but it is the most fun i have had on a rally game since sega rally twenty odd years ago.
Bloody good game Had a few issues early on with sound but they seem to have rectified themselves. As a long time rally fan, the co driver narration makes it a cut above other rally games.
Brilliant game. Used to lave it on the PS. This Android version is also great. Eventhough the game plays really awsome when I link to my TV using MHL cable and using tilt controls, PLEASE ADD ANALOG CONTROLLER SUPPORT and more country stages. Problem I'm facing is loosing audio in certain stages.
Good game Finally added back to exit. A couple of days to fix an bad update. Honestly it can be better,  but considering that this is done by a small porting company, not bad.
RallyRolla Don't believe all these other idiots people My mates  I used to play the arse off this classic Rally game back in the 90's that bears the name of the late Colin McRae RIP. And speaking more as a driver than a gamer it totally feels, sounds and loads just like the PS1 version. Well done I say. All this crap about changing rim color. This is a fantastic game. Thank you.           Check out my Rally video on YouTube. 1988 Toyota Carib 4x4 on Gravel 
Fun game so far. I haven't had any issues despite the game saying it's not recommended on my device. Loading times aren't bad and it runs smooth.
Was Flawed Now Fixed The title is very solid with decent graphics and a great driving model. The only hiccup is a potentially game breaking frame stutter that causes your steering to veer wildly, usually resulting in you crashing into trees. If they fix that, they'll have a decent game. EDIT Lag and frame stutter are fixed and game plays flawlessly. Well done, devs.
Top notch Really good fun, very pretty, fun arcade handling and I love how the car accumulates damage and needs fixing. This forces you to drive strategically, and carefully.  Sound cuts out sometimes on a Samsung Note 3, but apart for that runs well despite warning that the machine can't handle it...
Can't Stop  Best Racing GameApp ever  Excellent control and lovely scenery.  It would be nice to have a sound mute option...so I could listen to my own choice of music while driving, at the moment I hear both the game sounds and my own music.  Thanks so much for such a brilliant game amid so many crap ones.
Love it It's a great port, looks exactly as I remember it. The controls are easy and responsive. The graphics are exactly what I want from a mobile game. The only downside would be how long a race might be, so it's not a pick up and play game. But then if you're after a game to waste some time, it's perfect.
