Best Radar App Ever I've had NOAA HiDef Radar for both Apple and Android, and it is my absolute goto weather app. I blows all the others away...pun intended. It provides conditions as recent as 2 minutes and being in Kansas, the storm info feature is invaluable. I don't want all the fancy features of other apps. All I want is the info NOAA provides. This is indispensable to me.
Very nice Downloaded during major thunderstorms.  Doesn't show lighting yet on mine. I do like the app though...better than most weather apps.
As good as local news radar Watched closely the winter storm. I was on line of snow and rain, radar showed me on line of snow and rain. Local radar showed snow 10 miles continued below me. Better radar.
Great app I'm a truck driver and being able to just start the app and see at a glance what is around me helps to make decisions as to whether a storm is bad enough I need to find a new route or stop all together. This app does that. Great app for those who drive for a living 4 wheeler or truck.
MOST EXCELLENT MOST ACCURATE After downloading this weather app and using it for one stormy week, I said goodbye to all my others. This is so awesome and right on the money that I dont have to watch the tv weather anymore because with this app I AM THE METEOROLOGIST   Powerful and worth every penny
NOAA Radar App is a Blessing We use it at home and when traveling to avoid storms and foul weather.  Even dodged around Tornado once last year.  Greatful to have it to use.
Hands down, the best weather app that I have used... This app gives me all of the weather data that I need, whether to protect my family or just for my own amusement as I am interested in meteorology . So far I have been nothing but impressed by this app and it is well worth what I paid. I highly recommend it.
NOAA high def radar Can see live radar all over the world...maps zoom up close enough to see if it's raining at your house while you're at work. You can pin certain locations to check weather there quickly as well. Very useful app
Really reliable and helpful This app is an essential part of coping with changing weather. If you don't need the raw data served by the apps for weather professionals, this app will give you the up to date weather shots you need.
Accurate Love this radar app. It's so accurate. The animation is very smooth and there are some great settings you can customize to your liking.
Great Very accurate and displays lightning strikes within last 15min.  More expensive radars don't even do that unless you pay more. weatherbug also displays lightning strikes and is also great
Nobody Knows WX Like NOAA This is the exact same data most every TV and Radio station use to bring you the weather on your nightly news broadcast.  The problem is, the TV and Radio stations massage the data to add their little spin to the raw data to sensationalize their broadcasts.  If you would rather see the raw data and decide for yourself what the weather will be doing, get this app.  It's great
Great App Best radar application by far. Works flawlessly on the Note 4. The lightning strikes and hail features are cool.
Great app Forget about all of the weather reports in TV,  which are wrong half of the time. If you want to see what lies ahead for the days weather just look at this radar screen. It is very accurate.
Sock Fantastic radar app for weather. I've had very little trouble with this app and whenever I did it was my fault. All I had to do, was figure out what I was doing wrong and correct my mistakes. It seems quite accurate and uptodate. Yes, I would recommend this to all interested in a top class radar app.
Good App The app won't stop reminding me to rate it so I feel forced. It is a good app though.
Excellent app, radar is on time and accurate The detail of this app is great, radar is accurate.  Works very well on the Android platform.
Awesome app 22015  in FL right now and was planing my driving trip back to Det. This weekend . But will wait a couple more day's . Since I've been watching and tracking the weather on this app. Probably saving me and my family our lives . The ice storms are from Georgia to Detroit.  Thank you.
I live in SW FL and lightning during the summer months rainy season  is always  a concern of mine.   This app is always dependable and shows everything I need in a weather  app.
Excellent Since MyCast weather went down the toilet, I've been looking for a weather app with accurate, fastloading radar over 4G as well as WiFi. I also wanted enough zoom to make out all the streets. If it took spending 2.99 to get it, it was worth every penny.
Very good app. This app shows lightning strikes along with current radar which is very impressive.
