Fun Good AI and interface.
Loving It Looking forward to WiFiBluetooth mode to come so I can play with my friends.
it is really good but the ai needs improving. it seems I am the only one who gets the queen of spades.
Great job
Excellent quality. It's difficult to find apps of classic games on the market because they're typically trash cash grabs. The free version of this game was top notch, which earned my purchase. I hope the rest are as good as this. Look to see reviews on them soon.
Excellent Hearts was the game of choice in the break times in my old job. That's before the days of Android lol. This is a brilliant interpretation of it and I support all this dev's apps. They are the best dev for supporting even the most basic phone and live up to their name. Keep supporting them. Btw I would love to see a version of UNO by them which I consider to be the most addictive game of all time. Keep up the good work 
Nice Good app. Fun game, just wish it had landscape option. It would make it more comfortable to play. And I agree with previous post, an UNO game by AI would be a good game and worth paying for.
Good paid game Not too bad  Of course its going to have some bugs.  If it did not, well, we would not be able to complain
Support the devs and purchase Great version of Hearts. Every game by this team is absolutely topnotch.
Custom background doesn't work
Ransacked AI The AI in this app is so easy to beat that playing seriously becomes monotonous. Instead, the only option becomes trying to shoot the moon every hand, which is considerably easy to achieve given the convenience of the undo button.
Hey suggestion I was thinking maybe do an update making us able to play against other players online. That'd be cool
Fun and addictive This game gets me through some boring times
Takes me back to '98 with old MS Games. Works great, backgrounds can be changed and there are many difficulty options. Well worth the dollar for all the replay value. You guys are probably my favourite developers
Fun game if you like Hearts Multiple level opponents, good randomization.
Excellent
Hearts Fun to play
Very good. Love the do overs feature. Thanks
