Very nice port of the board game Clean and responsive. Overall, a welldesigned game.
It's a perfect representation of the game Only thing to make it better would be online play PLEASE
Very Well Executed I play this boardgame a lot.  Very good translation.  Highly recommended
Perfect I love this game. Awesome
Best board game to mobile ever Love love love. I wish you could play with other people around the world maybe you can, I had a hard time logging in, but aside from that it's great. I love the challenges and playing the computes is fun too. I download many board games to my phone and I'd have to say, if you're going to buy one, buy this one. It is well worth the 7 bucks.
Superb card game Great UI, strong variable AI, and simple to learn with slick tutorial. This is as good as San Juan. Fantastic fun and addictive core game mechanic with multiple paths to victory. Full game can be played in less than 15 minutes.
One of the best adaptations I've encountered I own and play the actual game and I was pleasantly surprised at how close to the physical experience this app actually is. Obviously having multiplayer would be exceptional but it's still fun having this version to keep your mind on the game.
Once you learn the game,  the challenges mode keeps it fresh a long time with interesting variations
Excellent version. Excellent implementation of this game. Looks fantastic on my 12.2 hires Samsung tablet.
Good Good game
Excellent game My only complaint is that it constantly wants to post to my google account. How can I get that to stop It tries to do that every time I start the app.
Tried the free unofficial version, but this is the real deal. Better graphics  sound, and it supports pass  play, which is exactly what an electronic board game needs. Works fine on my old HP Touchpad.
Great interface for a solid game When will new challenge packs be available for purchase
Great replica of the tabletop version. Should be able to do mix of pass  play with AI's too
Perfect, and then some About as perfect of an adaptation as you could hope for. The challenge mode also helps you see the game in new and interesting ways.
Good game Good game, plays very well and lovely graphics. Decent AI. Two things phone ageing S3 does get quite hot after a while, probably 'cos of the graphics. Secondly,  it's a shame that game settings eg number of points required cannot be changed  Can it
