If you need to ask, get it. Most any weather app can tell you if it will it snow next Tuesday. But if you must know how much will fall where, this app is for you.
I plow when it snows. It's great to be able to anticipate and plan for each snow event. Thanks for a clear and accurate app. 
Never let's us down When we plow we rely on this app and it has never let us down as long as mother nature dosent decides to change tracks which happends alot so if you give it less than 5 stars you need a different app
I Don't Like SNOW I use NOAA apps because they are more accurate than other weather apps.
Love this app. I get up to date snow information. So far pretty darn accurate. Keep up the good work.
Good enough to make you pay When I was living abroad I needed a a good source of news about snow storms and weather and this app was good enough even when I was traveling around.
First impression very positive. I recently downloaded this app that my wife has used on her iphone for some time.  The first large snow storm arrived a couple of days later.  This app's forecast for my zipcode was very close to what we actually received.  The region forecast was 7 to 12 inches, so quite a spread in the forecast.  Impressive.  So far so good.
So far it's been pretty accurate. Nice addition to my wx apps.
Wonderful app Very concise accurate  easy to use. As a traveler for work this give me an accurate picture of the upcoming days weather. Highly recommended
Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Very, Very excellent app  In Chicago, we like to know what's holding up da bear game.  This app has been accurate 94 of the time.  Next beer brat on me, NOAA
Great app. I really like that it gives amounts of snow in a certain time frame.
Great App This snow app is great. It has quite accurately predicted the snowfall in central New York. If you need to know about the coming snow, whether you are a skier or just an outdoorsman this is the app for you. It's the must have app for anybody in the snow country.
Very reliable I depend on this app and it hasn't let me down yet.
Power in your pocket is worth the  Great app with simple functionality and a lot more powerful prediction tools than a plain old weather app. How much snow are you gonna get on the hill Find out
Snow Great app Helps me to be prepared.
The best for the big storms This app works great for the bigger systems as they sweep the Sierras. As far as smaller more localized stuff it just doesnt show up. The mapping is great for looking at maps and satellite images not just weather.
Great Application This application is very accurate. Working at the airport it is very useful.
Brian Slome Its a great app. Getting accurate snowfall accumulations makes it so much easier to plan and prep for each event.
Excellent Snow Information Excellent accuracy for snow coming. Radar shows next 6 hours. I found it to be Very Accurate.
Well done Intuitive simple accurate.
It's a necessity if you're in the snow removal business like I am
Accurate More accurate than any other app I've tried.   Very happy with it.
Very good app I plow snow so I am ALWAYS referencing this site. I can count on it being accurate to let me know what is coming and when I can expect it to stop.
