Great game My four year old daughter loves this a lot..getting used to the controls very easily.
VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Out of all the Dr. Panda games, my child loves this one the best There was an issue with house being invisible, but I sent in an error report to their email and they fixed it promptly They were very kind and courteous about the situation and were going to give me a refund but I declined since the problem was fixed. Very highly recommend this product AND this company
Entertaining and fun. Great and entertaining for all.
AWESOME this game is awesome.  u can so a lot of stuff, and the animals act just like ppl.  thx, Dr.Panda makers  pssst.  Thx and ppl mean thanks and people.
Great game I love Dr panda games,  my 4 year old daughter is so entertained and she is also learning how to do household chores. Very educational,  worth every penny
Awesome series 2yo DD can't get enough. Can I get a discount if I buy all of them
Awesome games played ever on the earth to wait for losers to play it but all the other people are clock Having fun suck on them,
Error error fixed If I can give this game 0 stars I would... I bought this game for my son and it won't even install It downloads then says installing but then just says error, can not install on USB storage or SD card. I have more than enough space. I can still install other apps and games. Help or refund please     Update I unmounted  my sd card then was able to install. Can't wait to finally show my son 
Fun game For kids, finally we get some polygonal Dr. Panda.
Great game for preschooler's My three year old absolutely loves it Keeps her entertained for long periods of time
Lovely game for little ones I have purchased a number of doctor panda for my 3 year old and have not been disappointed by any so far. This one is equally as good.
Fabulous Fun, educational and so helpful explaining little kids house chores.
Dr Panda's Home It is a great game and very fun
Dr panda This game is so good my three kids love this app Dr panda is the best games for kids
Inspiring After playing it once, my threeyear old son asked if he could clean the toilet. Something his Dad hasn't done in twenty years Enough said. Thanks Dr Panda, you are wonderful.
Great game My 4 year old daughter can' t stop playing. It is a very entertaining game
Dr . Panda's home MILEENA J. FRANCIS
Great game Im 10 and I play the Dr panda games
That is cool is in it the Best game Ever in the world
So fun My two year little boy loves Dr. Panda games they're by far the best games for toddlers I've found
