Awesome Emulator works great and has plenty of features. Also, it has ran every game I've thrown at it without any problems. I've not yet tried any of the linking or multiplay yet, but this isn't the reason for my purchase.
For everyone having problems with trading and linking. You have to download the ROM from the EXACT same website for it to work. So use the same website every time when getting Roms. And the local trade has worked amazing for me. In my crystal I traded myself to get a scizor and slowking. Works amazing, worth the buy.
Excellent  Everything functions well. The only issue is the link cable capability being non functional. Other than that this app is perfection.
You did it again. Love the gameshark add on. The ability to control the codes so quick and fluently is deffinatly a break through. Dont even get me started about the shaders. Took it to a new level. The bluetooth cable corad fixed onto the wear is brilliant as well. So id have to say in short. This is exactly what i was looking for. Thankyou F.E
Best GameBoy Emulator Very easy to use with many options. Give it a try before purchasing it and you will still be happy Just be careful not to accidentally hit the menu button while getting into a game because you may inadvertently quit the game while doing so. Other than that it's a great app for when your actual gameboy color gets too old or broken.
Excellent Ive been using this for a while now and i found this really good. Ive used the bluetooth connection on some of the games with my girlfriend. We did gave some trouble connecting over wifi i don't know if that is because we were on the same network or if her routwr needs to be configured but as a whole the emulator hasnt failed on me once, the quick saves are very useful saving time and skipping the intro an start screen an saving at places u cudnt money well spent in my opinion
Few Problems I have had hours of fun using this product. That said, the local link works, but it isn't by any means easy to use. You pretty much had to switch between games every 10 seconds the last time I tried to use it. Also, I'd feel safer if there were some notification as to when you quick saved a game. Otherwise, it works very well, and I feel like it was worth the money.
Best GBC emulator I have tried many GBC emulators, but none can match what this emulator has to offer, emulator functions worked perfectly fine for me, definitely worth every penny, great job
Works beautifully If your having any issues, it's probably your rom. Link function works great when done correctly, and helpful replies to my emails from developer. Use it daily and worth every penny
Wonderful Musthave for Pokemon players I tried the free version and loved it, so I bought the full version. The optional color settings are gorgeous since I'm playing Pokemon Red, and it's pretty dull without them. I also love that I can trade my Pokemon between my different games and have two games running at once. The best thing by far, in my opinion, is that the app hasn't crashed on me once and it doesn't drain my battery like other game apps.
Awesome Best gbc emulator on the market. Perfect framerate with no frameskip, and link functionality too.
Everything works, including multiplayer Really a great emulator, and allowing multiplayer between different devices seems rare, which this does well.
Worth buying The free version will do all the emulation you need, and works great, but I'd recommend getting the paid version just as appreciation for such a good app. The features in the paid version are nice too, but I paid just for support.
Great Had the free version, 4 lets my husband and I trade pokemon and enable super fast forward. Haven't run into an glitches in the month we've had it. Tried others first, not as smooth. Thanks
Best option I like how i can edit my control layout and flip screen options. Some games cheats don't work right and character gets blurry feet and starts acting weird before freezing up
The best GBC emulator app I've found. Love the rapidfire ab buttons and fast forward is very easy to switch on and off.
