I love this game This game is super nice. I love it. The only thing is that why are the other characters locked Its too expensive. Also, when I play the game, its slow. But thank you for the nice app. I really recommend it.
Love it lol So its really cool cause you get to chose your own character awsome and you dont need coins for it my only complain is that i wish there were more  characters sadly thankyou you guys should download it promise you it will be cool xd
Love it I apsalalotly love this game it is so cool I love the races I love the sticers and I love buying characters so if eneyone says its bad I,d recommend you dont lisen to them because if they say its bab then there crazy
I love it It is an awesome game. It has all the qualities that i want in a game...making the cupcakes just add more fun i simply love it no doubt...
It's an awesome game I'm not going to use my coins for the other characters that you can get and I'm only using them for strawberry's outfits and berries for each recipe once. This is because the primium pack is the best deal and a one time thing for future ones. So, I'll wait for Christmas and have a 50 dollar play card on there. That way, I can always keep my game memory and own everything that you have to get by money. The best deal. Till then, it's worth using just strawberry.
Love it but one thing I do not like I love it because it has butterfly's and watering cans those are boosts it gives you rewords and lets you decerate cupcakes but I do not like that you have to pay real life money that is a total deal breaker for me
Good I love it in if you get the game you will love it too and be happy too.
It's really an awesome game I loved it. It's environment is really beautiful and just like a magical land. I just wants to rate it with 
ALOHA I just love this game BUT  I  wlsh we  don't  have to use REAL MONE  to buy some of the other CHARTER  BUT OTHER THAN THAT  I HAVE NO  ISSUERS REGARDING THIS GAME JUST NO REAL MONE TO BUY THE CHARTER    
It is so good game there is lots of injoy ness and we can make cake we get coins and also take photo and run and earn coin .we have to also complete mision Nice
Love it I think this wasn't too hard. Strawberry and her outfits are very cheap but not her friends. Even Lemon Meringue and the others were needed to purchase. I don't like purchasing. Also, if u play and got so many sticker pack like 10 sticker packs a day, will it have one of the stickers for 13 sticker packs I'm confused Still great game 
Fun game There are a lot of running games out there but this one is fun because you have an extra incentive to collect stickers of strawberry and her friends            and there pets and that makes it better. I like games when you have to work towards a goal.
I'll give this five stars. It is so incredible, and what Seth Humphrey said is so right
 Love it i love this game. I love the animation and graphics  theme and it is so colorful.. i never get bored ..i am now addicted to this game
Silvakurnia Love this game so much..bikin kecanduan.benar2 seperti berlari mengejar sesuatu..
Strawberry shortcake I Like playing this game.is one of my favourite games.i really love this game.i wish i could me et other games like it .
THANKS VERY MUCH its so good guys anytime i play its just so much fun i can play yhis with my friends or anyone else my family maybe
Awesome I like it that you get to go walk on a rainbow and ride a butterfly for coins I also like it when you run the seasons change and then you are in a log
The BEST GAME EVER THE game is so fun my four year old sister, Mary  love's this game. But i wish we  can  get the characters, from the  money when we play the game.
I like it but charicters are too expesive It was really fun I injoyed it
Beautiful The scene are sooo beautiful and the game is  entresting. but one thing is to bad that we can not buy the character with the game money
Strawberry shortcake berry rush It, s a really good game
