Love it My little sister loves it. She always asks me if she can play mom. P.s mom is my play home. She loves this game so much P.s.s add more stuff she says it can get boring
I loved it But it would be better if you aded baby clothes and more stores and toy store and a hotel and add a new  my play home game like my play home hospital
this game is a lot of fun but a few suggestions, daycare restaurant baby clothes bigger grocery store.
OMG  This game is super duper awesome even better is all apps are compatible wich is amazing. Could you make a game called my playhome pizzarea.
 Suggestions. I think it should have a season button to make the seasons change. And they could have like Christmas decorations when it's Christmas time and the clothing store could till Christmas sweaters and Christmas pjs when it's Christmas time and when it's Halloween time they can sell  costumes and  the vegetable store would sell pumpkins and Christmas trees when it is the different seasons the seasons and working so like New Years stuff for the different seasons. gust some suggestions.
I LOVE IT but..... You could add baby clothes and mor houses and toddlers and maybe a pool if u do this stuff I will love u p.s and u need to put pool stuff with the pool like a baby hoop so the baby can go in it and arme bands for the kids and swim soots for all the family 
Sometimes it sucks Sometimes  I can't put the ice cream on the cone.. I don't know why. So I just eat the cone this sucks..
Great app but I have suggestions Toy store more clothes u should be able to style their hair more houses neighbers more classrooms clothes for babies more babies easier way to get take money a chuckie cheese more rooms in houses and more bed and u should be able to combined food like in toca town thxss and you should be able to change their hair like in toca city
Kyla saka I like to play these games because it's very fun
So much detail Music and ice cream You can move items from one area to another. Out of eggs at home, go buy more,
Love it Like everybody else says can u plz update with more stores like pet store and toy store even a bank and cars or something me and my daugther love the playhome games i got all them for her.
Amazing The game is really really fun to play, even for older people but it could use some more stores. Please add a restaurant, toy store, pet shop etc. I also request for more foods to buy like chips, viands, bread and jam. I do not ask for much really but this game is soo cool. Thanks for creating it
It's 100 fun I love this app so much that's my review I'm sorry it wasn't that long as the other ones but I'm just tired of doing reviews
Loved it They should really put in more stores
Loved it Downloaded for my cousins and they loved it good way to keep them occupied
My playhome I love this game because its like a real life
Thank You You guys interested my little sister on the tablet
My play home neighborhood Make my play home resturant.
Need a cinema Please add a cinema please please with popcorn  please please add a cinema with popcorn pliiiiz
Are you going to make my play home school available on google play
Amazing They need to add more stuff
I love this game soooooooooooooooo much because   there is so much fun things to do with these little people but just for information  what about a neighborhood   or baby girls a job baby cloths or even   cars or bus and bikes  or even day cares  and teenagers  .
Super I love how you can get different stuff keep up the good work.
Make more stuff, please
Can you make a pet adoption center
I agree You should listen to Angelina Corbin and..... others that say add more shops and stores
