There should be more games like this Games like heroes of neverwinter or pool of radianceor even the temple of elemental evil, the world would be a better place indeed
Great game, never played it before on any platform and glad to find lots of tips and faqs available. On the note pro 12.2 it looks great, just need to turn the brightness up a bit. Must be difficult to play on a small screen...
Awesome game The port works flawlessly on my budget tablet and the interface is familiar from the original game, but with very nice improvements. Excellent job I'm very glad I bought it.
Finally a fix for the Black screen on Galaxy tab S with Lollipop 5.0.2 Perfect once more. Back to five stars
Error at first So the second time i downloaded this game it did not give me a error downloading msg after the downloading was complete like it did the first try. So now i am off to play the game 
Game unplayable until text size issue is resolved. Issue resolved ty, let's roll the dice. 
Really wish they would port this to consoles like Wasteland 2 has been.  I completely love this series and hope they eventually release a new game.
Good port I've always loved Baulder's gate and was surprised this worked as well as it did on my phone. I played on the note 3 so not even a tablet and I was very pleased.
Just as before Now if you didnt play this on its release You will suck at any modern rpg. Best mind building game.
2GB of update The update file was so big that I can't even download it It was working perfectly before. UPDATE I managed to download it. I just can't give 1 star for this great game
On first Nexus 7 Didn't get very far in original PC game, and now just reached Balder's Gate and having a great time
Great Transition Took some getting used to. I'm used to the click and drag of the PC mouse version. Love the highlighted view and floor item bar. Is there a way to add a click, drag, and rotation of the party formations My mages and archers tend to get caught with their backs to the enemy.  Go for the eyes Boo
Black screen fixed Galaxy tab s now works perfectly. Superb port and a great game
Again works So 5 stars.  Great port, long hours of fun
Old skool Reminds me of my old pc days and after a fiddle with the settings it was amazingly easy to play on to number 2 when i get an end game char i feel like porting
Games finally fixed Finally after several months the black screen if death has been vanquished hazzah Great job beam
Works great on s6 and tab 10.3 galaxy Ported the game really well like the controls nice job on this one guys.
Good Game If I could move the game to my SD card, I'd give it more stars. Also, it made it completely incapable of installing any apps to the SD card whatsoever. Now I'm stuck with one game on my Tab 4 and it's not even all that great.
Please fix Doesn't work anymore on the Galaxy tab s.
Waited months Worth the wait Much better than the PC version ever was, and that was terrific. Samsung Note Pro now is fantastic Thanks for fixing compatibility 
Love this game I could play this game for hours on end
No problems No problems for me on Android, love this game and series always have. So glad I can play it on my tablet.
So glad Don't need a pc anymore, we can play the imo best rpgs from our pocket huzzah
Great port of a classic pc rpg, one of the greatest games of all time, set a new standard in its day
Great This works great for me, i loved this game on pc and can not get enough on tablet, you have done a great job with this keep it up
Import to two It says you can import your save from 1 to 2 but i cannot
Wonderful Loved this game when I was a kid. Works great Can't believe this is an app for a phone. I'm on HTC Desire Worth every penny
