Best racing game I've down Best racing game I've played for mobile devices BY FAR  Vary realistic drifting game play, and practically no glitches... but I see it geting old and boring after a wile due to lack of change in game play. But still a grate  game.
IM GOING SIDEWAYS This is the only good drifting game ive come across on the android market.  The controlls are flawless, the graphics arn't that bad and the actual handeling is spot on. Worth the pricetag  The thing i dont likt is that the Skyline is way better than the 370z. Why is this a bad thing Well, the 370z is way more expensive and i wasted so many credits on it...
Good update. Have had this game on my phone for a very long time, kind of forgot about it. Just noticed the update on google play, downloaded the update and started playing again. I couldnt be happier with the new updates. The only thing.. i upgraded a car, almost to the max in performance but on some tracks its too fast. But if i click on a lower stage turbo or engine, the car doesnt seem to slow down at all, still very fast. Fix Thanks
ComebackUpdate Developers listened the feedbacks Finally the old steering assistant is back. Please do not evet touch the drifting physics again. They are great already  The other thing is account backup. It would be great to have a database to keep our accounts.
I love this game with a passion they have fixed all issues and were all happy campers now. all I could really ask for now is a big test track, something I can top out my cars on. I already have my top speed drag car built and waiting for this big track, I've hit 181mph on the training lot so far
Best android drifter ever. Best drifting game I've ever played on android, and I've played them all. Physics are perfect, car performance is spot on. Nothing beats ripping up the handbrake, chopping down to 2nd and thrashing the 86 on the downhill. Best game ever.
Didn't think it could get any better I've been without a smart phone for a few months so when I downloaded the new version this week and saw you can tune your car's performance, suspension, and transmission wise, I was amazed. It is a GREAT addition. DEFINITELY one of the best car games you can download
It's a great game love the feel One thing I can ask for is more tracks and cars but still the best drift game in the market
Really really loved it They have nice car, the graphic is also nice, and at last but not least is the driving is so smooth just like the original
Best Drift Game for Droid Download and try it now, no other game has the awesome graphics, physics, sounds, and customization options like this one. From paint, rims, tuning, and even camber....A game I paid for the full version no regrets realdriftandroid
Best Drifting Game Ever It would be even better if you were to add more additional drift cars such as the Nissan 240sx because that would be perfect. Also if you were to create a city where you are free to drift around it would absolutely be incredible. I hope you take these suggestions into account as it would create the best drift game ever
