THE Goto Root Checker This is simply The root checker. The needed checks, detailed information on what's found, and a clean UI  what's left to look for I've used the checker for several rootings on different devices and it's never let me down.
Root checker Verify root access
Root checker ... verifies quickly and accurately
Works great
Good Great
Best Root Checker This paid version is well worth it. I would of gladly paid more for it. The detailed info. is especially handy
spot on This works exactly as advertised. Quick and efficient Thank you Joeykrim
Excellent app The price for the Pro version is well worth it.  They even responded rapidly to resolve an issue I had and it's running  smoothly as always.
Far more detailed than the basic version This gives detailed info not just on supersu but also busy box installation
Better then the basic check version Only one with a widget. I like it to check root and display on home screen when starting tablet. Ok it has a widget but could be better larger font a green tick or cross Iwhere the is
Galaxy Note 3 N9005 One of my favorite apps.
Root checker pro Worth every cent very accurate and tells you what your missing if your having trouble rooting your phone
Excellent A must, no other comment is necessary.
None better This app makes rooting a dream to achieve  and system maintenance a no problem exercise
Instantly gave me my results, nice app
Root 4 Life Great app to verify root
Cozy It gives you warmth bowing you have full root. Awesome
Wouldn't use any other
very good exactly as it says a
Brad Anderson The best.
Usefull Rock n Roll
Good App Does what it says
Excellent Thank You
good works well
Love it Works as stated, easy install, and super fast customer service 
Nice
Perfect A great app and info. Thanks
Great app
Great App
Great app
Great I love it, thanx.
Awesome. I Love it a lot.
Freedom Works 
Nothing missing Purchased this edition more to buy a coffee for the great developer, then because of the extra features  used the free one for years.
Excellent No need to install super user fixer when properly acquired root privileges. Torque Droidz Drive  S root user
Very good app never fails thanks
