this game is so awesome yesterday i got the game and it was free. when did that start
Marine dinos Add marine dinos like lirapluradon ,elasmasaurus, mosasaurus, tylosaurus, and norythosaurus.
Great My boy loves it, and it is educational, he would like to see the dinosaurs walk.
Very happy Kids have really enjoyed. Saved me more than once
Love love love it My kids just love this  game
Kids love dinosaurs... Well done, simple app. Worth a buck if your kid loves dinos, and most do. My 4yo plays with it for 15 min at a time. He doesn't need hours of burning my battery, so it's great bite sized fun.
Nicely done Very smooth programming 4year old loves it, especially when the bones collapse in a heap More dinos would be appreciated. Can you think of any way of adding size etc info
Excellent Very impressed. My boys love this and to top it off, it doesn't request access to my personal bank account like a lot of apps do
Cooooool It's very coolBut please add more dinosaurs.But otherwise good game
The kids love it For the 1st time they share the phone and use it at the sane time
Not fun This is stupid do not download it it's all waste of time You just waste money money trust me it looks cool but it's not
Cool My three year old loves ithe plays on about an hour or two a day. I have tried to delete it twice and each time I try he has a fit so I leave it on there for him to play. When I am out with the  girls I leave my tablet at home so he can playnon it and he loves to show his dad how the hame works
Confession I'm 21 years old and I love playing this while waiting for going out or the bus to work....great boredom buster
Great My son loves this They get to dig it up and hear the name and its roar
Michelle Great game. Fun graphics that look great and 3  6 yo love it. Always works 100 with no glitches. Simply but fun.
We love it Great work, love the earthquakes Great for my 4 year old
It's fun Its fun to dig for bones
Oh I love it keep on adding dinosaur
son will love I can't wait for my son to see this, he's going to love it
Get it Best app ever Get it There isn't enough room to tell u every thing awesome about this app
Good game digging Dinos is very fun
Loves Im downlading it but I want it and it looks fun I can tell by preveiws
Great animations, my son love this. A little few dinosaurs but still a great app
Best app I've bought on nexus 7 Kids love it. Great value
Great My 4 year old loves it. She loves the different dinos and the animation and sounds they make. Please add more dinos.
Luv it is a great game Hahhhhhhaaa
