It's great if... you understand that apps like this cost 100s of thousands of dollars to develope and you realize this is pretty much a demo.  You have to shell out 7 which is totally worth it.  The person complaining abouy only getting 2 different calls is a fool.  My 1.5 year old loves this to death.  The  you spend on this goes to support SS so don't be so cheap.
This game is a great life saver My cousin LOVES this game so bad that when she cries it's very helpful Plus when I put on Sesame Street and Elmo's world comes on she's smiling, laughing pointing at it.  So I Love this game P.S Make a Big bird calls and all the others PLEASE
Ok My baby sister finds it very amusing so glad u made this well done
Awesome My LO begs to talk to Elmo And in a restaurant or a store, this app is a life saver
My kids love it My son, which is 3, and my daughter, which is 1, love this app.  They love the calls from Elmo.  This app comes in handy when they tag along with me to meetings. I would and already  have recommend this app to anyone who has kids.
My babies love elmo so much me tooo
My kids My sister likes ELMO   p.        Yg gak installed nyesel lo
My daughter loves it... big life saver when we're out an about
Brilliant App Great app, who doesn't love Elmo
 My baby brother loves it. He yells at me ELMO ELMO when he wants me to give my phone to him and let him play it
Elmo call My 2 year old grandson loves it
Very cute I love his I even enjoy this for myself and I'm a lot older than my cousins and I'm like soo happy they made this cause that amazing
My baby loves it The only problem I have is I purchased all the calls and they downloaded to my gallery and is now taking up a lot of space on my phone and if I  delete them then they don't work when I open the app so since I paid for it I had to delete other things just to have memory on my phone
Very cute It's a simple app, but really adorable. My 18 month old daughter loves it.
Soo cute My 10 month old loves this
Elmo calls This is the cutest app I've seen for my 2 yr old who loves skype lol
My son thinks its real and I love it
My 2year old loves talking to Elmo
