I like the design Can you add swiping between the hot, new, ...ect tabs
Great app The best Reddit app on the market, free or paid. Finally able to stay logged in after restarting or turning on and off my phone. Wish that tip was the first thing in the update list instead of at the bottom..
Great app to find the latest on reddit This app allows you to check reddit and even look at some admin features. I use it all the time
Fantastic and intuitive This app is very intuitive to use. Be it reading a sub, searching for one, adding one, etc. It's all easy to do, looks neat and organized.
Good app Was worth putting a little money towards to get the ad free version.
Great reddit app. Clean, simple and not overly fancy. I don't need complicated designs or animations. I bought this because I liked it over the other ones. Added bonus is it's not named bacon.
Better than native Reddit The ability to filter whole subreddits and posts by title no more ing gems is so crucial to me that I can't browse Reddit without RiFgp. Excellent stuff.
Neat app This is a great way to browse Reddit The app has a minimalistic UI in line with Reddit, gets regular updates and offers many features...
It's Reddit What more do you need
Would buy again Have owned it for years. Great, always improving.
The best reddit app on mobile.
Now that they fixed password retention
The Best Reddit App.
Good app Updated frequently
What a great app
Clean and simple, ad free Intuitive controls, lots of options.
THANK YOU FOR LEFT HANDED MODE
Best Reddit reader
Even better without adds
Imgur My phone dosent crash anymore
Best Reddit App Dark mode is great
Very good app, keeps loyal to the site This is probably the second or third most used app on my phablet, being Inbox and Ingress. Many an hour wasted on this app, keeping up to date on many topics.
Best Reddit app Love it I especially enjoy the fact that they tried to keep this app as reddit feeling as possible compared to some other apps this is well done. I initially bought the free version but felt compelled to give the developers some money. Very glad I bought this version.
The best there is. One of the few apps I actually bought.
Subtract four stars. This paid version is always buggy compared to the free one.
Great app, minor issues that spring up every so often Currently, when I leave the app or the screen turns off, if I was on a page in the app's browser it will reload each time I go back to the app. Mildly annoying.
