MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT I have it on my tablet,  my galaxy phone,and her tablet as well.  She is obsessed with the app and is learning a lot
Preschool fun My 2 preschoolers love this game. It is fun and easy for them to play on their own.
my son love itt
I love Daniel Tiger
kids love it easy to play and navigate
Awesome My baby b just loves this its so cute and interactive what's not to love
My daughter loves this My two year old loves this app Whenever she manages to snatch my phone away from me, this is the first app she goes to. She loves playing doctor with it and tickling Daniel Tiger. Her giggles are well worth the money. This app is a must have
Great app My toddler loves this app, keeps him entertained and he repeats what Daniel tiger says Helps him with speech and at the same time he gets the visuals. awesome app
Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood two thumbs up My 3 year old loves this app. It keeps her mind alert with the different stories and games. She practices her potty routine without leaving anything out. She loves decorating the different rooms with the stickers. Keeps us busy and learning
Great App My daughter absolutely loves this app.  Thanks for continuing to support this with today's update.
Great game. I use a nexus 7 and this is Great app for 23 year olds that watch Daniel tiger.
13 year old love it For those who do not know, Mr. Rogers was more about feelings and imagination and not as much about ABCs  and 123s. So don't buy this thinking it will make your kid a math whiz.
Great app My 3 year old grand daughter loves Daniel Tiger.  This is a nice educational app
Awesome app. The only reason I am not saying that this is the best app I ever purchased is because I am taking my son's interest into consideration, and Dinosaur Train has already claimed him.  My wife and I are partial to Daniel Tiger, but as always the kid wins.
Love it My twoyearold loves this app. Only wish it had a toddler lock so it wouldn't be so easy to exit out of it.
Good little app My boys absolutely love this Just as cute as the cartoon and runs great
