One thing I LOVE the game, but one thing, when I get a certain level, I can't drink from the stream anymore and I have to change to a different cat to drink. And also, can you add more cats Other than that, this is the best tablet game I have ever played. Aside from goat simulator.  One last thing... PLEASE MAKE A BUNNY SIM PLEASE
Amazing but i one idea please add If you get caught by animal control you should be turned into a house cat with your family and   be able to try and escape with your family just a idea plz plz plz add I think  it will be fun
Best Gluten Free Games are the best. They must put a lot of effort in these games. I was wondering if you could make a crow simulator. It's like the stray cat simulator but your a crow.
I have a cheat If you can't find your kittens kill an animal then go home and put a treat on the floor then they will run back home to the treat and they are found. I hope this helped D
Best cat game out there It's a really good game. I was bouncing off the walls when I found out how to pick up your kitten and prey. Can you make a House Cat simulator That would be awesome.
Best stray cat game yet This is the best cat game yet. I would make a few adjustments. 1. Make it free. 2. Add more cats. And 3. To get kittens it says you need to be on level 15, 30, 80, and 100. Please lower those.
Awesome Just one thing though.. I love your games alot and i would like to see some kittens but, how do you breed the kittens Cause i want kittens gtlt
Love it its so fun I love it but when its night or raining its way to dark I cant see a thing  other then its awesome u make the best SIMS
This game is so awesome But I wish we could carry multiple prey in our mouth at the same time. That would be super awesome. Also it's really hard to pounce on animals. You should make a Crow simulator and maybe a fish sim
Good But Needs Work I absolutely love this game but can you make an update so you can sleep anywhere I'm just asking because that would make the game more realistic, because your an ally cat right They sleep in a lot of places besides their den 
I hate this stueped game becuz. . . . . . . . . The racons are ugy and the birds shood fli loer and I died from a sqirl. Wen I play the game my ise hrut cuz the scren is to colorful. and the cats are so beautifill.im depreses becuz the dogs dont love me. I have a boyfriend. I love frog. I love this game. Did you no i goted ubdukted by aliens yesterday and today....... 
LOVE THIS GAME Probably one of the best sims EVER Its a little glitchy here and there, especially when I try to grab a fish and set it down, but those are minor problems. There are only two things that I wish were added and it is that 1. That your prey you put in your den is still there even after you log off the app, and 2. You can connect with other people on the same WiFi That's really it This game is so worth the 0.99 Thanks so much for an awesome game
Hope this helps To breed kittens you have to have one slot for a mate open and all you do is tap breed in the empty hole. It should say breed under it. Hope this helped    And also I have a question if you reset your character when you have a pack will they be gone I have attacked special cats like a Bengal and ragdoll Persians and stuff and I want to see if I unlocked them on the cat list where you can choose your character.
Awesome Awesome game, but gets boring. Plss add in your kittens being able to die if not fedwarmhurt. It'd give more adventure Also, you should put in able to drown It'd be way more cool Plss take my idea
Best cat game ever You should get now I just wish it was free because its a great game but it should be free plz make it better like stronger animals and you can have more than 5 group members in your family and us taking forever to download otherwise I love it is a great game
Love it I'm loving this game but I can't find the apples.  Also, animal control is nonexistent. I've tried to get them after m but nothing happens
ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS I love it Amazing simulation,  and amazingly fun I love being a stray cat
Best simulator in Google Play This is truly an amazingly well done game. By far the best cat simulator ever simple controls, wonderful graphics, great physics, and you can even interact with other entities By the way, if a dog is chasing you, jump over a tall fence or something. They'll get stuck and eventually walk off. Edit After a while, it gets incredibly boring. And then a refund isn't optional.
Awshume Best game ever Some random tips.         If your family gets lost, go back to the den and lay out some food. When animal control comes for you, run fast, but you can also defeat him. You can bite to defeat enemies, it is more effective than clawing.
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE thirst cat simulator I love the game because I love. Cat son I tell my mom get it and she did get the game AND I got so so exiting to play the game. It will be perfect if you make warriors cat simulator for FREE PLEASE PLEASE O PLEASE DO IT BECAUSE I LOVE CAT O PLEASE DO WARRIORS CAT O PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE I love warrior cat and even it will be perfect if you put collors too
