Level 13 I love love this game, I play it all the time.  But level 13 was really hard for me.
Don't even like games Never like games since a kid but was bored one day download this now I'm addicted on level 63 on my phone and level 50 on my tablet
Dead End  at 380 Arrivabyebye boys n girls. Up to 380 we can get by without . At this point, only unlimited moves can take on ye olde toaster. The game is a great one  the  worth the play, I am sure...if one doesn't need it for survival. Enjoy. Thanks to the dev team from this old veteran for giving us all the opportunity to experience your genius in the game play  so much time away from stress. Peace and health to you and our world
Very entertaining game some levels are real hard, but it's still fun
I love this game When i don't complete a level and she cries it kills me i have to make her happy again. Lol
Yes, I love this game it is very addictive..My kids take my phone away from me daily to play it to.
Too much fun I could play this for hours and hours ...no end Captivating....strategy needed, but not difficult to the point of nerveracking play
Addictive I can't even sl sleep without thinking about this game.  I play until I have no lives left then have to wait until I get more6.
Toy Blast This game is so awesome that a 5 year old is smart enough to do one of these
Still the Best Game Level 382, still having a blast Just can't get that 1000 coins on the wheel. Is it even possible to land on it Still my favorite game   
Love it I thought it was just going to be the same old match game but the little twists make it just different enough to be a lot of fun
Fun for me and the family I like this game because I enjoy it and so does my six year old
Great fun Sweet little game.  Easy to understand. I am enjoying it very much.
Love it It's fun, and it gets you thinking all at the same time... if you're up for the challenge this is the game for you It's also kid friendly
Amazing I have had this game from the beginning when there were only a few levels and from the start it has been a great game always updating to keep up with yhe newst stuff id give 10 stars if avl
Toy blast A very relaxing game I play it also on my iPad I'm on 109level
Awesome Great game... better than Candy Crush..  I wish you would make a game that was totally free but not complaining one bit...
Addictive Very addictive...... Wife doesn't play much for games but both of us are hooked
Toy Blast Very fun. You actually can pass levels without playing with others
I love it ONLY hate the fact u have to wait so long for lives... UGHHh.
Amber Woodward upstate ny This game is so addicting I love every minute of it
cool game it's kind of like brick breaker but with many twists  rewards 
Fun It's a matching blocks game. What more can you say
Very addicting Just don't give you a lot of mans to play.
Had problem with it loading, lost all my levels,had to reboot, start over back to level one. Ugh   Fun to play though.
Try it out Its actually pretty fun to play..I like it...lol
Toyblast Such a good game i have to constantly steal it back from the kids.
