I Reccommend It The app is impressive enough to reccommend. Though it's kind of limited on effects,etc. It gets the job done. It was a pleasure to use and watch with my family.
SO BOSS This app could realy help me out for ma youtube channel on sheila judd. I use a phone to record and dis app is helpful.
Awsome If anyone wants to see what this app can do go to my channel to see my first video The channel is Owen Minor
Well, previously... didn't care about video editors on Android, but I found there is a good support in comments section So I gave it a shot This is very easy to use, gets the job done easily and quickly. Recommended
Perfect videoer  for YouTube Brilliant and perfect Well, I was just thinking if you can add a another picture in a picture... What I mean to say is there is a dog picture and I wanna add a cat on it. So, I was just thinking if you wanna add it. Thankyou This is the best editor ever
Just what I needed...suits the purpose. .easy to use..my kind of app.
Amazing Video Editor. I was having problem with Google Photos video editor and tried this one. Very solid an editable. Nice video templates. And the best for me is that it connects to my to my Google Photos account.
We Video ltProtected privatE partner Allows Video and corporate backdoor editing
Why is this app so good. I have problems with the app Yes, but only at times. The watermark doesn't bother me because almost any payed or free recorder has a water mark. But my problem is the responsibility. Its good but it sometimes chops out certain video parts. But I can fix that with the exception of editing in the app itself. So that's why I didn't lowers a star... Keep on updating
Excellent, easy to use app, perfect for first time move maker in good quality production recommend it to all
Perfect editting app ever Where have you gone....i was looking for this great app long long time...really great it makes my mv simple cool and really awesomr..thumbs up to the developers........hope that you could really create great apps
On my laptop Hi there are a lot of people who have been approved with interruptions
Bosome Boss  awesome  Bosome. But it is really giidvi recommend it for all the PEPs like me who make videos. So Bosome dudes.
Great app It's a nice app for creating videos, but is there a way that you can put more than just one of your songs in a video, or does that come with premium
It's Good Compare to others editor it's more easier
amazing my profile video update now
Loved it It is the editing app that I use for youtube
The best. Love it more than Viva video One fear that I have have is that is that you  have to pay for a pro version.  Everything  else  is perfect. 
