Wonderful
Best radar app So far I have no problem with the app. However I don't know if it does already but it would be great if it had winter storm alerts and advisories.
Fast Radar When the radar is clear above your local, its not raining.  When there is color above your local, it is raining. And the radar provided by this app is accurate.  I really like this app.
Excellent app I have no issues or glitches with the application, great detail in the clouds also payed for the hurricane mode since I live in central western Florida the whole app seems to be very accurate
My Radar App Couldn't ask for a better weather prediction. 9 outta 10 times, My Radar is right on the que And that's very important to me in my line of work. I build houses and knowing what the weather is gonna be like means ALOT. Thanks for you efforts in making or producing such an efficient weather app
This app is REALLY handy and useful to keep track of approaching storms I can make more informed decisions using this application
Love it, works very well on my Android turbo. Although the only thing I use it for is the radar and works awesome. Only use the radar portion of the app but its by far the best one I've ever used. I have an Android turbo
Love it I love these app. It's simple and very accurate. I've noticed when the radar showed rain over my location it was raining aoutside . As soon as it moved away it stopped at my location. Great app.
LG G4 Works amazing on G4. No issues. Wish paid version was one purchase. Would pay for this app if all features were included in single upgrade.
Most accurate This app has saved my trailer from flipping over due to high wind's that varied greatly at the mountain foothills in our odd elongated city shape.
Exactly what I want. Straight up radar.  No sifting through any other screens.  Just one and done.  Map interface works as expected.  HD setting looks great.
Loads really fast. Has what I want Loads so fast  Plus it automatically starts playing radar over time. A two step process for others.
Simple It is what it says  radar. Yes, there's some weather stuff that's been added but that's Lagniappe. It is radar and it ia fast.
 I'm a truck driver, and this app keeps me and my family aware of the weather conditions spot on.
Radar App The wind direction overlay is great for outdoor activities fishing, golf...
Very cool Not only a handy and easy to use  radar of the entire continental US, but can zoom down to a useful street map.  You can get a detailed picture of weather in, say, CA and FL in seconds.  Nice looking app too.
Best weather app Love this. Easy to use, extremely accurate.
Flipper6723 Absolutely love this app. Definitely thinking about upgrading it.  I m a trucker have been for 18 years been in trucking  40 years it's a sure new age of trucking.  Thank v youmyradar
my radar very good app. no adds or junk just what you want to see. radar
Great must have app if you live where weather can change your life in an day. I've had this app for a couple of years and used it for every tornado, hurricane, thunderstorm warning and flood that I've been in. This is a Must have app. Helps me be prepared for anything that's coming. I live very close to the gulf and it's imperative I have this app 1010 would recommend.
Myweather Loads fast and like it better than a lot of other weather apps I have used in the past and finally deleted.
It's Cool So, far no problems with it, seems to work even better since buying a new phone, had LG, now a Alcatel.
Quick, Perfect I love this app. Where most weather app developers know that what you really want is just temp and radar, they make it a multistep  process through adds and other stuff just to see radar.  This thing is lightning fast haha and easy to use.  Perfect.
Great app Helps us make weather decisions regarding games and practices.
Dr. Noel Gives a more vivid view of what is going on with the weather than other weather apps.
Quick look Great app to check out where it's raining, and how it's moving.
Radar Very nice, uses very little resources very light. Thank you
One of my favorite apps I check myradar at least once a day
Best Radar App Hands down More features and details than any other, I don't use anything else
