My favourite out of the three I love all three Fire Maple Games, but this particular one is my personal favourite. Easy to play, gorgeous artwork, great sounds... Definitely worth the money
EGG HUNT Grisly Manor, The Hidden World and The Lost City have egg's hidden in them. Find the egg's go to the website that is with the code. At the website tap on the egg enter the code. All three game's have beautiful artwork and great puzzle's.
Awesome It was short sure, but it was entertaining as hell for the few hours I played it. I loved the concept and the clues weren't too hard to figure out. Best .99 cents I ever spent.
Lost City For those who can remember it's a new version of Zork I first played in the late 70tys took years to finish, not this game,good graphics and interesting problems, can drag on a bit at times, but good hints during the game.
Great Game Amazing game...beautiful graphics and entertaining puzzles.  Just loved it and wanting more.....
Awesome graphic, storyline, and price Not only is the storyline fun and interesting but the graphics are exceptionally amazing  I didn't have a single problem with this game and the price is really fair.  Can't wait for the next game, keep up the fantastic work  Loving these games 
The lost city What a great game lots of backwards and forwards but that's all part of the story.
Loved it My daughter and I loved playing this game together. It was fun and calming to play
Cool It is so cool no ads like most games .I no it cotes but it is so cool
Fire Maple Games had my attention years ago... where did you go  You were one of the first devs to introduce a distinct genre combining ingenuity with intuitive innovation, making thinking FUN  I thought perhaps this game  Grisly Manor were just an introduction to what you were capable of  a whole series of fuller, longer games were on the horizon.  I'm playing Lost City again to reminisce the experience.  Fingers crossed that Fire Maple Games is launching new games to play store soon
Fun and gorgeous I've become a real Fire Maple fan.  They're a lot of game for a little memory.  If you like puzzle adventures with beautiful graphics you will probably like them.  Don't forget to write down the egg code before you finish the game
My Favorite Game To Play This one is the best game I had ever played
Love it Wish it were longer but I still love it and wish you made more games
Absolutely loved it There are hints built into the game. The puzzles aren't so difficult as to be unsolvable. The only prob that i can see is when i pull up the map to see where I've been, the screens are too small to see what is on each one, and i can't zoom. Quick solution was to screenshot and then zoom. Other than that, fun, relatively quick game
Just wow I'm so amazed by this game. Best money spent on a game I'm wanting more.
Excellent hidden object adventure  very addictive I hope you add more levels to it
Fun A great quiet game, and just challenging enough.
Really fun,  lovely looking game. A few hours of interesting puzzles. Absolutely worth the price
Fantastic  game Have played all these games and LOVE them Please hurry and create more mystical nice games like this.
Amazing I played it at my friends house and new I must must must get it.
