Thank you soooooo much.. I needed this Omg... I was looking for the perfect app for my kids and this is it
Full version is worth every time What a fun way to teach my children about sight words. We homeschool and my kindergartener first grader hate to do their sight words.. This game makes it fun and they like to play in their learning
Happy Homeschool Mom  Dad We use this app as part of our Unschooling activities.  Our 7yr old DD loves it.  We love it bcz of programmability for parents.   Per her DOB, should be 1st grade level.  As of today having used the app for nearly a yr, on her nook device, amongst other ed activities  she is moving on, to the 3rd grade options Love the app
Sight word is wonderful. My youngest granddaughters love it. What a fun way to learn to read and spell.
Great My 7yo son has been having a hard time learning to read.  This is the only app that holds his attention. And he's doing great  Thank you
My 6yr old really likes this game. She enjoys playing it with her friends.
My son is 2 years old and he learned it very well.
Sight words games and flash cards This is a great app, I am studying Bachelors of Education and this app is great for prep kids and advances in age.
Best game Awesome game best 1.99 I ever spent
Best app so far My son loves this game. He actually knows what to do without my supervision so I bought the full version. That was well worth it. Now he is showing his 2year old sister what to do.
Pretty good. Good to find this app. The kids love it, and I 'Miracast' the game to the big screen so the whole class can see what's going on. Well worth the two bucks.
Great reading game Upgraded from the free version because of the wonderful results we have seen with our son after using this app. This is  an excellent educational tool. My son especially loves the word machine game I also appreciative the possibility to manage the worlds included.  Fun way for kids to improve in sight words identifications. Great job Thank you
Kids love it. My kids play all the time. Love learning games and this one is good.
Fun and educational.
Good app
Great Educational app.
Best sight words app Both of our preschoolers love this app. The sounds, pictures and design in whole are cute and of high quality. Entertaining and educational, the app is the best for learning sight words. Very pleased with this full version. I have to say that all of the 22learn apps we tried so far are great. Big thanks to the developers
Gotta have it The free version is great, but this one unleash more creativity and lots of more features, for the price, is a bargain. Thanks for creating such a fun an didactic app for my kids.
I think this app is wonderful, but I can't get it to go beyond the green start key now.
Must buy Love this app. My daughter can navigate it with ease to learn bright colorful and clear audio..
Awesome game for children to read. It's a lot of fun and there are a lot of games to choose from.
Great Game for Preschoolers Upgraded from the free version and happy I did  Great Kids App   Easy to use with the buttons just right for small hands. Lots of levels for advancement. Great colors and graphics. Great game for getting kids ready to start school Super valueT
