Awesome It was so anoying but cool I loved it so so so so so so  much 
Lol Makes a perfect prank  someone walk through the door  then when  dad's doesn't wake up get the phone   soon they using it on me lol they think I'm asleep then.   BEEEEEEEEEP lol
Pranks I like to prank my dad cuz he's always sleeping and I press the button and...... boom he's awake very funny XD. And also its so KAWAIII .
Stadium Horn and more,  lo Love this app. Got to put my own sounds and it was off the wall. My cat pulled her ears back and looked at me like WHAT   Lo. oO
Good times, good times Hilarious to me Fun fun fun, especially the voice recorder. I just wish you could save share
I just did it to my little sister she started to cry like a big  GOT EM
Loved it My brother told me to stop I didn't listen. He hates me now. lol. So awesome
So fun and funny I love this game I scared my brothers with it it's really fun and funny
I. Blow the horn to my brother. When he was sleeping  And you shuden see his face
Cool It looks so cool and very helpful for waking brother up in the morning love 
Download this app, it's fun It is really fun to play with on your phone when you have some free time to spend.
5 star Awesome , just if you add more sound ,its will be more coool
Its so annoying but oh so fun
Superb Easy to  scare my friends
Lol Scared my mom...she was sleeping...KABOOOM LIKE A NUCLEAR BOMB o3o
Awesome Because when everyone is talking to much or they or talking while I am talking I blow the horn
Great So awesome I use this to wake my brother up since he falls asleep a lot and it works I recommend this app
Awsome People You Can Use This Horn To Wake Up Your Kids To Get Ready For School Or Something Like That ENJOY
Tooting my horn I love it, I hooked up a 100 watt amplifier up in my car and added two power horns, you should see the reactions of people on the street when I toot my horn.
Horn I really love it actually I don't gust love it I super doper love it
It's loud enuf to scare the st out of someone Cool
Awesome Hehehe holloween is coming and thanks to this air horn i can prank my bro
Awesome I love this app. Simple and fun. Maybe more preset sounds
I also love air horn no ads.
I love how loud it is,really cool
