AWESOME GAME I love this game. It's challenging, and I love a good challenge. A unique game, never boring.....One suggestion though Add more levels. This game is awesome, but it could use some more levels. All in all, I personally think this game is one of the greats.
Great Game Great dynamics. Hard but fair. One of the best games from play store I've downloaded.             Some people are too hard on these games. The way I see it, unless you pay money for it, just tell the developers the issues. Its the only way things will get fixed. At the end of the day, you're throwing a fit to people who could care less about something that didn't cost money..
Just loved it If you love art, music, puzzle and good gameplay, look no further. It's mind blowing beautiful with amazing unique gameplay. Go for it. Play it.
The most beautiful game ever This takes the cake in the best app I ever played on a mobile device, the beauty is like no other and it is truly fun. Trust me, I've had many apps and this one is at least in the top 3
Game is really awesome I admire the developers, but they pressure to pay inr 345 for ever minute play .. Give us a less pay options or coupons which helps us .. 345 is not matter, but after few days we get bored to play then it kind of waste of money .. Or put a donate option so u can unlock the game upon payment ..
Loads of game, lots of fun, well executed Coop Buy it outright. Its worth the money for the game hours alone, and they keep updating with new levels and a great coop experience. Handy 'skip checkpoint' ability keeps the game fun even if your skills arent improving in pace with thd diffuculty. Great game.
Charming Beautiful game with compelling gameplay, simple but with enough complexity to make for a challenge.
No doubt,  best game ever Fantastic, Mindblowing, history... Amazing
Great game and lots of fun Worth the 5 bucks.  Controls are easy and unique. Versus is endless fun And single player is fun. Great job guys
AMAZING Its a little hard on certain levels but it is SO ADDICTING i would give this 1 million stars if i could
Amazingly simple yet complex Simple mechanics incredible intricacies and amazing artworn. Truly shows ages of development, design and testing.
A breakthrough The game excels in every single aspect. The dynamics, graphics,music, bizarreness, balance.. It's difficult yet never impossible. Each level seems to have been carved to perfection bows
I love it I love you Me and my friends have been playing alot of this.thx
WOW The best single buttontouch game ever by farI will be buying the full game to thank the developers
Such a brilliant game I'm in love Amazingly simple to play, and yet challenging Graphics and sounds are beautiful Definitely a classic in the making
Nice visuals, tricky puzzles it's beautiful to look at, great background and sound effects and the puzzles are tricky but not too difficult. Haven't beaten it yet though.
It's the most addicting game ever If you have played most of the games on the play store and you don't know what kind of game to play this is the type of game you should get.
Amazing art and sound Taptofly style game meets Limbo. Truly an awesome experience
Potentially the best game on playstore Highly addictive  Incredible sounds and atmospheric immersion  Completely recommend it
Good game This is an excellent game to play. I never get bored playing this. I use it to drive away my boredom.
Its gud but Y did u guys add the amount of time u can play i remember when that wasnt der 
Beyond words.. Its an amazing game.. really enjoying it.. but annoyed with its time limit Super game..
Terrific Game Really fun, really challenging, and always pretty. Looking forward to more.
Really fun I just hope its all free P
LOVED IT You should add enemy's that come from the opposite direction and a new power up that kills enemy's
