Like it Like the game you guys did really good but... The game is not evil Knievel it shouldn't be hard to clear a double. As a rider bmx is technical,smooth and tryin to to show up your buddies.
The best Pumped 1 and 2 I found myself playing more often then any other game. The new 3d is spot on along with the manuals being more controllable. Great game.
Cracking Awesome game, love the 3d vibe after the last one. I'd prefer to not have to use the accelerometer to lean add an option to use another buttonjoypad to lean and it'd be perfect.
Best game ever I love this game so much the only thing i think they should fix is on my s5 sport it is kind of glitchy but everything else on it is the best game i could play it all day
Legit Only good bmx game I've played since Matt Hoffman's pro bmx on the old xbox. And this blows it out of the water Runs flawlessly on galaxy s3
This games sick Easy to learn and well satisfying when you pull off good tricks.well worth the money and so addictive
Best Game Ever For Mobile This is a near perfect game Works flawlessly on my Galaxy Note 2. If the game lags, it's your phone and not the game. You need a better processor. The only improvement I could think of for this game would be a replay option to rewatch the level I just completed in real speed and slow motion. Otherwise,  great job guys
Fun and difficult Well worth the money and 10000 times better than the first and slightly easier but still hard which is alright since I hate easy games
Perfect. Almost made me late to school Haba stayed up all night. You've done a great one with this. Hopefully you keep going and make more You have succeeded very well Adam Congrats
The first one was great but this one is so much better. I can't put it down. It's very well made and really addictive. The tricks looks so real. Great job 
I LOVE THIS GAME. To the creator , I played the original and loved it  Was anxiously awaiting the release of pumped 2 on android  And it exceeded my expectations  Runs amazing on my Samsung Galaxy S5 and it's THE BEST bmx game on the play store. Well worth the 2.99 GET THIS GAME IF YOU LOVE BMX. Cheers 
LOVE LOVE LOVE Seriously the best appgame ever made, not a bad thing to say about it. Fun and so addictive. Co told are so smooth and precise. I can play for hours on end keeps you wanting more It os also challenging but on a good curve as it progressively gets harder. Please keep these games coming worth every penny and better than 5 strs, no game Compares
So good Best bmx game out yet. It's fun and not to hard would recommended to anyone great game.
One of the best games This is one of the most addictive games I've ever had on my phone. I didn't play the first game but now I wish I did after playing this. Each level has 3 difficultly goals to overcome which can take a number of attempts to achieve. Everyone should have this game
Awesome Excellent Job on the game. Myself and my kids love it All that we ask in the nicest way possible, PLEASE ADD REPLAY. There are so many times we want to watch a trick combo over, or show each other our run, but are not able to. Fantastic game otherwise
Good physics Just like the name says, you have to pump to clear the next jump. This is as good as gets on a mobile device. Props to the developer.
Best game in history Completely worth the money, love this game so much, glad its out for Android now, just need to add the recording.
Hmm Awesome game. But I've recently switched phones and my data hasn't transfered so i need to start from scratch Booo
Finally on my favorite mobile OS Just as great as iOS version. And looks killer on 2nd gen Moto X.
best bmx game ever if your into biking you're gonna love this
Awesome It is like the best bmx game ever this is the closest it will be without getting on the bike and there is a little game in the browser called pumped bmx the pipe it is basically a half pipe and yo can air so go check it out
