I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it
Perfect for all ages Both of my children love this game  They love making their own flavors I have to put time limits otherwise they would never stop playing.  Great purchase
Cool A very delightful game.  I love the effects, characters, and more.  YUM
Great game. My son loves this game it is so colourfull and fun a must have for all children. 100 percent cool.
It's great It's great game. Can you please try to make Dr panda wedding and  babies
Amazing Im 12 years old and i love cooking games and this has got to be my number 1 fav so far the characters are soooo cute maybe add some more ice cream colors and toppings but other then that amazing
I love Dr Panda games All of the dr panda games I play most of them even though I am 11. These games are fun for everyone.
Great game My daughter just loves thecpanda games ,
Loved it Even my 15th year old plays it It is even fun for me
Toddler loves it It's her go to game
I like  making  ice  cream The   is very fat
Cute Totally adorable game for the whole family.
Dr, panda The only game i like
So so cool Just saying its fun XD
COOL Fun
It It is the best game  a kid  would  want
So cool My little brother loves this game He always wants to play.
I love making icecream. Its so much fun
Amazing game My daughter loves this game keep it up dr panda
Dr Panda Ice Cream Truck
Love This Dr.Panda Game  It Is The 1 Best Dr.Panda Game Ever 
This is really  fun. there are lots of ice cream  flavours just  so tasty. and I am a child. dad is 31 so, dad us the owner of the phone. I am the owner of this game I really  love ice cream so I really love this game Amazing
Amazing , need more flavours
My preschooler ' s favorite Addicted
I love it because you can make your own flavor
Love it and the price...
Working fine with updated version on nexus 6 Post update game is working fine..
Good game for little ones
So fun I'm 8yers old LOVE IT
CUTE I adore this app so much Thanks Dr.Panda ltd for making this app
