Love it. Idk why people are complaining about the steering. This game is awesome. Fun, addictive, awesome graphics, etc....
Offline too Even though, this is an online multiplayer game you can also play offline. After the installation you must start it at least once online then you can play offline all the time.  This racing game is really fun. Superb graphic and gameplay. So many cars, and you can play online or against local multiplayer device vs decice via WiFi. It's pretty awesome
Finally working It's finally working without pink grid lines and poor load times. I awesome game so far.
Great I love the game, great graphics, fun to play and very competitive.
Asphalt 7 This game is overall fun game. It has a lot of vehicle varieties and controls are simple. Ranking up, earning money and modifying cars makes it very addicting.
After 3 weeks this is the bomb. No issues. Not done yet as level 6 is taking me a little longer but this is hours of fun. In between life and work this has a nice home on my phone. Best racing game.
Best in the series New update is amazing soooo addictive my new favorite any contemplating to pay the 3.99 it's well worth it will not dissapointed every thing about the game is 100
Put it on the big one. Plug it into a big screen and phat speakers using your MHL cable for a full size arcade experience you can put in your pocket Asphalt 8 might have better graphics but 7 has a higher frame rate and on a big screen this makes a big difference.
Excellent for Samsung Galaxy Note 4 A steady 60 fps mixed with some very nice looking graphics  fast adrenaline pumping action makes this game plausible.
Great game Best race game ever, great graphics, nice steering, lots of fun. Don't miss this one.
Best of the series I prefer this over Asphalt 8. It's possible to get most cars without buying IAPs.
The graphics The street you can really see it like if was real and the cars GOOD JOB  AWESOME
Very bland and no AA leaves this game very jagged Asphalt 6 was better looking than this, maybe you all should come back out with the HD versions for those of us who want to play with the better visuals. My Nexus S 4G can handle it once it's overclocked, especially while on the Android Jellybean OS.
Lost many hours to this game I stopped buying from this developer. In app purchase are out of control and a skeezy way to make money.
Awesome One game that I have in all my devices
Very addictive and fast paced. Cant wait to see what you do with asphalt 9
Good ones ......huh. ..hhhaaaaahh. .vg good coolb.r.
I'm nyall It's fun in my opinion to.
Great fun. .runs well on my note 4
Good game I still like it way more than asplalt 8
Race it to win it Superbb Racing Game with beautiful graphics
