Put toca life city on android My friend has it on apple put it on android I'm really mad at you
I love it but new buildings would be cool. I love it, the interactive pouring just gave it more life and new characters caused it to have me make more little families I like that we now have a camp and pool for family outing. I can't wait for new building, one I suggest is more homes Hospital and school, other than that I'll get to my exploring.
Perfect Its perfect for my daughter fefe she loves this game hope i can buy the others games to she loves them thank u creator of game  3
Kids love this All of my kids love the games you guys make. This is the first app I have ever bought for my kids and it was worth every penny and then some It is for younger kids 36. They even have named some of the little people. They play all the other apps that you have that are free and love them too I will probly end up buying a few more im excited to see what you come up with next They have been begging me to buy the toca city. I am thinking about it.
Please My cousin loves this but she really wants to play toca life city but she can't because its not on android. Please add it on android or add an update like that to this. Please Please Please
Toca Boca  Rules . My four year old grandson has five apps from toca now. The last two I never gave him any guidance, He figured it out for himself. He goes back to play them at least a few times every week.  Big fun and no tears  aww. Well worth the money for their apps. Great Job done by everyone involved . Thank you for smiles and hugs my grandson gave me for buying these apps. I highly recommend Toca Boca for little kids . I rate this on my grandson's happiness , it's his app.
I love it but... It needs more like a school or another house or a add on. Like driving or flying. Or more people and another store. And cars and add someplace to like change your clothes. A shop to buy clothes too and a coffie shop. A cool area to chill
Please read these idea More house, school , school bus, teacher, able to change day and night not only for the park, one more  grocery store and restaurant ,and make the town maybe a bit bigger
Awesome I love this app I just have one complaint, you can't pour the dog or cat food into their bowls. You can just feed them the bag, but that looks really weird. One suggestion could be to be able to pour the food into the bowl like water, so it looks like there is dog or cat food in the bowl. And when you take the bowl to the animal they eat it like drinking water. one last thing ADD TOCA CITY LIFE ON GOOGLE PLAY BECAUSE IT IS ON I TUNES  I love you toca Boca
Loved it This game is really good but it would be really good if u would make toca life city for a android i ha e had a go on an ipad and really enjoyed it I would totally buy it if it came out
I love this game  Can you please make an update so that the characters can wear clothes and new hair styles
Good Can you add more places to go to and more characters please  Oh and please make a guide so I know how to make the 30 food please.
Toca Boca I love this one. When is Toca Life City going to be on the Play Store My kids have been checking every day to get it. But it is not there.  Kids not happy.
Loved it My daughters loved it they put a lot of imagination keep it up They are 10 and 9, one day the big sisters bff came and played The game they told each other how are we obsessed with a game that's 8 and under
 Once again Toca Boca has created a master piece of a game. Such a cute game  But can add more places for these little characters in the game to explore Thanks 
How do you get the pets to sleep in the bed And can you add some kids and a school to play with and can you add some cars to ride in, oh and can you add some bikes and scooters and some hoola hoops to play with and some other stuff too.And also, can you add Toca LifeCity on here please, for free please Thank you.Seriously does anybody know how to get the pets in the bed If you do please tell me
2 yr old She loves this, but I'm a perfectionist and I can't watch her play it. She puts everything all over the place The picnic basket is inthe lake The baby is in jail Lol
I LOVE IT Please add a update about driving the cars and adding new ones and more houses and add a carnival and teenagers and movie theaters and other things please and please add toca life city on google play because its not fair that its on iTunes 
