So fun Asome love it do not pay attention to then they are stupid it is really fun 
Samsung Galaxy 4 Great game I've had it down loaded for over a week now and really enjoy it. Thanks for a fun game  ...2weeks later  still loving the game however, it asks me to rate it quite often even though I already did. I choose 'don't ask me again yet, it persists. Not nearly enough of an inconvenience to rate this fun game less than 5stars Maybe it won't keep asking me now that I edited my original rating. Still enjoying the game
Freakin Halarious This game is as good as the T.V. series. The game controls are great and the replays are fantastic. I HIGHLY suggest this game to ANYONE that enjoyed the T.V. show
I love the game The game is amazing I love it idk what people are saying it doesn't glitch or anything it's probably the people's phones not the game my opinion but other than that the game is really really really really really really really really fun to I highly recommend it to everyone
I love it I love it I love it I love it The best wipeout game ever make wipeout 2 more easyer to play but great obstacles so still love love love love love this game don't hate this game because think if I enjoy than you should love love love love love love this game.              
I love this game It is awesome. There aren't even any glitches. It runs very smoothly. One thing that bothers me a little is it is really hard on the ball section but you can still pass it. I really think it was worth the money.
Aaaaaahhhhhh  This game is not even letting me down load it I tried to download  wipe out a million times but it still isn't working
Better than the 2nd game Its challenging its fun ur players don't even have durability. I LOVE IT
Amazing Amazing graphics. Hilarious to play. It's very lovable and funny. Awesome game over all 55 
Funny I love the ragdoll physics in this game like when something hits the character i laugh out loud get this game it so  worth your monney
Amazing, fun, and definetly entertaining This is one of my favorite games, definitely not a waste of money
Games graphics are wonderful no bugs and I dint like the second on so I'm a going to rate this all stars
Really fun You got to play like your really in wipeout and I have 1100000 coins
Hilarious Wipeouts I really love the wipeouts. They make me laugh so much Good game to play when you have nothing else to do.
Rad game It's a fun game every time my little brother gets my phone he goes straight to Wipeout
WIPEOUT A LOT OF FUN  L.O.L. WORKS GOOD FOR ME.I HAVE A 16 GIG INTERNAL MEMORY THOUGH. THIS HAS REALLY GOOD GRAPHICS. I CAN TELL IT TOOK A LOT OF PROGRAMING  TO MAKE THIS APP.   GOOD WORK  
Love this game If you like action games filled with awesomeness, this is the game for you I recommend it to everyone It works very well. But there is one thing about this game I would like to tell about Add more characters
Yup I got this game when I was only 7 and my mom got this game for me this is better then  the 2 one
Great game Maybe you could add Multiplayer and play with your friends. That would be awesome
So cool I thought I was wasting myoney at first but when I played it was cool the only thing I did not like was the avatar they should put it to where you can make your own
