Great game Once I got the hang of waiting for a  random opponent to take their turn I have had nothing but a great time with this game.
I like stuff that makes me keep my mind exercised,cuz hell all who knw me it's officially gone but it did out last my nerves by a long shot...luv it kinda like 94 94. an 94 answers, an trivia crack Keep ur mind Sharpe that's all we get to take with us wen we do go
Addictive 4 sets of 3 trivia questions from different categories  6 truefalse. I like that it's a quick game,  that you  your opponent can see each others scoreboard as you go. I do wish they'd give a little more time to answerI'm a slow reader. Also, you can only have 1 game at a time going with each person. It's fun It's challenging Thumbs up
Awesome game Love this game I actually learn stuff...I'm actually alot dumber than I thought too... haha I've submitted some questions and I would like to know if any got submitted into the game.
Great game Just don't care for the social push but otherwise very fun game
Fun Just downloaded but already hooked. Good questions. The graphics could be better. Hexagons look fuzzy when they zoom in. Please make the images and colors sharper for a brighter, more enjoyable experience. Other than that, pretty fun Newbies start a game with me Type in JamesonA38 and start a game
Kind of fun just wish it would go to the next question right away instead of having to hit next every time.
Works well and lots of fun Enjoy the game and its stable on my HTC one. I only wish there was a statistics page i.e. wins, losses, average score, bestworst category.  Achievements would also be interesting...
Jeopardy and who wants to be a millionaire all in one I havn't stopped for hours at a time. Very addictive
Fun Game Easy, fun, thought provoking game.
Lots of Fun Difficult and multiplayer. Smooth fun interface. Definitely a must. Very addictive. Ads can be annoying but its not too much of an overload. But you can buy premium for 2.99.
Best Quiz Game EVER  I love this game. It's cool, Fun, competitive and you can actually learn from it This game is SO AWESOME Definitely try it out. I've always liked true or false games, here's the best one I've ever seen So go ahead and install it. D
