55 Best mobile game other than sa yet, i already have sa on my xbox 360. I remember playing vice city when it was still the new thing
Great game One issue so far is my galaxy note 3 will run hot playing this after some time.
Incredible on mobile One of the best games of all time available on mobile  who 'd of thought it possible Apart from some slight driving control issues, the game plays well  a great nostalgic trip
Works flawlessly, no lag or freezes Runs smoothly even with all the settings set to high on my Samsung Galaxy Note Pro 12.2 SMP900 and Samsung Galaxy Note 4 SMP910. Have never had a crash or freeze, thanks Rockstar for Vice City One suggestion, could you add Google Play Game Achievements.
Best Game Love this game thank you Rockstar. Just can't believe all the idiot 5 year Olds requesting their money back cause they finished the game. All i can say i is. . . WOW No wonder this world is heading to crap
Game Works Great Took 5 minutes to download in 4G network onto my Samsung Galaxy S6 phone. I had 13GB of free space on my phone prior to downloading this game. I turned everything up to full max in the settings and the game works great, zero issues with the game play. I got my 5 worth. Thanks guys. P.S.  I do not work for these guys and they did not pay me to say this. Im an everyday person just like you all are.
Works now A while back it had no lollipop support and the customer service folks couldn't really help or troubleshoot beyond the usual uninstall  reinstall tactic. It works with lollipop now so yeah, five stars
Best GTA now on Android This was a really fun game on the ps2 and its still really fun an intact on Android but the touch controls aren't the best. It lags on my Samsung Galaxy Note i7i7
Just Like I Remember My only problem is the throttle will cut out randomly for some reason. Does this happen to anyone else
Ahh the memories I still remember playing this on a pc 10 years  ago. Still a great game. Never wouldve thought I'd  be able to play it on my phone  some day.
Finally works on HTC one Had it downloaded for a long time and it didn't work... After recently trying it again it, they must have fixed it bc it runs pretty smooth
Great game This game is so addictive and awesome and it does lag a little but it's rare for it to lag. Maybe u could put some new things or more space in the city but other than that I think this game is cool.
Mega cool High quality design and development of new features. The best thing about the new graphic design and detail is the car crashes.
Same good old GTA VC, the controls are comfortable. For those with 905 error uninstall google play update in apps section in settings, restart the phone, disable screen sleep and start downloading, worked for me.
OK tip Also, love this game. If having trouble installing for any reason just uninstall the Play Store updates and reinstall this game. It installed on my Nexus 6 after I did this. I previously had this on my nexus 4 and 2nd Gen tablet Great port of Vice City Thx  Rockstar
