LOVE IT as the title statesI Love This App.No problem with the app.....Well maybe 1 problem.It's short if you're a player who continually plays the game.Other than that there's nothing wrong with the app
Absolutely Outstansing A wellmade piece of work here by Kairosoft. With the graphics and sound working well together, and the way the game itself plays out it is just so captivating and enjoyable. I couldn't stop playing.
Awesome I saw this game on reddit and decided to give it a try, and pretty much immediately upon playing the Lite version I wanted to buy the full version. For only 2 this game is a great value, I've had a hard time putting it down today. This is quickly becoming my favorite mobile game. If you're into these type of Simulator games, definitely give this a shot, you won't be disappointed.
Best game I played this on my iPhone and bought it as soon as I got a HTC one. Worth the money 100, this game had has me hooked and I can't stop playing it. Could be a bit more in depth though 810
Great Game Like the title says this is a great game not only is it unique but it is fun also I think it acutually makes you want to make your own game
One of the best... I recommended this to my cousin and she downloaded it and said Who knew just clicking a button could be fun That shows that people who think this game is retarded, actually PLAY the game. This should win Game of the Year 2015 But it has its flaws. When you hit 63 years, it freezes and that bugs me a lot.
Love it Probably the best mobile game I played other than sports. But it needs to be longer and that looks like a lot of people's thing. If you made it longer that would be amazing but still a great game
I love this game but... It seems with the newer phones my Samsung Galaxy Note 4 the frame rate seems to be alittle sketchy and slow. It's better with this newest update but still not quite there in terms of being able to play without being really annoyed. Which sucks because this is a fun game with lots of replay value for me.
Addictive  Battery Efficient I'm amazed at how this game doesn't heat up my phone even though I played it ALL day today. It uses less battery than a YouTube video. How Magic. It's so addictive and rewarding, and goes at a perfect pace for my attention span. Also, NO ADS and never requests money from you
Love it I just played 10 hours straight at work on my phone. Sure many people say it's repetitive, and it is, but there's something about beating your own high score while making your own video games that is so satisfying. Currently at Year 20 ingame. Absolutely worth the two dollars, it's the price of a coffee.
Good BUT... It's a very good Game but you can't really do a Groundbreaking Game which everyone likes and plays and buys...
needs a sequel game dev story is the gratest, now a days the only games are pay to play or boring but game developer story is a game it cost about 2 no inapp purchases no b great app altogether but Game Dev Story 2 would be great
Great price tons of fun I only got this today and already I'm 100 addicted. Thank you for such a wonderful game.
HOOKED I tired the demo and bought as soon a the trial was up. This game is so addicting. It tackles all the key points of running a game dev. company,  and presents them in a fun and light hearted way,  while still retaining a fair amount of realism. Also,  the attention to detail is there The new consoles coming and going,  the fan base,  the events and conferences, award shows and more,  keep the game fresh and interesting.  Great game
Potato Chip If you get the reference This game is a wonderful breath of fresh air. No paywall or ads of any kind Witty easter eggs, solid progression and combinations to keep things interesting. Well worth the buy
No sai do meu celular J fazem mais de 6 meses que tenho esse jogo e no consigo tirar ele do meu celular. Posso parar de jogar por um tempo, mas sempre volto. Bom demais
What happened I am lagging on my LG G3. This is the only game that does this. I'm pretty sure the game is no longer compatible with latest versions of android devices. Please patch. I LOVE this game, not being able to play because it is so slow kills me inside,
My favorite mobile game. I have had this game since 2011, and still play it more than any other game in my device. If you like management or tycoon type games, this one is a home run.
