Great mobile game with unforgivable bug I got a new phone, logged into the same Google account I used to play Kopp for about a year, and I can only start a new game.. Please let me know if the game does not save on the cloud and I should uninstall. Otherwise I would love to continue my year long adventure. Update still haven't heard from paradox about this issue.
Incredibly Fun I had a blast playing through this game. It has a surprising amount of depth I highly recommend this game,  especially if either RPGs andor DD are enjoyable to you
Issue fixed An update was released that deleted my save. Good guy dev fixed the update and restored my save. Thanks Other than, its a great game.
Old School Awesome I keep coming back to this game. Worth every cent.
Really fun Great mix of atmosphere, old school rpgs and table top gaming. Plus a bunch of fun references made through out the game.
BUY THIS NOW Great game and very entertaining, I'm actually glad I bought it but there serms to be a bug where after I get out of the dungeon in the beginning the background behind the DM flickers and goes black.  Otherwise this is a sweet game.  I put it on my Samsung Infuse and it wont even load past the main logo just vibrates a ccouple of times then force closes.  Guess ill have to keep playing it on my older Kyocera Echo, bummer.
Great game classic role play with depth  style With latest update, expansion pack works to purchase to play past the Tear. Really enjoy this. Good turned based role play, difficulty requires grinding which I don't mind. Pixel graphics, chiptune music and sound effects, classic nerd references, and winning hard battle all very satisfying. Nonlinear adventure and lots to do. Great dialogue. Fun for a few minutes or an hour.
Great game Good balance between simple and complex to be really fun.  Love that I can come and go easily when playing it.
Wow. This game blew my mind. As I was progressing rapidly through the game, I got to the amusement park. Connecting our two worlds was a genius idea, but confuzzling. I sat there trying to understand what was happening. I finally beat the game about 1957 days in.
MetaRPG rocks So you're playing as a bunch of folks who play a tabletop RPG. There are a lot of lame and fun jokes too 
A wonderful game The gameplay is simple and the challenges get harder and harder. The pixel art is great. The character combinations are hilarious I have a hipster druid and a wolfman paladin. This game is well worth the 2.50 I imagine that the second one only improves upon this one.
Great game Love this game, reminds me of old school games. Love the necromancer the best, fun fun. Keep up the great work guys
GOTY This game is super awesome I have Never played anything like this before Gg I hope you make more than 2 of these 
Best. Mobile. Game. Ever. Especially if you are an old school RPGer. This is one of only three mobile games I have ever played for more than 20 minutes. UPDATE I want to buy coins to start a new game. I can buy coins Now, where's Haunted Fall
