Great This is really as good as a fighting game can get on mobile devices without trying to clone console controls which makes for poor game play. The game is overall great, though I wish that there was a way to tell how many team members are participating in a given tournament.
Wow This was a game that was in the making for a long time. Thanks for all the updates. Excellent game love everything about it What's next... Mortal Kombat
Best game ever. I absolutely love this game. Its a pretty engrossing and exciting game. I recommend it strongly to people who want a little change in taste.
No to exelant Kun k ya jis trhan ya game ha sir derd hona lugjata ha mari is game bna na valon sa ej gusarih ha is ko mortal kombat x ki trhan ka system bnao pleas.
Great Switched to 5 stars from 2 stars....again.....now this update is good one....but still needs improvement because it has started crashing now.....i don't want to give 4 stars because i know you will fix it.....
For the creatos in Tekken Card Tournament This is the strategic game I've ever liked to... Jin Kazama and Hwoarang When I've download this game, this one is the best, unlike the oldest version of this game. Keep at the good work, guys . I appreciate this game D...
Quite a fun game. There's a little bit of balance issues for decks of Lower ranks. Not sure if that's still the case with higher ranks. There's a few cards not secret rares aside from law that seem a little out of hand in terms of power effectsdamage. Fun though
Great online fighting game Wish they would add more characters and make a cheaper pack, we are not made of gold you know
Action game. I loved it In this game uh can upgrade ur player n can fight with several powerful players.
Thumbs up Great game of ups and downs. If you are into card and fighting games this is for you especially if you are a Tekken fan. You can join teams or make one yourself. Don't be discouraged in the beginning we all start as noobs but with effort you can be on a good team with great help in a bit of time you will be a good fighter
I love this game I always loved tekken when I first discovered it  last year. Card tournament is another reason why I love it. Cool graphics simple but challenging. It is all in the cards...
Bs ye mobile pr download or install nai ho rhi but i play this in computer i liked it  so much
