Neat Very coo, no complaints. I stay tryna get three stars on everything before advancing lol its a whole lotta fun definitely a game worth getting
Fun and educational The fun part is the obvious game play, but the educational part is learning the timing and the rhythm, which is the basic beat, this is pretty well made game.
Excellent But needs and update with more songs and scenarios levels
Got bored but it's a well made game
Good game 
Add Dj Numi 
Fun rhythm game, wish there are more rhythm games for mobile.
Amazing game, bug in latest version Awesome rhythm game with catchy music and beautiful artwork. Latest version has minor glitch on Nexus 4  weird thin bars at the top and bottom of the screen  with graphical garbage.
New favourite I love this game I loved DJ Max, and this is like the perfect mobile device version of it. Amazing game, no issues whatsoever. Try the free version and you'll HAVE TO buy this.
More than worth the price Music is cute and catchy, like the characters and sound effects, great concept and story mode is great Starts easy, gets challenging. Very satisfied
Favorite My favorite game.  It may be hard  challenging,  but I like it.
WOW Amazing, amazing, amazing My galaxy S3 runs this with no lag. With headphones on this is, without a doubt, the best game I've played on my phone. BOOM
What is Appzil and what happened to the older devs
Awesome Loving the musif
Pretty Amazing Fun, entertaining, and a great time waster. It's pretty cheap too which is always a plus.   I would love it if they added even if it has to be a different app a radiohammer customize where you can create your own and make your friends play it.  Not a must though. I really like how simple it is right now.
Great game Very simple but well made, fun game. I enjoy music a lot and I find the music in this game quite well done with simple but effective controls to go with it. Definitely pick it up if you have a couple of bucks to spare.  Though it does get quite challenging, I only managed to complete the game about 10 minutes ago after trying about 50 times on Simply Lita's episode 3 stage 4 gt,gt Can't wait for the new character.
Awesome Visually stunning And the gameplay is much harder than anticipated. I hope to see more games from you guys
Very fun Wish there was more This is a quality game that anyone can enjoy Challenging bits but its fun to tap to the beat and watch bad guys fly.
Fun, Addicting and Exciting Game and Music The music is fun, upbeat or down right catchy. The game is not always easy but it's fun because of that. The graphics are amazing and original and so is the story. Only wish there were more characters
Amazing RadioHammer is one of the best rythym games i have ever played. It has that asian feel to it with the graphics and it has music. I cannot live without music and this game has some really good tracks to it. It is a fun and challenging game, the boss battles are challenging, but it adds more to the game. I mean what kind of game would be really fun if it was super easy. This game is amazingly awesome. Best money i spent on a phone game.
Simply amazing This game has some wonderful music. I love playing it and it's very hard to put down. Just the right amount of difficulty so you don't pass right away and get bored. my favorite game
BEAM OFF This a really detailed game, hard, and extremely fun. I love the songs and the stories for each character. The game mode called random could used song thing like a boss rush by mixing all bosses songs. Some minor glitches with song characters and song but overall an incredible game.
Love the music I hope that vinyl lab will soon release the ost for the game, really nice
Actually is a console worthy game I paid 99c for this game but bad games make me hesitant to buy android games. This game sets the standard high for games and I would gladly pay more for this masterpiece. Thank you developers for making such a good game
Very fun The game is incredibly fun.  The music is fun to groove along to, and although it starts easy, it becomes challenging  There seems to be quite a few hours of content.  Very very glad I got this game.
