Very well done. Easy to use.  A comprehensive list of knots.  Definitely a very handy app.
I learned to tie knots with this app I went from only being able to tie granny knots and half hitch upon half hitch to being able to choose and tie the appropriate knot for any occasion.  I only wish the Details title bar button was available on the phone like it is on the tablet.  Still, 5 stars for such a useful and clear app.
Animated Knotes Best App for Boy Scouts, and home use.  I give this to scouts who have problems dith direction and can tie knots at their own pace.  It is a great learning tool
Very Clear and Comprehensive Just a wealth of very useful knots and supplementary information,  presented in a very clear and userfriendly fashion. A great reference for outdoorsmen and do it yourselfers. Excellent technical support from the developer as well.
Super program. Learn knots the easy way. The very best application of its kind. Been using the site for years and finally bought the app. Even has a information regarding uses and history of the knot. Something very useful to do on rainy days.
One of my favorite apps Perfect. The animations are nicely done, and the text is very helpful.
Endless hours of amusement, all you need is this app which is the best of its kind and a few feet of rope.
It's great. Plenty of knots. If it doesn't have one I need I check the website.
Love this app, search could use some work though.
Perfect Very handy, and the author adds knots if you request them. What's knot to like pun intended
Knots by Grog The absolute best knot software out there. To do better you would need a seafaring, mountain hiking, backpacking, rock climbing grizzled old man and his role.
Exactly what you expect. Tried a couple of instructional knot apps. This one is my favorite.
Great teaching app As a scout leader this is invaluable for myself and my scouts.  Only thing I would love to see are more details around where some of the various knots should or should not be used.
Comprehensive and easy to understand Best app I've found to teach both how and when to use a wide array of knots.
Great app Gotta find a way to share it with friends
brilliant best app for knots without a doubt we'll done 
Tight lines If you don't know knots tie lots....  not with this app though...
Great app With a keen interest in Bondage I have found this app very useful in expanding my working knowledge of rope tying.
Very useful I don't always tie knots, but when I do, I prefer ANIMATED KNOTS by Grog.  The Most Interesting Man in the World.
Fantastic app This app is incredibly comprehensive and full of useful knots
It's my can't do without Use it...
Musthave application, for all Android users With just about every knot known to man included in this application, you will always be able to ensure that you remember how to tie a suitable knot for your task, securely. Whether you just want to tiedown your trailer, you work in the marine industry, you're the outdoors type or you're just an Everyday Joe, Animated Knots is wellandtruly worth having installed
Dave Latimer This is a very useful app
Samsung Galaxy Note 2 phone Outstanding application
Great ap Honest review  this application is great for any sailor, scout, or really anyone looking to make their lives easier with line
As a rigger its a great app
Best app for outdoors and nautical Ive used all of these, from search and rescue, to the bucket sling Awesome app
Great Job. Very convenient and straightforward, for when you are out in the field.
Total everything Best app ever for knots. If a fisherman like me also get the free Knott wars app.
Awesome Have tried a couple other apps. This is the best so far. And the detail info on pros and cons is very helpful.
