Excellent app I've been using this app for some time now. It functions extremely well. I've not had a single malfunction with this app other than something due to my own error. I use this daily for about four or five different reminders. It's an  indispensable app for me. I tried other alarm apps prior to this one. None of them can compare, and I'm a meticulously picky user.
Another Android user The very best alarm app on the market. I don't know what else one could do to improve on it Good Job.
Fixed Congratulations The latest fix finally made it safe and reliable, even on devices with Flipcover LG G3 Circle case for instance. One of the best if not the best alarm on the market. Exactly what you need.
Best I've found Love it. Suggestion hook to current weather with triggers for snow, temp,rain. Allow a pre alarm to wake early. Also traffic perhaps
Use it everyday, a musthave I have tried several alarm apps and this one I found works the best.  It has never let me down for getting up on time or using it in the middle of the day for reminders. All the different options are great too
Best Sar'nt Major More than enough functions for any sleepyhead. It works
Best alarm I use it everyday.
Very Useful Probably the best in terms of alarm apps.  This is worth buying pro.  It's rare for me to give a 5.  Good job.
Perfect
the best alarm clock. I love the layout and the transparent background is fantastic  I set my favorite tunes to wake me and that's what they do.
Smart alarm Wouldn't be without it
Works great
good app
I'm HAPPY with this app  I have lots of kids and rely on this app every day of the week, ranging from soccer, to waking up in the morning, to work. I use it when any of us get sick and are prescribed antibiotics, it's a lifesaver It does everything I need in a simple, smart, and clean way.  Easy to use Love it I do wish I could use more than one group for each alarm.  I would also love added groups and location.  The quick timer count down is great for timed homework too
Only alarm I could find for every other day I recently began taking a prescription medicine every other day and none of the other alarm apps that I installed  used did this.   I figured out how to do it with Google calendar but it isn't consistent with notifications but Smart Alarm works every time.
Best alarm Never fails.  What more do you need
Best alarm app Tried numerous others before this and a couple with big promises but Smart Alarm has consistently been the best.
First app I ever purchased. Perfect.
Great Alarm Clock I use it everyday
Perfect and super fast alarm setting that tells you how many hours until the alarm goes off. The paid version is worth it,  giving you unlimited alarm sets and no ads.
Pls add more option see this app repeat alarm every 15 minutes
Alarm Clean simple great
Excellent. Does all what I want, nearly... The only way that this app could be improved would be if it made me a cup of tea and walked the dog
Perfect Very advanced, highly configurable yet still easy to use. Has always worked flawlessly for me. Highly recommend
Great For me the alarm fade in and grouping of alarms are the best features.
Great App Perfectly flawless
Best All you need, and great support.
Can't live without it It's been my lifeline to keep me on track with an endless and everchanging to do list  Thanks for all the features
I love it You can use music from your phone as the alarms.
Awesome This alarm is the shiznit Samsung Galaxy Note II   This alarm is awesome It's accurate and has lots of customization options. I use this alarm exclusively and daily
Advertising did not stop after upgrade Best alarm app. As my stock on S6 is poo  Unlimited snoozes. Upgraded to remove advertising but didnt dissappear. Please fix thanks.
Works great Love all of the features, the configurability, and its reliability.
