Great mind worker. The more you play the more you develop better strategies.
Great Game  AI
Best cribbage game This game is one of the best cribbage games out there. AI levels are fair and I love all the customizable features.
1010 Good game, been stable since first installed years ago, best crib game out there
Great Best cribbage game around
Best cribbage app. I have played this game religiously for the past three years, so I figure it's time to finally rate it. I hate to be THAT guy, but to the people saying that advance cheats because it's difficult to beat... maybe you're just bad at Cribbage
One of the best games that I've found I have the free version on my android phone. I've been playing for over a year. On very rare occasions it will freeze or play slow. Otherwise it's great Warning Extremely addictive
Great implementation, reasonably intelligent AI Don't worry about the folks complaining that the ai cheats. I'm only a decent player and I have a roughly 50 win rate over hundreds of games on advanced, with muggins on. It's good enough to be a challenge, but does make enough predictable or suboptimal pegging decisions to give a good human player a slight edge.
Long Time User I play this daily. This is a great distraction and mind exercise.
Great fun great app Great fun great app
Cribbage heaven Now you can play crib without having to engage with coffin dodgers down the pub. Top stuff.
Updates The new changes in the Multiplayer Game have been for the better, much faster, much fairer. A much more realistic experience.
Fair game I've been playing only the advanced level or multiplayer for years.  My winning percentage is 51.  check my stats  The game does not cheat.   The advanced level simply plays well.  I think those who accuse the game of cheating are just lousy cribbage players.
Classic Cribbage Well designed, play slowly or quickly as you like. Excellent features such as tutoring, hints, record keeping, replays etc., whichmost on line or downloadable crib games lack. Overall the best computer crib game I have come across.
Great app Works very well for me. I especially like the online play mode.
Get this one. Great cribbage game
Outstanding I spent a tiny amount of money, I've played almost 600 games.  Great value
Must download Best crib game to download
Great game love to play.
Gr8 game Trish g ma
Fun fair and I recommend it
I enjoy this game The way this game plays is great. If you enjoy playing cribbage against real people, it's a must.  Thanks
Best cribbage app out there And it keeps getting better
