This is great I got this during last year's Holiday sale, not only it's fun to play and well polishedit works on Android TVADT1 really well
Great Game Taken independently of price, this game is great.  When you consider how inexpensive it is for the quality, it is one of the best values I have ever seen in a game.  Great production values, great level design, wonderful art.  All around amazing job.
Awesome on Nexus Player I played through this over the last month or two on the Nexus Player. A very rich and imaginative game you can tell the developers really cared about their work. My two young kids loved sitting by my side and watching me play it. Very well done, and quite challenging near then end.
Fun Game Very immersive game with great graphics and excellent graphics. Only complaint is it doesn't save to Google.
My 3 year old and 8 year old love it And so do I, tons of fun, well done game, just get it BTW its awesome on the nexus player
A great update to a classic Genesis game The game is gorgeous and features good controls and great music. It runs great on the Nexus Player. Being the only Android port that has true gamepad support. If you loved the classic Genesis version then, Oh boy This is the game for you.
Very fun I love this game Its the perfect game for kids if u love Mario cart or anything like that then u will love this game
Full controller support on Android TV Thank you for adding it Runs great on the Nvidia Shield TV
Amazing game for Nexus Player Great game. They really must have worked hard on it. The second I saw it was only .79 I had to get it. You should get it now while it's still on sale because you will love it.
Fantastic Lots of fun playing on Android TV.   No issues.
Fantastic This game is awesome, I'm really surprised at how well it looks and it plays. Keep up the good work.
Amazing on Android TV Please connect the game to Google Play Games and add achievements and cloud saves Excellent game otherwise
Great Probably the best graphics, gameplay, and complete game I've seen on android and it may seem expensive but compared to games that require so many inapp purchases to finishbeat it's actually very cheap No one would fill like this game was not worth every dime Great job keep them coming I'll buy from developer's like this over and over
Best Game of Disney This game is amazing,  graphics, story line. I wonder Y people say that the control is not good. It worth is buying.
Quite a Surprise I'm usually wary of both Disney games and 3D mobile games because they're usually poorly done. But this is a solid redone classic. The score and narration are what make it fantastic and enjoyable for all ages. The controls are pretty responsive,  but the jump area is a bit too narrow on my phone. But for 79 I can't complain
Best game ever Perfect graphics Great gameplay Awesome mechanics and puzzles If anyone dislikes this fun game they just cant hang with life  i never been so impressed with a mobile game.
Only1ant This is a great game one of the top for mobiles, the graphics are really good the levels are challenging, and it's easy to control on my s5 galaxy, think people who are having control problems are not used to playing on a mobile, worth the money would be great if there was a sequel
Hate it........ I LOVE THIS GAME. ILL NEVER STOP PLAYING, EVEN THOUGH I HATE MICKEY MOUSE, THE GAME IS AWESOME
One of the best games I've played on mobile Graphic is very very nice. The control itself is responsive, but then it doesn't match the gamepad on consoles. The gameplay is quite challenging especially because you are playing this game on a phone. This game reminds me of the Mickey mouse game I used to play 20 years ago.
