But Why can we know witch animals are girls oh whait I know its the color . But still just keep the badgers not the other thing I said. And also can let us play as the animals we choose and lice our lives start a family and find food and water
Cute game Create and shape a small world in however way you want. It's pretty easy to use. Moving around the camera can be cumbersome but manageable. Maybe make the world larger and offer more environments to play with
Error, error, error I am really mad that I took 3 bucks out of my wallet for an error bug popping upI am giving it 5 stars because I have the game on over 50 devices and I love the game
Gooooooooood  Glad I waited for the update to fix the loading bug. It's really well done with great naive graphics, cute animations and soothing sound ambience. The only thing that's not great is that the zoom level is not configurable, can't look neither up nor down and above all you have to start from scratch each time   Seems like it's their philosophy as it's the same thing with Toca Mini no save option of any kind. Sisyphe... does it mean anything to you  D
Best of the best Wow You guys keep adding more great apps for google play and I am so glad Keep doing what you're doing I have a couple requests please. Could you possibly add Toca Kitchen 2 and Toca Tailor Other Toca Boca apps would be great, too. And could you please add another update for this app so that we can come back to our saved worlds That would be great Thank you
Great game It's hard to find good games on the app store, but this is one purchase I will not regret Adorable and very creative game I wish there were more games like this.
Wonderful I love this game, I just love these games where I can create and design my own landscape Growtopia, Minecraft, Simcity Buildit etc.. But...I know I'm a terrible person...I think the polar bears are ugly. Yeah. Sorry, that's just my personal opinion 
Needs more animals I love the game but can you add more animals like squirrels hamsters elephants and others
Fun D This game is very fun and  has cute animals. I would recommend it to people who like animals or Toca Boca games. But it would be even better if something else was added. Like if the world was bigger or you can save worlds. But all together, this game is very good and the graphics are cool.
I have a problem Love the  game but every time I make a new world it just deletes  it. Is it supposed  to do that
Some  thing good Wow what kind of app Is this so cool but this app just use 1 of battery use I really love this app COOLY so good it's like my expression in here is OMG WOW THIS A COOL app so I never deleted it
Amazing. Add more Sound effects, music, graphics, lightings are beautiful. Here's a secret build bear trees on a snowy hill to get a polar bear Please add new features and animals. Maybe add bushes, squirrels, moose, swamp, pebble trails, and terrain. I'd like more customization.
OMG E and entertaining and fun and all dat cool stuff worth dat money dou
Awesome Im 12 and I absolutely adore this game Its so cute and fun I havent found any foxes yet but I'll keep trying 
I love it I love it and so does my 3 yr old brother I can never get my brother off it and I love playing it I would really recommend  this to anyone
Why you do that Oh, wait... Okay, so I saw this cute game that I was into and tried downloading it, but it didn't want to download the first day, so I refunded. I tried the day after today and it still gives me errors. AND I CAN'T EVEN GET ANOTHER REFUND LATER ON thank you toca Somehow it downloaded Thanks very much
