Soo much lovely and nice game I love it so much because of its super cool playing and its amazing levels.                             I am so thank full to that man that person who invent this game love you yaar
It's awesome  It's great for if your bored and I really enjoy it. It's easy to control and I luv it in general Great game   
Loved it so much One of the best games I've ever played I recommended it to all of my friends and if you're looking for something to do when you're really bored you should buy this game the graphics are ok I think they could have done better  but other than that the game is great
Great. So lovely and amazing good to play when you are bored, very interesting game
Innovative gaming. Really addictive and wonderful game. The levels are fantastic. Wonderful gameplay, no glitches only occasional ads that distracts you from wasting your hours with this addictive game.
Very nice..love it Amazing game.. Nice and intresting.. I completed all levels..plzz add more levels..
Good game but I have fished all 60 levels with 3 stars and I have every bike fully upgraded would be awesome if we could get some new bikes and new levels. Been playing same levels so may times I have 1,001,119 coins.
Awsome I love how cool it is and it has the best graphics and no bugs.
Fun but challenging. I have 3 stars and no deaths on all levels, wondering when there will be more levels added.
Love it Its so easy its my favorite motorcycle game ever , if anyone's looking for a cool motorcycle game get bike racing 3D
Loving it Done with all levels. Got all the stars. But now I need more coins to increase the performance of the bikes. What should I do now for it
great, seru sayangnya tracknya cuma sampe 4 stage... setelah tamat, selesai gamenya...lebih oke kalau ada lanjutannya
like it a lot bt need an update please bring new updates with more level I completed evry stage with 3 star
If you like trial bike games download this But dont waste your time upgrading bikes use the first one till you have enough money for white mx then save for last 
Best bike game All my dear friends that seeing my comment please download this game and experience the love of racing.
Cool Nice game, but difficult to collect stars
1 Awesme game but some of d levels r vry tough tat we cnt clear it cos bikes nt proper over elasticity of handling
