Most fun I've had in awhile Definitely one of my top 10 most favorite mobile games of all time TONS of replay value, coop mode, various types of play and difficulties to keep you coming back
Love this game This game is absoloutly awesome, although a little repetitive, the few things i think you should improve are firstly adding the option to login with google play and play with google friends.
AWSOME, read for update idea Awsome game, recomend downloading                                        update idea in a similar way to btd battles send bloons to yourself to recieve extra cash every 6 secs the bloons you send don't award cash when poped                                           Keep up the good work
Its a time killer When I'm waiting for something I play this app to kill time, I can spend hours and hours playing this game 
An absolute classic I had to get disappointed with Monkey City From the same author to fully appreciate this game, if you like towe defense games this is your game I can not recommend it enough, no in game purchases required at all. This is a fair fun game that feels rewarding and you will keep coming to it for months and months. 6 stars
Good Game Usually no bugs, great time waster, gets boring after awhile, they should make more game modes, like some story mode, or new bloons, it gets very repetitive.
Best Game Ever I'm completely addicted. I never have crashes or any problems with this game. I always find myself making new goals and trying to do better each time I play. This game is just pure fun
Great I hope you guys make a Bloons TD6, that would awesome, or come out with new towers, and new maps would be nice maybe a harder level that goes up to 100 That would be perfect.. PS I would die for this game
Pls add an adventure mode Please add them. The feature is good but..... boring after a while. It's a good game and concept, but please,add like,stories.why the bloons even attack the city and why monkey have to kill them in the first place. Seriously, you just given a mission pop bloons, win, repeat.     And pls add character like cobra, but more centered like weaken bloons and stuff.
Great People, stop saying its the games fault for the problems because it must be your device..This game runs very well on my device its just the only problem is not being able to save progress But its not a large problem. Also make it so I can sign in with other devices like Google or game center
Add character Bloons TD5 is cool, but I want the COBRA. Just like on Bloons TD battles.
Progress I really love this game but I switch phones alot. I think you guys should make it to were we can transfer progress
