Easy controls, nice music. I love how the weapons can make it really nasty at times. It's a great racing game.
Great fun Really enjoying this game but it needs a manual reset button and reverse. U turns are impossible so you drive straight into something but if you're not perfectly square it takes ages to auto reset. Online mode would be good too, revolt 2 Multiplayer did it and that is great fun. Still having fun playing this game though and hope you make another and expand it a bit more. Good job.
Worth the investment Easyonthenerves racing game Great graphics. Weapons rocks Reminds me of REVOLT.
Fantastic Fun with gorgeous graphics, great for all ages. Highly recommended.
Proper takes me back to micro machines Wouldnt download for first 9 attempts 10th the lucky one im glad too coz it's a reyt game big up the devs
Top racing game. Just wanna thank the devs, i luv racing games and this one is one of the best, especially as you can play ur own music while playing, it takes me back to the old school table top racing game, except this is a modern retake on it, flashier graphs and better cars and tracks, once again well done devs top game.
Fantastic Nice, immersive graphics, I used to play the free version of this game, I get 60FPS, on extreme graphics benchmark lol Hahaha, good and smooth handling, easy to drive and challenging.
Great game. Feels very polished, does need more crazy levels and weapons
It's Great but i have to ask why does the game does not have any Brakes
I really like it... but not sure what I'm doing to keep get eliminated
Fun fun fun..... It's total fun of smooth racing. Ultimate racing game. Must have if u love racing. Amazing graphics.
Reminds me of micro machines To be honest its better than MM. Full respect and credit to the developers of this game. Keep up the good work. Oh forgot to say the premium version's worth every penny. I use a sony xperia device and experience none of the problems mentioned in other comments 1010.
The best This takes me way back. Had a game like this on the mega drive Love it. Control is great for a table top racer. The graphics are great too. Really like the game I used to play. The prize money is good and in app purchase of coins seems fair unlike RR3..Now my favourite game
A steal for the price My first premium purchase on google play couldn't have been a better game. Hours of fun
