Awesome I am a huge word puzzle fanatic I can't always carry my puzzle book with me...but I always have my phone. This app as well as the Acrostics App  the  Cryptograms App are Awesome  perfect for me Worth the money
This is a great logic problem app  easy to use, good interface. The puzzles are good, and the intro pack comes with a nice mix of easy, medium and hard.   Egghead Games has amazing customer service  I added a pack of easy logic problems and then realized they were too easy. They immediately refunded my money, no questions asked, and were insanely polite about it. I promptly bought the Casual pack instead and am a very happy customer   Highly recommend
Logic Puzzles This app is so easy to use and if you like logic puzzles this is the better one to get. Love the Quick Logic Puzzles too You can play a new puzzle everyday to keep your mind sharp and the erase your mistakes button is great to have on the harder levels. Also additional puzzles are priced great A
Awesome It was worth the money for this app.  I bought and played all the others one on the other app.  This game keeps the mind sharp.  I love how you can chose if you want the easiest or the hardest logic game.
Awesome Puzzles I love logic puzzles. I like that these are harder than the book of logic puzzles that I had purchased. Oddly though, I seem to solve the harder puzzles faster than the easy ones lol.
Great  puzzles Love the variety available  from the company. From relaxing to challenging  you can  find whatever you like.
Cute Game  This is a fun game, I played it while I was on a plane, and kept me entertained for hours  The puzzles are difficult enough to solve that the entire family can enjoy the game
Just the job Great fun. Only just 'found' logic puzzles, but by using the 'hint' to begin with it was easy to get started. Thanks
Best place for Logistic puzzles As a Logistic puzzle addict this app is great for I and anyone else in the same boat. For a very reasonable price, considering what you get in return, you get 50 puzzles at different levels of difficulty. With the option to purchase more at again a very reasonable price. I find it very hard to find these puzzles in puzzle books or at the newsagents so this is a 5 app.
How did I not find this sooner Loved these puzzles as a kid, super happy now I found them on my phone  goodbye productivity
Great game Looks great and plays great
Installed on all my devices Great program, fun and exercises my brain. 
AWESOME This app is set up nice and easy If you love these kind of puzzle problems or just simply like solving stuff this is the app to get
Favorite Awesome puzzles
great fun
Love it
Best logic puzzle app This is by far the best logic puzzle so I have used. Great interface, and I live how the hint feature explains step by step the hints so I can learn from it. More puzzle packs with original stories please
Worth the purchase Hated,  HATED the free apps out there.   Decided to purchase this and I'm glad I did   Using the Galaxy Note II Note3 Now means I have a stylus which is great for this
More puzzles please Need more extreme puzzles
Love logic puzzles good four the mind
Note 4 Love this app
Very entertaining This app will keep you entertained for hours Love it
so addictive I purchase new puzzles every month and love it. hours of good logic fun
Love, love this app Love the variety Please add new puzzles more often
My FAV I love this game and keep purchasing packages
Overall goodness I'm really happy with this game, it has the ideal UI, control method, the puzzles are just the right difficluty and there are plenty of them. On top of all, great customer service
Only app I pay for I really like this app. There are so many puzzles that once you've done them all, you can reset and start over without knowing all the answers. I would like some of the words to be larger some puzzles are very easy to read, but others have tiny print. I've downloaded several puzzle apps, and this is definitely my favorite by far.
Great job This is the best logic puzzle app out there. Great puzzles, app works great, thanks
Fantastic This is a really great set of logic puzzles Well implemented and challenging
Excellent Great app functionality and a nice variety of puzzle difficulty and arrangement.
