Its football Great game but i got a few questions 1. In which foot ball game does the goal keeper come out of the penalty box with the ball.                                           2. Why are there cheers only at the start and when you score goal's.                                                                  The game is good , it will be better if you fix these problems.
Nice game easy to play more good than FIFA 15 and dream league soccer these both games FIFA and dream league soccer is worst than this game .FIFA phaltu
Easy Pizzy Haha everytime i playing ill got 10 goals so easy, but that glitch keepers tho xD but yea nice game, u should make it lil hard
Awesome The graphics,the teams,the trophies and the gameplay they are all awesome but not as awesome as me but l still call awesomeness
Lovin ths game Ths game is the best game i evr played.Nice images and good teams.This game has a one of a kind song.FYI you goda download ths game.BEST GA E EVERThats why i give them 55
Awesome... me n my son keep fighting to play this game.. We are having great time playing this game.. super fun..
I absolutely love this game This is spectacular. You wouldn't expect such good detail with the graphic levels in the advertising display. They seemed too detailed compared to the actual game, which they are not. I just wish there was an option to be the team Philadelphia Union Too bad none of the teams are legit. Philly girl all the way
Best football game downloaded ever  I'm addicted to this master piece football game .Graphics,control and every other thing is superb . If it had an option to rate 100000000 stars , I could rate it .Game creator is LEGENDARY  .. 
ultimate best booooooommmmmm  what a game ...........     not a  single complain....    doesn't hang                   easy control       and mostly love the penalties and long shots ....maan gaye guru 
Amazing. Doesn't take up much space, has versions of many well known teams and is really fun. Doesn't have those annoying ads either.
I don't like it,I JUST LOVE IT This game was amazing.This makes me entertained, it is just amazing
Average The opponents goalie comes out of his box to take a free kick. And sometimes when the ball crosses the goal line it is not awarded a goal. But overall a nice time pass.
Love.it It is fun and it is just like soccer so if love soccer then you will love this  D
Addicted to it Amazing game first I got problems with tackling then I understood pretty good game
Love it Its a really nice game um. I also recomend clash of clans or Fifa 15 Very awesome thxx Mouse games
Great Game, but add a difficulty. This is game is absolutely fun and addicting its like FIFA 15 but a low budget version of it or lite version... one thing I'll request is you add a difficulty level, because the game's difficulty is set or is like on very easy mode.... I can reach to a score of 110 in less than 5 mins.... please add a difficulty level and 5 stars... Goodluck.
It does not have any mind blowing skill software but you can be improve your passing It is cool
Fun football  Very nice graphic  smooth animation on my lowend phone. I like this game better than FTS because it is easier to play. My suggestion to developers needs more options ie. goaltogoal camera view, short pass  long pass, and pressure tackle besides slide tackle.
Its so gooood I enjoy it but other people say its bad and hate the game but its good as it is o and pleas make them run a bit fast plz thanks.
The best game in my life The game is very awesome and tricky. And I love the options friendly, carrer and world cup.I like the team madrid crown in friendly and carrer.I like the team Portuagul in world cup.Thats why I like the game
i like it can you make new vision and i want the new version same as the preview that you show at here . i want it to be the best game .   and i will recomend it to my friend because it was so bestttt
