It's like being in a candy store They have everything you could think of. They have a catigory 4 inside the car, headphones, watchs, small electronics, ect. It's like being in a candy store going to this site. Prices dirt cheap, They send you reminders for items that you have bought, but that's on b.o., they also let you know when you have items in your wish list that you might like these items, and so much more,  them out you'll C. Thanks LGG2
Fun to shop fun to shop and see little this and that's ordered a few things so far some ship times  are long but always get the item I paid for.
Definitely Recommend As long as you don't mind waiting for shipping the products are actually great and you save a ton of money
Has alot to choose from I use wish, im glad they have something for elctronics now.. ordered a balance board for 300 bucks off there.. lets see if its legit
RECLINER KING Sorry that it took so long to find this site but all I have to say now is......... FANDAMTASTIC  Did not know that there was so much cool stuff in the world 
So far so good I like the items They all shipped in good shape, but one ,the box was a little bent up ,that's alright the product was just fine thank you for such good deals Jeanette
Fun I always look at this app and make purchases on here. I don't have any complaints yet . most  of these things come from overseas and yet they still are delivered around the estimated time.. only had one come in a week later, but my sister loved it for her birthday. 5 stars across the board
Absolutely Chinese Everything comes from the mother land of all products...China Mostly everything you could want for a great price. Only downside is the time it will take to get to you. Prices and shipping is cheap Please give this app a try, initial sign up gets you a free gift, which is awesome
Awesome I'm able to get some good winter gear here. Not to mention some stuff for camping like that flint fire starter. Just random things I didn't know about but are so handy.
Going to buy some things. Trying it out get back with you let you know how it works... God bless...
I got one product from it and had serious doubts, but when it came in and worked I was suprised. I plan to get more things from it. However I wonder what protection Geek will give you, such as guaranteed product effectivness, or free returns. I really dont approve of the slow shipping time. Because of this, I sometimes go to amazon instead which should be improved
Nice, very nice. A 7 quad core google tablet for 39  an 8GB Android Watch for 20, so it's 5 star. Still wondering why the app needs permission to my picture and media files, but I guess I will let it slide. If you need something right away, you may not like it as much, some of the estimated arrivals, would not get here by the upcoming Festival of Gluttony, celebrated on December 25th.
