Lauri Whitefeather Love this game No ads, wthe exception for other games at th beginning of ur new deal, gimmicks or popups. I've had no probs so far. Ppl, stop lookin around, this is the 1 to download
Simply Addictive Sometimes, less is more. This is simple and basic. No flashy gimmics and it's a better game, for it. Not overly complicated or fussy. No infuriating ads. Just playable fun. Great game
Play anywhere Love the fact that I can play solitaire any where I want on my tablet. Don't have to lay my cards on a table to play.Also like the format of this game.
I love this version. The back grounds  card backs. I don't mind the ads, cuz there's too many  every version has ads.
The best Awesome and very fun. I'm 13 so that's saying something.
Fun Fun I love playing solitaire, and this app. gives me all the play I can want.
Only ads so far is for other games, that's better than the other solitaire games.
Simple,  Free,  Quick Great app without all the cumbersome things of the more downloaded solitaire apps.
This Solitaire game is the best ever. It will move the cards for you. move the cards With just a tap. Really cool. Barbara
A do over would be nice.  However, gives the best challenge.
I use to play all the time, I hate dealing the card. Now I don't have to..I Love this app.
This seems to be the Solitary game that works best for me. It isn't a power hog at least not as bad as most, and is quite flexible in it's different modes. I don't want to compete with the world, I simply choose to kill some time now and then. It allows just that.
Great solitaire game. Looks good and functions without glitches.
Solitaire Great app to keep me amused.
I like this game very cool app. The best.
I thoroughly enjoyed the game  5 star
Solitaire Really like this solitaire and have tried a lot of them.
Asks for very little compared to other similar apps
Clean and simple One of the few game apps which doesn't overwhelm you with adverts. Flawless gameplay too.
Love it play it all the time with normal cards
