Don't make prices on purchases because if they don't have it then they might rate you badly I can't afford it anyway But I still love it anyway
Wow I love doing my nails and I know I am going to get mad about the ads  because I hate ads and also I hope that if I try and buy something on this game it better not be like 3.67 dollars of something but it is fun
Great app but Can you make every thing free. It will make every thing easy and you can get more people to download and keep  the app.plz make it free.but this is an very great app i love it
So fun My Daughter  I have a great time taking pics of our hands and decorating our nails we even take pictures of her friends and dad and grandparents, she finds it silly and has a good laugh.
Good The good thing about it is you can so your do your own nail and friends and it never crash   and it good because you can also get cool design it its great you should get it
I love this game because I can make any nail polish without any problems but the problem is that when get 2 last figer s they buy full version for your game
Love Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love y love
Great I like this because you can take a picture and you can do it by a fake hand too and it's great for my little cuz so it's fun
Loved it This is the best thing ever it is like I am doing people's nails in real life it is  awesomeness game in the world please get this game u will not regret it when u get it please get I am begging u it is wonderful
Great game This game is really awesome. I have lots of fun doing my nails I just wish you didn't have to pay to finish the rest of the hand. Other than that the game is amazing 
Love it It may not be the best game but it is a very good game even if you have to pay to get the whole thing. My sister is in love with it And so does my brother.
Love it You can take A picture  of someone not dust their hand but their whole body and click the arrow on every  nail where it is  and make the nails the Way you want it.
Very good you can take a pic of your hand if you want to and decorate nails. On problem when you get to the 4th nail it has an advert about unlocking the full vision of it, you can't get it off and you can't do your nail, don't press the forward arrow, top right hand corner, ask a mum or dad to sort it out ,you have to pay other wise to unlock,then it takes a pic  when you press the arrow and you have not finish all you nails See what I mean 
What I love it its like the most amazing app ever. it's fun exciting and it just gets you the mood. it gives you something to do when your bored. I recommend getting this app cuz its just its just really fun and stuff like that.. love it.
