Different The completely different  icon pack,yet it manages to remain material. I think.
My favorite icon pack and the developer is very active. And the chrome icon is beautiful.
Best icon pack Love this icon pack Only one minor issue. I can't find the cameras you have on the Playstore preview under Google, letter C or Alternative icons.
Excellent Great icon pack. Attention to details. Love it
Any chance of a Spotify logo similar to the stock Spotify logo
Awesome I absolutely love this icon pack. It's spent more time as my icon pack than any other. Really awesome design.
BEST ICON PACK EVER This is the best material design icon pack. The devs do hear our request. Great job Keep it up. 
Icon believe how awesome this is Maybe you can, but icon Really nicely written app to easily dress up your favorite launcher.
M.J.J Materialistik is Marshmallow on my Lollipop Beautifully drawn, mellow, with muted pastels make these icons seductive and slightly sensuous. I enjoy them.
Amazing Love it.
These are nice It's like a trip back to Ice cream sandwich icons but with more vibrant colours and of course their own style. I loved the ICS style like the way twitter was a bird icon and not a bird PIC on a square. Definite 5 stars from me
My new favorite I have a lot of great icon packs, but this one is my new favorite. Endlessly interesting, so much variety, great attention to detail, and so many alternatives for popular apps. Kudos
Looks good Good designs, unique color schemes, and great outside edges no boring circle or square silhouette icons.
Great Just fix the video icon in xperia devices pls,it look like the phone icon.
Best material theme out there Great work . i hope the requested icons do eventually come
LOVE IT One of the best I've brought
Love it... HQ icons Overall great HQ icons. Need Amex, Samsung Pay, Samsung Gear, and the ATT UVerse icon would be amazing  ... please
Great Noticed some of the icons don't apply and have to manually be done every time they're updated JEFIT and Relay for Reddit come to mind. Icons are beautiful and I'm happy with this purchase
Fantastic Brilliant, beautiful. Well done
Perty I like the colors and details
Xperia Z5 Best icon pack
Fabulous Work. When it comes to developing and creating icon theme packs this is the standard. Excellent attention to detail and routine updates, can't ask for more.
I'd spend triple Don't even think about it just buy this pack. By far the best and most comprehensive icon pack I have and I have most
Very nice Please add lloyds bank
Excellent icon pack deffo one of the best
Great development Thank you for your awesome theme.... And you price is affordable to buy.once again thank you...please don't stop your development keep application cost like this don't increase ......
Awesome Really liked The icons are superbly made. Am really happy
Sip lah bro 
Worth a dollar. Great icon pack if you enjoy lollipop or marshmallow themes.  Very well done
Simply the best The most complete, creative, and original icon pack on the market.
The best i just love this icon pack..i hope for more updates and more icons weekly
Great icon pack 
Great design work I'm really enjoying this look. It keeps getting better too. Thanks to dev and designer.
Marvelous It's the best icon pack I ever seen
