Awesome fun, strategy game Great game Very nicely finished with great audio and graphics. Turn based strategy that gets ever more complex and ever more fun I can't play Portal on my phone, this is the next best thing. More levels please
Surprise how good it is This is a great puzzle game that you can play in short burst. Not to hard to progress but doing all the challenges can be a real head scratcher. Also is an android game you can just buy and you don't get harassed adverts and micro transactions. Wish more games just did that.
Addictive and quite challenging Sure it's not a pure Hitman game, it's more like checkers or something, but so what. Most of the time, like Hitman games, you have to keep trying the same level over and over to get it perfect, and I like that.
Great Strategy Game Sure its not a free roam game like the actual Hitman games, but this uses a turnbased style that is exceptional for mobile devices. Challenges can be difficult, but not too difficult that a player would get angry at their device. Thank you SqEnix
A Small Jewel Of course, there's the leveraging of the Hitman trademark to sell a puzzle game. But that might be the only thing wrong with this  in all else it exceeds. It's a simple, but very smart puzzle. The play mechanics are as simple as it can get, but this does not stops it from being challenging. And even that is balanced levels are difficult, but only up to some point. You can trial and error a few times and learn how to overcome most obstacles.
Wow, this is a great game. I'm not a huge mobile gamer, but I've always thought this looked pretty cool, so I picked it up when I saw it on sale....three hours later, I'm still playing this dang game.  It looks great  is a real challenge.  Fans of puzzle games should check this out  well worth the price, even when not on sale.
Great game Amazing strategy game, ignore those players that complain about it not being a Hitman game...it is true to the franchise in its own way, and honestly, just as much fun as the main series titles. Quality game, totally worth checking out.
Really makes me think a little harder Not any freezing or glitches, I'm using my htc desire 816 the picture is great. Gets better each level I promised..
Great Strategy Game At first I was discouraged about buying it because of some review that compared it to chess but luckily this game is far more entertaining. Great choice
Best time waster ever made Awesome take on the classic game. Finished all levels and then ended up replaying to finish all achievements. Hope there's more levels coming. Only regret is I purchased it before the sale. Wait for the discounted price
Best game ever As a big hitman fan, this is one of the best hitmans ever It bring puzzles strategy in a fun entertaining way Loved it
Turn based Hitman, the best Hitman They took the Hitman themes and settings and created an addictive turn based game, with a neat, boardgame art style. I have mildly enjoyed the traditional Hitman games, tend to hit a point where I get stuck, but I love this game and hope they make a follow up Hitman Go games or maybe use this format for additional licenses.
Fantastic puzzler A unique approach to the classic puzzle strategy game. The hitman theme makes it twice as awesome, and knowing the franchise helps to understand the mechanics better. All in all, a flawless, beautiful game.
Perfect Super puzzle game. Ofc its not like the original series but still, perfect mind game. Even when you think that next lvl will be easy because you know the scheme youre wrong. Make perfect every lvl is challenge.
Best game ever Who ever made this game is amazing. Zero glitches, very funaddicting, and has lots of levels to complete. The best strategy game out there. GET IT
My brain hurts in a wonderful way... It's truly a love  hate relationship, but what great game isn't Definitely worth the .99 I paid for it.
A puzzle with a fabulous skin The progression of added opposition pieces is well executed and adds nicely to keep the puzzles from getting repetitive.
Cheap, fun game to play I loved this game, I spent a few weeks solving all the levels, and I have to admit some were really difficult, but most of them required a few minutes to find a solution. Excellent game for kids or just anybody looking to kill some time solving puzzles.
Hitman Global Offensive This game is enjoyable and satisfying to play. It is a game that begs for some sort of multiplayer, either through level creation or live online matches such as performing hits on each other while both are avoiding guards, just a suggestion for such a mode. I also enjoy how the micro  transactions can be almost entirely ignored, especially since this game is already five bucks upfront. If there is a physical, board game of this game, I would buy it.
I would love to see a full PC game like this. I love the feel, graphics and sound is also very immersive. I would love to see a full PC game like this, maybe a little more animation in the character then but would definitely love to play a full PC game. SQUARE ENIX  you could have a great game series here.  Mobile and PC  Well worth the price even if not on sale.
Hitman lives Like agent 47, this game will sneak up on you, put you in a choke hold, and not let go.
Classy, sleek, and intriguing... Original game mechanics true to its roots and a minimalist visual style make this game worth every penny.
How a mobile game should be... They took an existing franchise and rather than try to cram it into mobile they came up with a completely different and original game that still feels like a Hitman game.  One of the best games around.
Different, good different So far, so good. It is an interesting game if you try to accomplish all the challenges.
Beautiful adaptation of a classic I love that the devs implemented a whole new aesthetic reminiscent of a board game. It works wonderfully on a mobile device. By resisting the temptation to clone the PC game and stripping the gameplay down to its core, they have elevated the game. Kudos
Excellent design across the board Clever and elegant translation of the franchise to this platform. Visual and gameplay design is fittingly sharp for a formally slick series, and the boardgame aesthetic particularly clever.
