Galaxy Tab A Love this game.
Great game
3 years still best game Love it...... Totally sprung good thing i run out of tokens cuz i woyldnt quit playing
Great time killing game Great game.  I have always loved this and it is addictive.
Great game Solo addictive. Would give five stars if the options was given to be able to play solo, e.g. Time limit with number of words needed to get to next level... Saying that, this is still THE best game
Great word game This game rocks. Actual game play is smooth and stellar. Tournament play has improved and is consistent.  Love this  game
Best Word Game Ever Brain exercise, fast, challenging, fun.  Messaging to opponents allowed.  I've sent and received friendly chats not only from people in the USA,  but from foreign countries, also.  It's all totally addicting  
Still My Favorite Game Can't get enough of this game I've been playing some of the same people for over 3 years 
Like the speed and capabilities Like the speed and capabilities of the latest release. No major complaints.
Big ed Great fun,challenging
My favorite game This is my favorite game. I really like playing the daily challenges and they give you rewards for playing them.  I especially like it when the challenge has a theme and you get extra points for finding words related to the theme. I can't get enough of playing this game
Addictive Great game.  Challenging and competitive
I genuinely love this game. Ive been playing it for years now.
Good game for the brain download it now
Janis D Love this game
Nice challenge Love it.  Gives my mind a good workout.
One of my Faves Word Streak and Bejeweled Blitz are my favorites. Enjoy Daily Challenge, Tournaments, and games with worthy opponents. The weekly and alltime score boards are also a nice feature.
Great app but update has spoiled it slightly
Challenge Great Brainpower builder
Love this game
Great to play with friends The random matches are good,  too.
Great game. But too much junk poping up.
Love this game Great game. Highly addictive.
3 recent updates first added Halloween icon no problem 2nd early yesterday rendered app inoperable, but a quick release of 3rd update  last night made app work again..HTC phone
Working great
Improvements are great.
Love It
Fun
Greet fun This can be addictive
