Amazing game But a bit short. Completed in about 3 hours. I will try to get all combos, though. Also it makes my tablet overheat andmakes the battery go down a bit faster. Overall, amazing game.
First Class Silly Fun Love this a daft fun game that sneaks in a great plot.
Best game Really simple and enjoyable game, I love easy games where you can complete it without struggling. Completed this in 3 hours but playing it again, I've never gotten bored of this game. I especially love the end as I can see the amazing graphics. Don't worry I won't spoil it. For me, it was quite emotional lol. BEST GAME EVER Defo worth the money. Also, I found the combos a bit hard but luckily there's YouTube to save my day defonotcheating P there should also be a part 2
One of a kind You don't get this kind of game anywhere.. beautiful, charming, unique, and emotional in a mysterious way, and the ending was so beautiful i almost cried.... i don't usually give 5 stars to any game but this one deserve it. Worth every bits of cash and more, i highly recommend this game.
Good but laggy The game is great but if it was not to laggy at the part you exit I should enjoy it more plz try to fix the lag
Little inferno review I love this game I downloaded it after watching a few youtubers play it and I'm now playing through it for the 4th time.
GREAT Although should get an update with new items, maybe even a new catalog. I got no bugs on the galaxy s5.
little great inferno When I'm complete the game and see Thank you for playing I'm also thank to Developer for making this game too
Mind. Blown. On the surface, Little Inferno is just a fireplace in which you burn things, but it's much deeper than that. Whether you like or dislike this game, just keep in mind that it doesn't matter. Stay warm It's cold out there... Nexus 6p
So cute I watched jacksepticeye play the game and I waited for ages thinking it would never come out Then I found it The games aim Simple Take your toys and set them alight, read letters from Sugar plumps, Miss Nancy and the weather man To earn more money You gain it from your burnt toys, squash spiders and burn your read letters Simple fun for everyone But beware Don't play with fire Be warned... The end will give you the feels.
Straight Fire A little short but fantastic in every other way. 100 is easily attainable within three hours, but a dollar per hour isn't that bad when you think about it. Read up on the history of this game, its interesting how it came into existence. It has something to say about video gaming and model n culture in general if you pay attention to the story and READ EVERYTHING Gameplay is simple bit this is a great experience for anyone looking h for something a little different.
Great game the end was touching You guys d I'd great some little kid might not see what a good game this is at the end and all the way through  
Amazing game One of the most mesmerising experiences. Do yourself a favour and buy it now.
I loved it  Very awesome I played this on the computer a couple years ago and now I can enjoy the same Little inferno experience where ever I go but at first when you start it a couple of times it crashes it only does this a short amount of time
Absolutely ... Positively ... one of the best games I have ever played. It's simple enough but challenging at times. The story has a deeper meaning to it too, imo. And I love that about Little Inferno.
BEST GAME EVER I play 20 hours in one day when i first got it
Best Game in the world This has the best ending ever. Even great music. Love it
