Love it Pop ups have disappeared during play  I love the free monthly package for a new puzzle a day. I love how you can do just edges. I love how the pieces are kept in the bar and not scattered all over the place like other puzzle apps
all, so far I tried different piece levels but enjoyed 140 pieces the most... no timers, just relaxation.... I prefer quiet and did not use music provided.
Great puzzles I have always enjoyed doing jigsaw puzzles but I thought doing them on my tablet was not going to be enjoyable, boy was I wrong.
Love this game I deleted this app after I started getting nonstop ads, which interfered with playing, and you took away the 140 piece puzzles. I tried other puzzle apps but none could compare to this one. I read your reply about fixing the app so I decided to give it another shot. Love it Thank you for fixing. Now if only I could get my Aug and Sept free puzzles again.
Rad Game I Don't Usually Actually Write Out Reviews For Apps, But This One Is So Great I Have To. I Stumbled Upon This Game While Playing Another One, And I'm Glad I Decided To Try It Out, It's Great The Pictures Are Beautiful, The Puzzles Themselves Aren't Too Difficult, And The Option To Make Puzzles Out Of One's Own Pictures Is Brilliant I Love It 1010 Would Definitely Recommend
Fun and Free Puzzles are fun and relaxing. There are packages you can purchase if you choose too however they have great puzzles at no cost as well. So far there are no glitches or problems at all with the app seems that any previous problems people mentioned are now resolved. Download a few puzzles and enjoy
As before, absolutely love this game.    Pieces rotate without fault. Love that the pieces are on the side rather than all over the place. The variety of puzzle pictures are aesthetically pleasing and challenging. The music playing in the background makes it all that more relaxing and enjoyable. This is the best jigsaw puzzle app of them all. Thanks.  
Absolutely amazing and beautiful love it 10 stars Just fun and perfect in every way even the music is calming and puzzles are beautifully picked job well done again 10 stars Love this thank yall so much...just wow cant say enough good things about this. My favorite app on my phone now.
Love it It is you can take a picture and make it a puzzle and it just so many features and I love it love it love it love it love it love it love it so much
