Love this Game... I love this game. The game has been built in a good way. You can play the game  very efficiently without any hassle. It has different stages, can collect point easily and has many options to choose your best driving vehicle. It's completely a stress free game for your loneliness.
Awessome Addictive game. Just love to play it, would be even better if it had body kits, spoilers and more wheels for cars. Overall game is perfect no changes needed. D at least some spoilers, they'd be good addition for a new update, can add the rest later  .
it is very good but i have a suggestion how about implementing more customization such as hoods,spoilers,exhaust,tire size,window tint etc.. and putting more japanese cars such as trueno lol mazda cars and more and also how about making it turn sideways like by swiping or hardturning and lastly how about implementing racing mode huh with single or multiplayer this game has a lot of potential to be the best car game in android thats all good job
I  this game This game is way more fun then I ever expected On my device it works perfectly. All you got to do it watch out  not crash  you'll be fine Enjoy
ITS EPIC I LOVE DIS GAME SO MUCH Soooooooooooooo gooooood u need it u have to play DIS GAME u haven't lived till u play it
Simply the best This game may have a few Bugs But that does not matter this is an amazing game it's fun and it's endless according to me it's highly recommended for any gamers even the 'pros'
AWESOME THIS GAME IS WORTH OF PLAYING SPECIAL WHEN YOU LOVE YOUR CAR IN TERMS OF ROAD WAYS ALSO ITS MORE FUN BECAUSE.. IT MAKES MY STRESS LESSER.. THANKS FOR THIS
Add new plz Add new cars, neon light, spoilers, bumper,side skirt, add pedestrian lane add motorcycle, add reckless driver that want to race with you at road.. add people crossing in the road so that its more interesting..... add new places... add nitro and so on... add sideways by using handbrake so u can drift at the curve street  dont considered u can turn by using swipe its getting bored.. have a clutch so that u can maintain the speed of the car..
A Perfect endless racing game.  Although there are many clones of this game. But none can beat the original one.   My most favorite endless racing game ever. Like the new challenges in updates. Great Job SK Games
I love this game Thanks so much for making this but here is a idea,put a multiplayer challenges like racing thanks so much
Brilliantly done Love it , the graphics and gameplay are awesome.....would definitely recommend this game to my friends and family members
Great game As it stands the game is awesome... But if possible try adding few curve roads, certain distractions, uphill, down hill... Etc so as to make it more challenging and interesting. Overall great job.
Fun game I play this when I'm out and I get bored it's good to pass the time. The game has gotten a whole lot better than it use to be.
It will be better if. The was less money cars am 8
Nice I really enjoy this game. But turn off ur mobile data or wifi cuz the adds are annoying and if ur young there was one for the news. Other wise I love it
If you haven't played IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED THIS GAME BEFORE YOU HAVE NO SOUL OR LIFE 5 STARS
Could do better Very fun. Needs challenges and more obstacles like hills and such, maybe some turns. Even better make some cops chase us
TRAFFIC RACER Love the new volkswagon bug But I just found out about the truck, and I NEED it should have it by christmas. Also, you have the best graphics ever
It's fun It's kind of like a temple run but with cars. Beautiful graphics and I love that you get to customise the type of car and the colour. Also love that you can upgrade the cars traits. The fact that all of the levels aren't instantly unlocked is a bonus. I love games where you have to work to get extra stuff. All in all a great game.
You DONT need body parts One, get a console game like Gran Turismo 6 or Forza. Two, adding useless stuff most game engines cant properly simulate aerodynamics correctly when the engine is based for mobile devices not only increases the size of the game when stored, but may increase lag. Not to mention having to adjust hitbox detection with the player and traffic. Other than that.. Game is great as always sinc I last played a year or two ago.
Great Good but the front sight should be more visible so that we may play 2 way road.
this is just addictive  please try this game becouse its so fun and addictive for its to be so easy and epic game at the same time 
Great The only thing wrong with it is it does not have blinkers but all the other cars,trucks,vans and lorries have them
