OMG,Ginger is so cute This game is awesome It teaches me how long I need to brush my teeth,and he is adorable 
I didn't want uninstall my little Talking Ginger... because he so cute and I like Talking Ginger I like Talking Ginger.... I always find him and say hello to Talking Ginger... ha He repeat my voice... so funny I always do that And everyone don't hate him and don't say anything like that with Talking Ginger... I love Talking Ginger Mind one Talking Ginger is so cute ever I love Talking Ginger
Daaawwwww Your games are so adorable. If you don't install ANY of Outfit7's games, your life can't and won't be complete. Tell your friends too You'll be completing their life, too.
its cool aww soo cute ginger my lill bro love this app
 Loved it Ginger is so cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute. That's all I have to say
Love I love the tooth brush timer and his voice is so cute and he is love the app but thats only my opinion
Good but Why don't they have Talking Hank like in the videos
Love it lt3 I definitely love this game I have it on MY two kindle fire's my phone and I play it all the time I WANT TO PLAY IT EVEN ON MY COMPUTER, I gove this game 5 stars I lt3 I lt3 I lt3. Btw I am 10yrs old
Love it A good game so everyone should give it five stars and if you don't so I'll go mad so rate it and give it five stars.       thank you
Ginger So fun to make more videos I have 13 subs
I love my talking Greg1 Happy birthday party greg
Lovely Not very good but very much good
Oi black ops 3 on ps4 it's HD I got hacks if u want some give me your I'd I'll give u mod menu
So adorable it So fun so cute love it xD I can't stop thinking about it
Lol stupid whoever votes this app one star I like it a lot
My talking ginger This game is for boys only not for girls thank you for making this game for boys
Love This is one of best aap I ever download awesome work 
Because it downloaded and it shows me how long to brush my theeth tonight and i am 9 years old
Awsome I love it its amazing
Nice  game it's   funny Danielle  Simone  reid
It's only I can say Perfect
My talking ginger It is the funniest game I ever played
Cute Cool
Make more games Make more talking tom,anglea,ben, and ginger games
Talking Ginger It is very good game
