lt3 super awesome lt3 K i n t a lt3 totally worth the wait
It's a fun demo
Don't know why almost everyone is complaining, but I loved it. But really You have to pay to play Isn't the shop good enough If not, put some ads in the game
Very well done, well designed I really like the concept of simple combat RPG meets Pipe Dream, and the difficulty is challenging but not frustrating.  Really digging this one and I hope to see more from your team
Different yet familiar Just what i was looking for, I miss the days when games were this simple This is a great game to relax to You can play on 'easy' for a slowpaced, nostalgic session or harder for a more challenging game. I like that you can change the difficulty to suit.  It's a gem, thank you   ps  a few reviewers have complained about having to pay, but it is not a big amount at all please consider how much time and money goes into making these games.
Worth the money, by far It's a bit addicting once you get the hang of the gameplay. I personally quite enjoy the graphics and the strategy you have to use to make it through with completed quests. Getting to pick a class at the beginning added a nice touch as well.
Awesome game Game is really really addictive, yes after a certain level you have to pay and it's WRITTEN in the description so before you come and rate it 2 stars because you have to pay, open your eyes and read the description. The money is worth.
Pipedream meets Drancia This is probably one of the strangest combinations of genres I have ever seen, but it makes for a game that's an absolute blast.  I have one suggestion, which is a dedicated stopstart button or control.  My phone has a small screen and I occasionally miss when I try to.tap Wilma to make her stop.
I actually really like it. I don't have any complaints as such, but I would love if you could add an options for the character to walk slightly faster. I don't want any auto thing going on, but it could use a little speed boost  especially if you derp and make the character go backwards again.  Other than that. Charming game. Going to unlock the full game once I get to the boss. 
Nice Nice game, very good time killer
