Buy the full. Every great once and again you get an ad. But it's better than the free one. I like the challenges. Thanks
Addictive A great little app and much cheaper than buying books.  Needs more longer words in its dictionary.
Codeword Unlimited. Very good game.
Always Brilliant...Unlike 'Scrabble' that is an example on how not to treat people...wrong, nonexistant words, 30 second adverts, repeated during a game, etc. Mattel should throw these people out. It does nothing but harm their reputation
A bit odd I like the fact that it uses some rare or obsolete words , at the higher levels, it keeps the game interesting. I don't like the use of word that are simply foreign. Occasionally it can't find definitions of its own words in its own dictionary.
Love this  app It's a great  game and fun to play and help with spelling so kids could play this and  learn  without realising it,  would recommend this game to everyone
Love it So glad I moved on to the paid for version. Great game
Codeword Unlimited  Hours of endless amusement with variety of playing levels and custom options too
Gets the old grey matter working overtime. Some words are a bit obscure perhaps I just need to brush up on my spelling.
Love this app Like playing this app even though some of the words used i don't recognise it keeps you enthralled
Gd gme Very impressed with this word puzzle.  It's easy to use and the difficulty levels are well thought out.  Occasionally, some words with American spellings creep in,  but they are all grist to the mill.
Mind exercise Challenging fun
Great app Love this app And it gets better with each upgrade Keeps my brain working
Excellent, the best game of it's genre.
Awesome Game
This game is awesome. You can learn more spelling and vocabulary words
Great fun Well produced and great fun to play.
Great
Very good
It's ACE Great for 5 minutes or an hour, keeps your brain in gear.
Very good... very addictive ... not too easy not too hard.
Love it My favourite puzzle in a fabulous app Keeping my brain eternally youthful
A brilliant way to lose some time.
Brilliant game... very addictive. 
Excelent
Enjoyable
Great If you love codewords you'll love this app. Love it.
Samsung Galaxy 5 Keeps the little grey cells working
Great app recommended
Fun little game Definitely worth the price bc some of the ads blink on and off. And this is a great game. A nice challenge.
Love it Only started playing code words recently. But this is one of the best I have used.
