Epic This game is so awesome I can't describe it that's who awesome this game is and this new update is soooo epic Thx 4 adding a jump button Also can u make it look like ur character is reloading ur gun cuz that would been soo cool Overall 5 stars hands down D X INFINITY But I can't play multiplayer and I really want to and I have a strong wifi signal
I have Ideas Plz Read I would love that u guys make a game like this but instead of Goblocks use zombies. If u ever do a game like that  then I will spend as much money needed to get that game. Thank You.
have a question... Can u make it so that the heros in block fortress war can be used and all there weapons are different also here's another thing, Make a campaign where u have to fight the other Races I'm the game.
Omg So good...but.. Great game love the graphics and gameplay but just crashes randomly  So annoying. I started a quick start game, finished my base, pressed the begin attack button in top left corner and it crashed. Same problem in survival, only more random. PLEASE FIX
This Game Is AWESOME Why is this game not extremely popular Its AWESOME. The enimes walking on mine craft like terrain is a cool idea.I have one question. In multi player on global, do u wait for more players or does it have to be Google play friends
AMAZINGLY ADDICTIVE Every time an update comes out it just gives you more toys to play with. Can't stop playing 5 star. But it does lag on multiplayer Well that is expects.
Awsome I really love this game REALLY IVE HEEN SEARCHING THIS GAME OF MY LIFE THANK YOU FOR THOSE DEVELOPERS
Awesome game but I have an idea..... I think that you guys you have an update were which terrain you pick you have different outfits like in the frozen tundra you should have a coat on. Or something like that
The Badass version of minecraft. love this game super fun,just need more content like customizing ur character more like suits or helmets not just the headband please make this happen cause im not the only one requesting this.thats all
This game 420 blazed it 300300 Best game ever I would rate 300 if I could or I would rate 900trillion please add more details soon
Absolutely Fabulous This game really is Minecraft meets tower defense. Would pay bundles to see a more robost , multiplayer, ps4 version.
Update was amazing but I noticed that whenever I use the Multi missile launcher it loses ammo on whatever it locked on, also Im not saying its a great idea but I would pay an extra dollar or two if the Gun drone could get an infinite ammo mod. Just saying you know 
Great game Ive been playing this for years and I still cant stop playing,  Good Job 
 so good SO GOOD THXS FOR ADDING restore purchesis thxs so much
Needs controller support It'd be nice if I could use my pdp controller to play the game.
Truly one of the best. I have a small error though, when I try to use either of the multiplayer modes it says no players online
After update It works perfectly now but can't seem to use multiplayer
Game Love it it's awesome but it would be cool to be able to customize your characters physical appearance not just the head band color
I loved this game The greatist defense game...better  than BTD 5
Needs more robots. Here's what I have in mind the mecha suit is were you put yourself into it and it has a Gatling gun and the fist would be as powerful as the power hammer. Could you please put it on.
