First intro to Escape games Some levels were frustrating because of their difficulty, but for the most part the game was incredibly enjoyable, a fun challenge. I was waiting for something scary to pop out the whole time.. great game, I will be downloading more
Have it without any 2nd thought .. Game is incredible loved the puzzles ws so addicted played for 2 days and finished it  looking for more similar games ..
Fantastically puzzled levels Awesome game with lots of exiting levels  clues to busy your mind  to get addicted to it...  Each level is as interestingly decorated as previous one..  Loved this game just want more levels to go on playing.....
Fun and just challenging enough It was great There are plenty of free walkthroughs but if you really try, you might just not need them Don't be lazy Think harder and don't go the easy way out
Addictive and fun Yes, some of the puzzles are hard to figure out, but if they were too easy, the game wouldn't be any fun. Would like more levels, please.
Couldn't put it down I really loved the game. I couldn't put it down. And when it got hard you did have to watch the commercials, however they were at most 26 seconds long. That is not much to ask when you are looking for a little help in the game. The puzzles were fun and challenging at the same time. Can't wait to play another game
This is just awesome Makes you scratch your head a lot Walkthroughs are given which makes it a bit easier to move on when you're stuck somewhere. I just loved this and I'll be downloading all the other versions as well
Good one  It's a very nice and challenging game which requires you to be very very detail try out every single posibilities. The best moment is just when we suddenly unlocked something confusing 
Best yet. By far the best break out game I've stumbled across yet. Really like how you can cheat if you get really stuck
Enjoy and challenging This kind of app was so challenging for me...because every puzzles that you've face the more challengings will come...it is also adventurous...
Uff...Amazing Really amazing guys..i think, your mind will help you sleepless..hehe..
Amazing break out Not so hard not too easy. It's very good. And I like the music. But there is one problem. Why the amazing breakout  can't be downloaded in Iran
Mind blasting game Would love to play some more levels.. get it updated soon.. waiting.........
Mindblowing game Maximum games on playstore are a waste of time...but this one is awesome. I am very impressed.
Cool Game It made me think a lot. Took me too many days to beat it. Great game.
Great with the help... This game is really cool and great...whenerever you get stuck, there will always a video to show u how to get to the nexk level...I use the help for some of the levels...quite tough and challenging game..great mind game...
AMAZING I LOVED this game it was challenging but it made my mind actually think . But one thing that I didnt like was that when you stopped to look up walkthroughs it makes you start all over again also the walkyhroughs that were provided wouldnt work ... besides that this game was GREAT 
Challenging and fun It's a good game. I ve just started playing and it seems good and puzzelly.  when you need help it's awesome that there is a walk through .
