The best smart phone game ever The retro gaming of Radiant is sudden. The gameplay is spot on and the game provides quite a few hos of fun. Each time I buy a new phone it gives me an excuse to play through this great game. Please, please, please release a Radiant 2.
Awesome Classic Reinvented This game is like Space Invaders but better. It is so fun i already beat it twice and still playing.
An excellent app with 80's flare Casual is easy yet challenging enough for the everyday gamer who wishes to kill time. The graphics are simple in the 80's awesome kind of way, and there's actually a storyline which is engaging enough to make you want to keep going to see what happens. Just for the fun of it. The only downside is that the sound effects and music get repetitive after awhile. And I wish there were more enemy types.
Great  game Even on casual difficulty, this game is very difficult. It combines the classic space invaders gameplay with more modern bullet hellsh'mup gameplay. It is also more simple, so it's easier to play on a phone no vertical movement, auto fire. The game is short with only three chapters, but there is still a lot of fun to be had. There are six weapons which can be upgraded , but some are better than others . Bio blaster sucks. It's a great game for the price and I recommend picking it up.
Great game I really hate all mobile games and do not even consider them games..with that said this is an AMAZING GAME.
So sweet Best GAME EVER you could of not gjven any beter work on this wonderful game   P.s. people reading this masage fully upgrage the smart gun and I never stops it justs shoots forever and it swerves and turns its great
Nostalgia This app is awesome Its a great app for anyone who enjoys retro video games like myself. The graphics are very clean and the gameplay is really smooth. The dialogue in this app is hilarious as well All though i do hope there will be more levels soon but it is a great app. This app is basically like Galaga and Space Invaders had a baby, and that baby was very beautiful.
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge So addicting... and having this phone makes the graphics like if I was Max Blaster. Have been wanting this game since it came out... and I finally got it about a week ago.
Love it This is one of my favorite apps. It is extremely fun. The storyline and the Gameplay is very good. Totaly worth the money You should buy this game right now
A favorite I really love the art the story and the level up with different weapons. Good game
This is amazing. I wasn't sure about the permanent autofire, but they made it work.
This game... It had a better storyline than most modern games.
Beautiful game Good shooting mechanics and simple but engaging Battlestar Galacticaesque story. Great time waster
One of the best modern Arcade games Great experience, no micro transactions, and great sheild support makes this game worth every penny
gosh this is nice its really nice to download except one ot downloads really slow . keep up a good job
Fun for both my 5 year old and me.
Fun space shooter. Great gameplay, fun graphics.
Awesome game Always on DRM appears to be long gone. Played this for the first time in a long while. Love it
Galaxian,space invaders,gorf,and a bunch of Atari classics thrown into one game...love it...awesome job
Awesome Game One of the best on android
Retro gaming done right BGMSFX, graphics, and control are great A nice blend of today's hardware with retro game mechanics
Great game I like this game it's fun.
Note 8  HTC M9 Omg why havent I bought this before the defense game is awesome but this is keeps you on edge. Great game second I game I buy from them graphics are great
Radiant is my most played android game. Music, sound, such a vivid picture  this game is the best I've ever played on android. Oh and only humour here is worth 5 stars.
Radiant By far the best music  game
I don't get it How can it hre l have Only 50k downloads. ..
Very addicting  This game is awesome. Trust me its really good. 
