A few changes By far my favorite game to date however a few things annoy me. When I use the plugport to connect to ships I have placed into orbit I want to be able to control there items as well as my own not just fuel transfers. Also it would be nice to allow us, once in orbit and connected to the other ships, to click on each engine to toggle control on and off. I built a massive space station out of rockets but all I can do is move fuel around. Other then that I love the game.
Excellent. Great fun and educational. Worth every penny. The tutorialschallenges are well designed to teach the basics. After that the sky's the limit
Absolutely great Love the newest update. Check out the reddit for SimpleRockets, tons of great stuff over there. I like the new update, adds water and electrical power for ion engines. Overall, one of my favorite Android games. Highly recommended to anyone
It's like KSP for mobile There was a suggestion here but the dev added it. Thanks The new version is more fun than ever
Awesome game, but can there be a way in sandbox mode for someone to build a space station and place it in space instead of having to build one out of rockets
It's awesome with mods Try simplerockets with March equinox's realism overhaul to everyone. It makes the solar system to scale with real life, and adds a bunch of realistic parts that are balanced to the much bigger solar system.
Love the game But can you please add more parts, all seems the same, other than that, favorate game ever 1110
Stellar, addictive and fun Simple Rockets will keep you playing for DAYS not just hours. When purchasing the game I expected it to last me my flight but, I became hooked on this game It's crazy addictive and will always have you coming back to play it some more
Great Game Awesome update with very realistic physics engine. I love the comet and am very glad these things were added.
Update This is an update since the last time I had an Android phone. Since then, I've had an iPhone and was unable to download SimpleRockets on my iPhone. But, recently I got an Android tablet and have since downloaded the game. I have to say I am blown away with the much improved app
Great but.. I would love it if you added people that could walk outside of the command pod
Needs campaign mode and objectives At the moment it's only sandbox mode and it can get pretty boring very soon. Make objectives and points given when its landed to new planets etc. I know it sounds like KSP but it's gonna be fun. Overall, great. Also, add stats about the components like amount of litres in each tanks and thrusttoweight ratio of each engines.
Great game Totally deserve my money but if need more parts if you can
Ggysbysv Fun I I can't put it into words would give ten stars
Fun Game Excellent game with regular updates which improve game play. Works on my Samsung galaxy note 3 and Sony xperia z table.
Amazing game I absolutely love this game, but I've encountered a problem.  The problem is that when I try and download certain rockets from the official community site, it gives me the error Unable to download missing part, fueltank 6 and I would like to ask the community and dev about this.  I would be just fine with a response to this comment whenever you are able.
Great game However add more parts and a way to recharge fuel etc in space
This IS real rocket physics It doesn't get much better than this. You can MOD or go to the community and download mods and the developer even encourages MODDING to expand the concept of the game. Beautiful all around.
Best game I ever got Best game ever I have played ksp for a long time and I loved it.that's why I got simple rocket.
Addictive Great game. Slightly clunky interface, but fun none the less
Simple rockets I love the game but the people who made it should ad cheats
Cant open Its a great game, but when I close it, I cant open it again. I really want to play it. but overall awesome game. 5 stars
Is there a way to Make a new ship without having to destroy one
awesome this game so good but how do you put base's on the moon
Have a stupid pc Want to download kerbal space program buy this
Wonderful sandbox for Android Controls and user interface are fantastic. Stable, well suited for mobile phones. Very fun
