Great but...... This game is a bit to hard and I am only 9 so I need it slow my dad lee he is 34 and he can't do it other ways .
Great game I love this game. It is very challenging and its all about speed. The object of the game is to feed them as fast as possible before they get angry and leave. My suggestion is while others are waiting for fried foods, clear out the others who want the basics.
Cool This is one game that i don't mind giving a good rating too. Three modes, all fun, no ads either. Best cooking game ever. Hooray my new addiction.
Brain workout This game makes your brain really active that after playing few levels of this game. You would end up want to go out for a run.
Great game Good graphics, precise control and great audio, I like story mode best, is there any other versions available with differentmore food items I played many cooking games but this is the best I liked so far...
Is verry cool This games very cool and i very liked 
Amazing game and too addictive The game is very nicely made. All modes are good but the story mode is the best.
Good game Fast,fantastic,fabulous game .loved it
Very fun and hard game I love playing cooking master game but in the beginning it's very easy and as you play for a while it starts to get harder and harder , I think this is a very cool game for anybody that knows how to play it . my neighbors grandchildren love to play cooking master on my phone every time they come to visit their grandmother. They also like to play temple run game
Cooking Master I enjoy playing this game very much and I give it five  You have to be quick hitting the right foods and serving them quickly to those hungry customers. For those who get frustrated with the game, keep trying until you feel comfortable with the keys. Enjoy it  Oh here's a hint when the customer starts to get angry get out of the game then get back to it before you get an X. This will keep you in the game longer.
Awesome I finally finished the story mode mission...it wasn't easy, but it was fun. You need to be quick, by focusing on what needs to be cooked first, then while cooking, serve quickly what doesn't need to be cooked. I found myself to be quicker when sitting in an upright position, don't get lazy and too comfortable, because you would find your movements slowing down from the speed you'll need to win. Have fun And to the creator of the game, thanks for this awesome free game. 
Gave it a go, and fell in love. Its quick, it simple yet organized and complex. It really captures the essence if a seasoned line cook while satisfying your cooking game fix. Well made to be well played
Awesome awesome awesome game No flaws... No changes need Its perfect. If they do anything else to this game it would be so difficult to play Its a tough FUN game Any tougher and i quit P
Love it This is so fun  But i've got stuck in level 84, the customer are easy to get angry,they ask for cooked food and we only have 1 minute . Do you have a strategy to pass it 
Fantastic game Challenging game for all ages, downloaded on several devices so we our family can all play at the same time. Very funny.
Yay Awesome game totally addictive little annoyed that I can't start the game where I left off but uhwel still totally love it
 Its a amazing game.its all about speed  brain work.there are 3 different modes all are super cool.though some levels are difficult its fun to play.I love cooking, those who love cooking must try this addictive game.
Awesome game I really like this game and this game is awesome I often play it And the next good news is, its free Thanks for make thos awesome game 
The perfect game to practice my kitchen prowess This app is perfect. Since I am a woman living in the kitchen, this gam  e hits really close to home. AWESOME
annya google user its a cool game.i have finished all the levels.its a superb game and i love it.a wonderful game ever.
Yummy The foods are mouth watering even I are tempted to order  at least one.Its a Very nice game though at my age of 20 I can say I have fun.
I  like  this  game. ...                       . .......
Awesome The most awesome game ever. Addicted for a whole year plus.
