Grandmaster Plays like a charm on my ZTE ZMAX Had the million 3 times blew it but most times I kick butt
Cool This is a good game I love it five stars.
Fav show should put it on again Yeah I love the way they planned and played it my neace wrote this her name is Ainsley
Awesome I think deal or no deal is awesomely cool I think every one should have it because it's awesome and it doesn't have any bad stuff in it
Game works great Pretty fun win a lot its  very addictive . I give it   Beat my very high scores 4 times now an still way up there.  If you can't play then don't blame the game it takes awhile to build up but when u do u can play a long long time, I've won more than lost easy an very fun game. Don't be sore losers
Deal or no deal I watch this show all the time. I want to be on it. I would love to meet Howie Mandel the banker
Wow I watched the show in th philipines and it was awesome.  Hope this one is too
I LOVE IT I BEAT THE BANKER TWICE Because it's deal or no deal
Awsome I luvv it I've always played it is so good I'd reccomend it to others
Love  it This game is my life every day I play it
Loved it it's my favorite game People don't like it because they loose but I think it's a fun game you should download it. Oh have fun on the game
I LIKE THE SHOW ON TV SO I THINK I WILL LIKE.  THE GAME ALSO.
FUN A very addictive, fun game  Some purchasing of coins involved depending on how many rounds you want to play, but the prices are VERY reasonable.  Also, there is a FREE SPIN everyday where you can potentially win hundreds of coins.  Each game costs a reasonable amount of coins.
Amazing spectacular This was a very good game I really enjoyed it
This game is so much like the tv show i loved it
I think its not about winning and its lots of fun to play even if you dont win every time
Love it One of the best game apps.
Great Really great game No lag, no ads, no whatever Engages me alot 
Deal or no deal I LOVE THE GAME
Yeaaa. Finally won a million bucks. Wish they could give me the money tho
Deal or no deal The game you play with the suite cases
ME LIKE AND LOVE So cool cool
