Suggestion This app is excellent, may Allah reward the developer. The reminder is superb. My only concern is that the simple Quran has no list of surats. If you want to read a surat down you'll have to scroll down from surat Bakara,  there's no shortcut. Otherwise it's excellent.  Asalaamu alaikum
Mashallah Nice App Alhamdulillah This App Is Good For All Muslims.May Allah Reward And Forgive Everyone.AMEEN
guys I searched every where.. ,I searchead this quran alkariim but now I found I am verry happy 
The best app but Please... Please add the reciter Mohammed al Naqeeb and Abdelaziz al Zahrani ..
MaaSha Allah Alhamdulillah, found a perfect fit to what I've been looking for. This is indeed a great app for Muslims. I do recommend this app. Thank you very much to the app. Creator. May Allah grant you and your families more blessings and His forgiveness.
Good Very good I'm pleased with it, smooth audio and a variety of sheiks. 5 stars I'd say
Feysel basha Best app I really love it aseme JZK allah.
PERFECT APP This a Complete App ,Really Live it it have everything I need 
May Allah bless you for this workapp It's amazing and can you please add Abdelaziz al Zahrani and Salman al Otaibi
Ma shaa ALLAAH Asalamu Alaikum brothers and sisters may ALLAAH areward you for the work that you put in this app amin. This app is very beneficial to all Muslims and in shaa ALLAAH you will get all the rewards.
Ma Shaa Allah Alhamdulillah... Loving it and really helped me to recite much
Quran Simply an amazing app which has a lot of extraordinary recitation from genuine scholars of Islam I love it very much ma sha Allah
Near the top This app is amazing mostly beacause it has a lot of reciters and features May allah accept it from you BUT for the recitations you should give us a few fonts,,,  and permit us to change the style of arabic text beacause it's hard to read,,,  and allow us to play to certain verses for the memorization, Jazakallukhair, There are also a few bugs in shuffle and repeat in recitations. May allah have mercy upon you and us and grant us high levels inshallah ameen
 Masha'Allah this app is amazing. All of the recordings and clear, and the app is organizedprofessionally designed. Especially love the wide range of reciters to choose from  Although, it would be better if the translation was written in modern englishwas easier to understand. Nevertheless, may Allah bless all those who have developed this program. 
Al Quran Real significant or primordial   may Allah forgive all Muslim who postern ,obey him and give us his paradise Ameen
Great App Great app however it does crash sometimes. Maybe something that will be fixed in the next update
It is a beautiful application. I really like it so much Thanks again
Loved it Good app crashes a bit but works fine
Amazing all of these reciters recite amazingly but I'm having trouble downloading a surah any know how Beautiful
Quran Great apps for muslim peoples... Should try insha'allah will like it....
Alhamdulillah everything is complete may Almighty Allah reward you for this Alhamulillah.
Great app. It comes of great benefit to my daughter  and myself. May Allah reward your efforts.
the best app for Quraan I love this app. May Allah shower his blessing on you
I love it It is one of the best App for All Quran
Mashalah Good voices and has the holy book as well
Quran I love maher al muaiqlys voice
Loved it People should download this app and listen to the quarn
The best of the best This is the best Quran app I've found thus far hands down Just remove disgusting pop ups and don't try to fix what's not broke Give the people what they want QUALITY
Mashallah I really love this apps..everything just included
It's beautiful Works lovely peaceful
May ALLAH    Protect and give give all muslims JANNAH  
     
