the first one to purchase on your device I have a copy of this app on every device that I own in fact it was the first purchase of an app that I ever made The man keeps it running right across device systems 
Alfredocat Works great  I use it all the time.
THE BEST, KEEP UP THE EXCELLENT WORK well worth the spare change
Excellent Job No need for Google services, Maps or anyworks better than advertised
This app is awesome.
Great weather app App works very good on my S6
Love it
I like it not worth 3 dollars but it's cool
Leader1 Best and clearest map resolution app. Accurate and effective 5 stars. Thanks team
Outstanding So far best app for the weather.
The best. Just opened and purchased all the features of this app. I'm very impressed. LG G4.UPDATE is it 99 or 88 in Lincoln Nebraska I can't tell. One app says one thing and another says something else
Perfect Tells the total weather picture   perfectly.  I especially like the aviation layers. The only thing I would tweak are the temperature layers. Wish the temperatures weren't displayed in bubble format.
1 Their are a lot of free an paid radar apps but this is the best I seen always right on no problems my go to app plus no adds an on my note 4 the screen is so clear the images great and fantastic looking you can't beat this radar app get it now thank you so much
Great Stuff Accurate uptodate feeds. Helps plan motorcycle routes too avoid delays and getting wet.
Outstanding HD Radar app Very happy with this weather radar app. I love the aviation and wind displays. I also have and use the Windows 10 version. The developer is responsive and quick to fix any issues. I highly recommend Myradar.
Terry Neustel I use this on my motorcycle .  allows me to skirt weather and keeps me informed of weather patterns.  This is a very useful program.
Note 4 Best weather radar out there look no further.
Great App Helps save me time, by helping me to track afternoon thunderstorms in Florida. Is pretty accurate as well.
I am new to my radar. Works great and I have no negatives at this point. The real test will be when there is a problem to see how they approach it.
