Very good Simple idea, just the right amount of difficulty to keep you engaged, just found it hard to unsee some words that were there but not part of the answer
Good game It fun at the first few levels but then it just gets to hard and then it's not very fun exept when u play with someone else and because than u get more help
Awesome For Thinkers I love this thinking game. This game covers all levels of difficulties. I can study a table for a week, trying to find one word that meets the standard or I can fly through 3 tables in 5 minutes. Must be a patient person.
A challenge Its easy at first but then it gets a bit challenging. Its still fun though you should get this if you like testy games.
Word academy Pretty easy at first but getting more difficult have to use your brain
Fun Love this game. I really enjoy word games lots of fun. Come play.
Its pretty good. But gets really difficult at times. Wish i could get some clues or something to help sometimes.
Totally unique It's cool that you must think your ass off, while all the words are right there in front of you.. I like thinking games.. Quite cool Love it
Addicting When I cant sleep this helps calm me down. And just relax . love it
Celtic Daughter So far have reached zombie level very quickly, and have have passed every level with ease  still haven't used ANY hints They  must get harder  soon Quite addictive,  interested to see what level I can reach before I have to use a hint
Fun and Challenging I love this game It's cool that I found a game to play with my sons that's fun for all of us.
Love this game but its early i'm sure it gets more challenging
Awesome Good for learning vocabulary and  Helpful for distressing
Awesome Im so pissed when i got stuck..hahaha...but nice game...
Word Academy I love this game. it's addictive as hell. out of all the word games I have, this is by far the most fun though it does get really hard so I will make an attempt, then do that every few days for a couple of weeks until I finally get the words
J Talbert Fun casual game. Need ways to earn more hints, and rearrange letters.
word game I love these,  I'd finished WordBrain.  So I really love this.
This is a great mind game It is incredibly challenging at times.
Addictive Very fun... Only wish is that you got more hints over time.
Nice Keeps you thinking. Good exercise, i am learning a few new words.
