I don't really like the new eat animation and the use button is actually broke for me now so I can't use my bread to heal please fix I can't find Shiva if I can't fly and trexes kill me wen I try to run just tried to get back into the game but thing are broke now, and I see that you put it on steam...love you guys so much I'm getting a steam machine
Love it I love this game I bought it for myself and brother the only thing you guys should add is multiplayer so I can play with my brother and help him with his quest and the same goes for me so please add it in the next update  keep up the good work
A good game I think the sand is glitched because it is not the correct texture .but other than that one my favourite games.in future updates can you add more pets like a mini t rex or snake.
LOVE THIS GAME Omg I don't even complain when  there's a bug because I know they will always fix it in the next few days u guys rock can't  wait for more stuff and multiplayer so my friends and i and the rest of the community can  play together. Keep up the fantastic work BlockStory
It just that good with moga support This is a very good game, I wish it was on other platforms like xbox.  Enjoy and get a game controler it works great.
ok please add mouse and keyboard support for those of us who run android on computer outside that the game is great have it on my tablet
The new eating animation kinda takes awhile not good in middle of battle Ok the new eating animations is cool but since it takes a while to finish, the recovery effect comes when its done meaning you have to keep your distance from enemy's even those that may attack you from behind  so again cool style just need to be a bit patient to survive. Also there are no hints as where is shiva can you add info on that next update
Ok,  but I have a problem My worlds aren't opening with my character block story. Can you fix this
This game.....is amazing I really love the game I have no problems at all. I know its hard work to be adding in the game I appreciate you take the time and add more I had a question if you ever can in a update can you add you can that you can change the color of you're dragons And maybe other pets That would be really cool, or if your able to give your dragon ability's or level them up with dragon hearts That would be amazing I love each update you addlt3
Pets Please add some pets that can use effects when it attacks like burning, paralyzed, or freeze kinds of effects.
Make pets all max lvl in creative or I'm getting a refund and deleting everything by you guys cuz we can't even have every item in creative which sucks really bad and also add a pet raptor that will be ridable like the noncannon version of Jurassic world
Great game but can there be multiplayer mode
Love the game Hurl yourself into the world of block story
Fantastic Game Much better than MCPE or any of the other android block style survival games. And you get to ride a dragon
Page 1 dis 2 fen3 ocra6
Love it Its cool
Awesome but... Needs more stuff
Awesome but Needs more up
I play this all the time 
love it coud add lions and simple animals
YAY Add mutiplayer...
I like it I like it know
Bsp I love creative mode
I LOVED IT
I LOVE ET Dis game is so good I wanna see more additions to this game cus the additions like the eating animation is so good
Finally those red eyes  aren't  haunting me anymore
