Scientist is training For all those who want to become scientists, you will love this app When I first got the app, I was so suprised when I made my first element. My eyes widened with awe and I gaped with amazement. Experimenting is fun and I found all of the elements. Unless you want to restart, you can select the option in the settings. Thank you Toca Boca
AMAZING Personally, I wanna be a scientist when Im older. So this is a great app for me Thankyou so much for creating this amasing app Sory if my english is bad 
Excellent kids game Another excellent creation from Toca Boca My 4 year old son loves it very much. Beautifully designed, educatiinal and fun, this app will introduce the fun of science to your child.
Amazing I think if you love this app you love toca Boca its aimed at kids and easy for them to understand
Awesome This was super fun and cute. Even if your not a kid it's a great mind teaser I just finished and I'm in love Great job. Maybe in a later version we will be able to mix the elements
Cool Amazing I like this. I got through it twice. One thing that needs to be improved is that sometimes the game would force kick me out. Other than that I love it.  
Excellent My four year old loves exploring all the possibilities for unlocking the next element He has so much fun Another hit by a great Dev Team Thank you
My daughter loves it She's four years old and not easily amused. I've had to set a time limit for this game. She loves it.
OMG More Please More I really like the different characters. For the potions, why do we have to make different combinations OK. I get the point. It is fun messing around with it. Just for other games, can you make it free please Hope you read this TOCA BOCA.By the way, I cannot get some characters.
Love it Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love
Happy 3 yr old. My son plays this the most. He is 2 almost 3 and gets a kick out of how the elements change It is so inventive and creative. I just wish the other toca apps were available for androids and not just ipad. My son would love your robot game and the train one Please make them available to us PLEASE PRETTY PLEASE My wallet is open and ready
Totally awesome Please do come up with interesting apps for kids. My 3 yr old loves every sound in the app, very good way introduce elements to kids. Appreciate your efforts.
Its one of a kind its so unique so fun I love it
Cute It makes really cute noises when you invent another creature and plus it teaches you the periodic table xx
excellent game. my daughter loves it My 3 year old daughter loves it. And it gives the basic chemistry concept that things' undergoing processes will turn into other things on the made up phoneticsbased period table of cute monster 'things. To have a 3 year enjoying the game and grasping the basic concepts in chemistry, I think the game serves its purpose and deserves  a 5star.
The Best I'm 24, without children, and even I love this game Lol so fun to experiment, so many different elements. I wish there was more of a Manualinstructions with the app. I agree that the box on the top right shelf remains a mystery... lol I love that they are modeled after the real elements, but I do wish that when you clicked on them they spoke their elemental name. Not baby gobbledygook. Lol
How What are the since tubes for and how do you move on and get a new monster Other wise if this was fixed I love it.
Love it but...... Love it but after a while it won't let you make more monsters
