Are you EVER going to give us new levels All I can do now is go back and keep beating my own high score PLEASE give us new levels
Love puzzles A challenging puzzle game that's a lot of fun I love it and my 4 yo and 10 yo love it also.
Awesome game My kid had this on his Nabi. It was so addicting I bought it on my phone. Buy it You need something to do at work Lol
Great game Very fun and addictive. One of the best games I've played in a while. Love both my sprinkle games..
Awesome for both parent and the little one It's so addictive....it's another Angry Bird status game
Awesome It's fun, and kinda addictive, but it's a good game for passing time. I love it.
So Addicting My son and I love this game. He is only 3 and understands the concept of the game perfectly. We take turns, so he knows to share. It's not too hard for him. Maybe about 3 worlds down it gets harder. Its awesome
Really nice,game..totally worth it... beautiful graphics and stunning liquid physics....couldn't help but buy the full version...Hope the developer continues to create such nice games. Thanks for this game.
Android user I'm always looking for a puzzle game and this one was worth the money.
Sprinkle island Wooooow..... This is a must have  lol.... Every one should download this game I wish I could give 10 stars  but 5 lovely stars please keep up the awesome work guys 
New phone How do i get the whole game again I paid for it so how do i know its redeemed on my new phone. It downloaded and synced on its own but my progress wasnt saved and theres nowhere to hit redeem
Good game. Graphics remind me of a PBS children's show.
Love it. Colorful, high resolution graphics. You pay a few bucks, you get no ads and you get clever gameplay that can be challenging at times, but nothing that can't be solved by a bit of practice.
Bit of time wasting fun Works well on my Nexus 10 and is one of the few games I'll come back to.
Amazing Es in juego inteligente divertido y la interfaz esta bien diseada
Relaxing music with challenging puzzle solving. This game has them all.
Puzzle Fun bought it Sunday and played it for a month or so, on and off
Loads of fun and it feels like you are making a difference to their little world.
Great game Good graphics and has a generally fun gyst about it
Great game both parts. Never got around to buying the 1st part, but got this as soon as it came out. not disappointed. As it is there are very few outright purchase games on Gplay.. this is one of the good ones.
Love it Keeps me and kids occupied while traveling
Super fun game and keeps the brain going
Interesting. Challenging enough to keep you interested
Great physics fun The first Sprinkle game was soso to me but this one seems to capture my attention more and is great fun. It's also nice to see a game that I can buy once and not have to continually throw money at for extra features and levels.
Addicting Love the whole game  Need more levels
Super squirty fun Cool puzzles, nice physics
