Love it You other people are weird this game is so cool if you think its not that's okay because we all have different opinions if we all had the same opinions that would just be stupid I respect everybody's opinion
BFF This is a cool rad game.  Sometimes hard to get the 3 Stars, but well worth the fun. And for some reason or other, it quit at the 80's bash.  Couldn't go ahead with the next phase.  HELP
Awesome.. This game is fab.love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it
Wow love it I really love this game it is amazing. I play it so much that I get 3 stars in every one of them. Cool. 
Awesome yeah love it better I love it I love it a lot the coolest game ever I love all the love games but this one I love the most
Awesome game I love this game I just hate when the ads  come up but other then that this game is awesome
Karolina Cool but not that cool
Loved it This game is so my style I like how they give u hints and if the first time you didn't get the outfit right you get another chance. Also this involves fashion and BFFs
About the game The game is very good but u can only play when u r free as it is a long game15 min minimum
You should totally download this game I love it so much i finished the game and i got 3 stars in every level.keep an eye on the feelings meter to get 3 stars and haters if u don't like the game so don't say bad things to others 
Love love love love it Soooo ....... cool I like it download it share it rate it five stars
Awesome I like this game because it is life cause you know your friends rate you in high school and you have different choices of clothes
love it This game is so fun for when your bored and its distracting from loud noises around u
I love you I love this game. I love the fact we dress the bff and try to get 3 stars.  I also love the second one
Loveeeee it Alotttt Its ma fav game hayetiiii thx for those who made and helped to make dis game loveeeee loveeeee and finally loveeeee eventually Ty
Awesome This game is sooo good.I don't no why people would rate it 1 or 2
Bff high school I like bff fashion because it makes me know how to dress myself oh and I'm his sister
Amazing,mind blowing This game is needed to be salutedthis too good.....coz  I like it.......see as i founded this but I will install on 1 condition that make so many but of less Mb coz installing your games and apps my space is finished just a small request make games but of less Mb plse I will download all apps plseeeeeeALL THE BESTmake new and exciting improved games of lesser Mb........
It's awesome now give me those hints I only did this to get some hints
