Happy Homeschool Mom  Dad We use this app as part of our Unschooling activities.  Our 7yr old DD loves it.  We love it bcz of the variety.  Per her DOB, should be 1st grade level.  As of today having used the app for nearly a yr, on her nook device, amongst other ed activities  she is saying how easy it all is.  Will be updating online prifile to 2nd grade options  Love the app
Love it All there apps are awesomeI will also be purchasing a membership to use all they're tools that are available to my kids they love zac the rat
This app not only helps children. It helps foreigners. English is not my first language, and today I can read and also improved my pronunciation.
Excellent Both my boys love this app and even when they don't have the phone with them they are repeating the things they learned, its awesome.
Starfall Learn to Read Best children's app
Travel Great for in the car no WiFi needed
Tutor Forever Kids read at 2
Great app for a fun way to help with learning to read.
Just great
Great app for kids to learn and have fun 
Amazing My son loves reading with this app.
Excellent
Absolutely amazing
Great app for phonics Wonderful, simple app for kids to learn English vowel sounds and blends. Well organized lessons, no distracting animations or in app purchases. Well worth the purchase price.
Love it Great App for my daughter.  I homeschool her and this app is teaching her to spell words she doesn't know because she can sound it out. Great app for independent learning as well. Very interactive.
Thank you My little one love it. Great learning program
Amazing app My 5 year had open heart surgery and while in the hospital we found this app and he learned how to read the  BOOKSbefore he had all his alphabet sounds and wants to Love this app 
My daughter it..Because she working on it at school everyday
We love this. Very nice app.
My daughter loves it Starfall was recommended by a teacher and it has helped my daughter.
My little brothers love it
Great App
Wonderful
Great program, awsome graphics.
Excellent App As an educator and parent, I love the Starfall site and apps. My oldest daughter knew all her alphabet and letter sounds before 18 months thanks to the ABC app. Now that she is almost 4, this app has become a favorite. There are numerous stories that help a child understand different concepts like digraphs sh, ch, blending and chunking. She loves the app and hopefully her time with it will help her develop her knowledge of letter sounds so she can begin reading on her own.
Happy mum We have been using starfall since my daugher was a baby. I bought her the books and a chuffed there is now an app. Yey starfall
The best Nothing beats starfall. Very well taught phonics, well illustrated. My daughter is glued She sings phonics as she goes to bed, sings phonics as we eat, she has never been more excited about learning until I decided to get this app. I love it. It's worth every penny. Installation problems have more to do with the quality of your internet connection than the app itself.
Excellent APP Worth the Price Worth the money spent A good program for teaching children how to pronounce and how to read.
Must have... My daughter is a kindergartner and improved lot in her reading skills with this app, and love to use always never felt bored.
Love I got this for my son but my daughter has taken over. Very good
At last, starfall on the nexus 10 tablet
Everyone with a kid who needs to learn how to read please by this app its amazing
Love it
