Don't have to pay to be good No such thing as pay to win in this game. Paying just speeds up the process of collecting cards. Everything is farmable with or without using money.
Never get bored again I have been playing hearthstone since the release. The best game to pass time when you are away from your computer. I have it installed on all my 32g and higher devices. If you take a lot of pictures, videos or have a lot of games on your device then you really need at least 32 or higher for the game to work correctly. Good job blizzard, i love this game.
Great game, but pray RNG gods love you. If they don't you're gunna have a  fun time. But spent countless hours on desktop and mobile app. So, they did something right.
Brilliant I've been a long time fan of the game. When it was available on PC only. Now it is even greater. The only problem i have that it is pay to win. I love that it is free to play, but when I go up against someone who bought a ton of cards, there really is no hope. Still awesome though.
Best mobile game around This game is super fun, there's an occasional glitch but as far as playing on the computer it's about the same, connectivity depends on your WiFi signal, unless you're playing offline which you can do on the phone, as far as playing on the 4G LTE the connectivity is strong even in motion, I have a galaxy Samsung S5, and I have no real complaint besides make the expansions less gold
Just get it ples Man if u wanna have a good time just get it, if u have a good phone just get it, the only thing is that it requires a lot of space but thats a gooD thing his only means that blizzard soent alot of times dsesigneing this awesome game just get it pls, if your phone is not good enough i reccomend u to get a new phone wih space and then get this on that phone man gg wp and have fun playing
Works great on most device i have, but still have some  problems on low end devices. Love it, but still kinda buggy. Still like to play on PC.
Best strategy game ever Love it i even rejected a girl to had fun with one night to play this game it means alot 
Just play People who say this is a pay 2play you just need 2 learn what to do haven't dropped a single dollar and most legendarys aren't even that good.
Great fun Cross platform play is the best I've seen on android. The game is easy to pick up and play for 15 minutes then walk away. You will end up spending money though unless you have a lot of time to invest and a lot of patience.
Amazing. This game will take your life for ransom and will make you rage when you see your phones battery is low. A very strategetic game with tons of features. Easy to play but very difficult to master.
Recent problem Recently started using s6 edge plus. Now screen on hearthstone get scrambled and weird. No other apps or games do this. Phone brand new. So what's up
Addictive Feelsgoodman, feelsbadman, feelsgoodman.                                     You can watch the pro's play on Twitch TV as well.
Free get it Pay to win and you want to win right so pay ez life nah in all seriousness u dont have to spend much ... you can win but takes time to build a good healthy collection do your dailies
Great game. Simple at first, making it easy to play for newbies. But as you play more and discover the game's potential you realize how much strategy and tactic is needed to fully experience this game. Only downside is that you have to farm a lot of gold to get expansions which contain the better cards. You CAN pay for them, but its not necessary I never did I'm doing fine. 9.510, make the expansions cost less gold...
