EVERYTHING I'VE EVER DREAMED OF The graphics awesome The controls cool The fact that you can customize them WHAT OWO The fact that you can have babies Oh my god if you love dragons then get this game because it's not a lot of money XD
I like the game but I like the game but it needs some added things.I would like it so your dragon can wear all of the armour at the same time and so can the younger ones.And you should become the king dragon when you kill him.
AWSOME This game is epic. You can do so much in it. I just wished they added a bit more, and made the familys ai a bit better, cause they dont even use there ranged attacks unless u use them on something. Even then they only attack once when u attack.
best game ever this is awesome i love it u get to fly kill eat level up raise a family and a tip kill sheep and bats first with the bottom button on the right once u kill that makes u less hungry. ok its sorta hard to land but u get the hang of it soon enough and yes there should be a land button
This is better This game is better than the free version I am so happy that I bought it I only got a refund on this game because my phone was messing up
I love it I just got my head stuck in the game. And you will too. It is a great game. But the game will not let me buy the white colored flames. But anyway it's a good and great game. And I hope you enjoy the game a lot.
Additions This game is very fun and I beat it, and the people giving bad rates don't quite like the game style. But I was wondering though, could there be more additions to it Like different armor and land underneath the islands. A really neat additional would be a plot. Love the game
Awesome Dragon rpg Possibly the best video game ever of all time. Plays like Drakan without a Dragonrider. Level up, destroy castles fools and monsters and avoid hostile Dragons. You even get a Dragon family and that aids your quest. Hopefully we will see expansions and ways to talk to the other races of Dragons in the game.
Very addictive It is a wonderful game of battles and survival. There is a whole range of things to do and things to unlock you have a variety of different skins to use, different flame colours and strong armour to wear. You also start your own family I would recommend this game to anyone who loves to play as a mystical beast and fight deadly bosses.
mind blown OMFG I ALWAYS LOOOOVED DRAGONS, AND NOW MY LIFE HAS CHANGED FO EVA love the graphics sound effects and details I've downloaded some of your other games, and they are just as amazing. Thank you so much
Awesome game But there's a glitch that makes part of the islands and castles also towers and I can't see the dragon cave cause it disappears other than that its a great game.
Amazing  amazing world of dragons  simulator Best game ever its mush easier with a mother and babies I killed 3 time a water thing 13   heads hydra 2 dragon king. 1oger 6 kingdoms its the best game but   can you add more dragons like a hydra dragon p
This game is awaome but the first time I played it it sucked because I followed a map to mate with a dragon and she was invisible. The only bug is that it wont let you use white fire and the red and yellow flames are flopped.
AMAZING Very entertaining. Great game to play when your bored, really cool upgrades and a good time killer
Brilliant way brilliant You have made an excellent game with great character modeling and details,  you need to do this with the other previous games like wolf tiger and lion simulation.  But again you did brilliant the controls are great and animations are amazing.  Well done Gluten free.
I LOVE GLUTEN FREE Awesome Nothing to add No ads Amazing dragons I love you gluten free
Loved it I loved it but it has the EXACT same mobs as block story.
Love it I love this game I also lolike the way that you can send your family home at any time if they ate following you. The only downside is that there isn't enough islands and your nest is the only safe place to land. Of you could please update that would be amazing.
Best game I love that you get to go around and be a dragon killing bosses but to make it better can you choose your dragon like a ice dragon acid dragon hydra that wouled be cool
