One of my favourite Its up tjere with fifa black ops and one of my favs pvz but need more room for furniture and would be cool if u could hire people. U agree
Lovely Game It's a great game. I think it should be free too, and also please make the game free cause I can't buy u guys' game all the time...
Best game ever you get to make your own pizza but they should make you level up faster also  the cook ing time is to slow and the things in the store shouldn't cost a lot but still the best game ever
This is amazing 1010 best pizza game I have ever played
Better than the flash game Same idea as the original Papa's Pizzeria, but with new reworked mechanics. It's great fun. Totally worth it.
My favorite Love all Paparia's but the Pizza one is best. I can't wait for the Taco one
See if I uninstall this do I get my money back
PAPAS PIZZARIA I LIKE  TURTLES
Yass Ilove this game 5stars hands down they need more papa's games.
It is the best pizza game i'v ever played
WORTH BUYING If your into these games ..You will love it ..like me 
Best game Best game ev but god did it take forever to load but other than rhat best game ev
Good game I love this game 1000000000
This game is awesome, i love it
Fun Good when there is no wifi
Love it Worth the money
So cool Who  thinks this game sucks well who thinks that is dumb
Question Why is the wingeria only available for iPhone Come on be fair I've seen dying for more of these
Great game Organized toppings would be great. All meats peppers veggies together instead of all over the place. Otherwise great fun. I hate the snobs at the end of the shifts Lol.  I mess up their orders on purpose.
99 Honestly, I enjoy this game and ALL variations so much, sometimes I feel guilty, as if I had stolen it or something. I'd easily be willing to pay at least 5x the price So ridiculously worth the 99
Amazing, cheap too Great way to waste time amazing, love your marketing strategy you charge 1 dollar for an amazing game that should cost more and add in app purchases makes it feel just right not too expensive
The Best Papa Louie Phone Game. Papa's Pizzeria To Go is a great app, and it's the best papa louie game for phones. It now has lobby customization and, more importantly, NO FRESHNESS. Awesome job Flipline Studios.
Can you It's a very good game and a very cheap too. But can you make the rest of your games for androids too as I don't have a computer now and I really want to play the games.
Yall need wingeria  I like this game but yall need papas Wingeria up here thats the best one out.....WHERE IS IT 
A good pizza making game These games were ment to be played on a phone not on a computer
Love this game I have wingeria, papas burgeria, the milkshake game and the burgeria...waiting on the others to get on android....please hurry
Love it Fun game i just got it and it is really fun. It is like the version on the computer. I always play it on the computer and they are exactly the same
AWESOME I play it all the time on my computer so i can have it on my tablet now
1 FAN I freaking love this game  All of them... Papa's Burgeria, Freezeria, TacoRia, every single one
Tochi That's actually part of the mechanics. Wait until you get some bronze customers. The better star they have, the faster you jot down their order and serve their pizza.
Makes me hungry It is so much fun It is just like the online version
Addicted Fun time killer   Simple concept, yet challenging time managementlove it
Childhood Game Is Mobile Used to play this game all the time when I was pretty young, and I'm glad I found this. Great mobile version, more than worth the dollar you have to pay to get it.
