Not just for the card fanatic Probably one of the most amazing apps I've ever came across. I collect baseball cards  memorabilia but never have I came across anything like this. When it comes to baseball history, lore, fun facts etc, this is the place to be. I smell leather and shreds of maple as we speak. If you're considering starting hit me up you're welcome to some duplicates to get you started TJOSKI
LILREDWAGON Love the App and friends I have made through it. I loved the changes made in the contests and I even won 1  The one thing I missed from 2014 was the key card chase.  Can't wait for 2016 to see what you do next year
I love this game Thus is by far the best app I have. I have spent so many hours trying to build my collection. The most addicting thing I've ever done. Hit me up at ACE18627
Great Card Game I have played this game since the beginning of 2014 and have loved it ever since. This game is addicting and it really fun to collect cards in this game and try to get the good low count cards. This game brings people together because people I have never talked to before, suddenly became my friend because of this game. I recommend this game to any card collecter and I give it a 5 stars. My username in Bunt for the 1 million cojn giveaway is joedimaggio12
Fun app great community Of all the Topps trading apps Bunt has the best trading communityand it takes me back to being a kid and swapping cards with my friends on the ball team.  I really like the throw back inserts such ad Archives. Trading is pretty fun and the daily and weekly contests keep the app interesting. The downside is I dont have physical cards to hold. It would be cool to run some more contests to earn actual cards. Come trade with me fan name is Aerodragon
Good App, Steadily Improving The folks developing this app have made it a really good app. They are comitted to making better and have done so. It really is lots of fun. Keep it up.
Update Great App, very addicting  New update has an issue with news articles.  When you are on an article and try to scroll up it will want to refresh instead.
Works better I haven't had any problems with it for a while now can use little improvements here and there but nothing major
Topps Bunt Game is enjoyable.  It's fun trying to complete a set.  I wish I understood the rules better.
Good if you're a collector like me and want something different. The app has gotten a lot better as the year has gone on. There are plenty of inserts to chase and is generally pretty fun. Username mattike88
A must for card enthusiasts I've only been a user for about 2 months but I love this app. I love my real card collection but it's a ton of fun busting packs on Bunt. Im always interested in trading so if you're interested, my id is ryanhughes12
Best of the topps apps .easy to use and love collecting sets or my favorite team.  Customer service has improved and has resolved all my issues over the last several months.FAN NAME SPIDERZ443
Best digital TCG I've been on this almost every day since u can remember. The fantasy aspect is what drew me to it. The hunt is what keeps me here.
1 million coins please My username is Ambriz922. I enjoy this app very much it get me thru my boring days
Baseball cards that don't collect dust This app gets better every year Crack open a few packs today ... Texanbrits
Huge card collector and this app satisfies all my needs. Love the daily and weekly contests too. Gradyblu
Great cards great community Despite the nay Sayers this app for s fun and the cards look great. Great ready for a ton of sets to chase. Have fun, go topps
MLB Bunt 2015 Lets me play fantasy ball, without having to be in a league. If there's a day I don't feel like playing, I don't have to. Eightball455
All the fun of trading like a kid This app is fun, easy to use and so much fun. I've even managed to trade for a few cards I owned in my Nolan Ryan Topps collection at the house. I just wish all my friends traded too. Trade User Halvdan
My favorite This is favorite most addictive app. Love it after the recent updates. Fan name Horvath51285
New update The best app ever.... I look forward to this app everyday to get the bonus but also to trade and see what new cards  you release . Thank you topps bunt.. keep up the awesome work with the app and the cards
Fan NameLordmanator I love everything about this app.Trading,playing for points,chatting with people on the articles,etc. There are a few bugs and glitches every now and then but that doesn't take away from the greatness of this app Lordmanator
Best App in the market This app is like candy to any baseball enthusiast. I can't speak of how it may have been last year but I can tell you I am absolutely in love with this year's format and what  it brings to the table for people that have a love for the game. Be advised this app is highly addictive, play at your own risk. Five star, two thumbs up, keep up the great work fellas..
Topps Bunt Great online trading community. Highly addictive during baseball season.
This is awesome again With the new app updates this is the best it has been very fast and loads fast too love this game
Awesome Please update or something. The app is running slower than my grandma. Absolutely love the app though, it's just very aggravating how slow it's running.
