UPDATES ARE SICK DUDE its like everymonth you guys come out with a new feature and the game gets even better, i dont like how you raise the level for each fortitude game mode you make but it motivates me to keep moving on which is awesome. you should also make it easier to get wings not very fair how i have to top up on every character to get wingz my vip should be for all of my characters
Great Game  Entertaining Great game and concept but, need a better chat system,  can't put more than 5 words on a line before you have to do again and the other thing is that it's to censored. Even when your not mad it censors words that shouldn't be censored in the first place.
Fix your game I log on and get kicked out to my home screen after a few minutes. I would love to give the game a fair review, but the glitches are becoming too frequent.   Update 111815  The problems have been fixed through updates  Fun game, and it's one of the rare ones where you can have fun and level up without too many IAPs. Went from 1 to 5 stars.
Great and addicting I've been playing this game for about 3 months now , the characters are great , the graphics are awesome , the moves,pets and everything else that i didn't mention are great too , the best thing in this game is that you can get anything without the need to to up , just be patient enough to farm it on your own , it's the best android game I've ever played so far , i really want to thank snail games for making such an awesome game
Why so many updates Every other time I log on its a new update. Data is not free, four updates a week That's ridiculous, this is the only game that needs to be updated like that. What is the deal Snail.
Love it Cool very very cool I am the best player in this game HEY MONSTERS be scaryd of me
I love this WHO EVER HATES THIS GAME IS DUMB I WILL TROLL THEM UNTIL THEY GIVE THIS GAME FIVE STARS
Screen froze on my toon account My screen is frozen on my gunner toon only phase is the screen that look like the ipad screen version of the game fix immediately please and thank you
Best game going so far However please allow option to delete characters. It takes too much space sometimes
What shall i say.... What shall i say Surely there are better things to do, but this game helps me hit the road home after work.it is a good game....
Thx you Guys fix it ... So happy u guys fix it know I could go in ....Also when I got the new character right away I did thanksgiving spin and I got wing I don't know how it called but it so awsome  Keep up the awesome work .... The new game u guys release it awesome but not my plying style I like this game way more so I erase the game ....
New update is junk The game worked fine, got an update it installed now the game won't even load, says connecting then shuts off. I have a droid maxx Motorola. I play often. Please fix this problem
Very important note The game is very beautiful but I have two observations .oneI want Arabic language please. And the second is we want a personal magician because there are witches but there isn't magician . Please I want the male magician. Thank you
Lost all my work  fixed  I really injoy this game. I played it like everyday and had a lot of time spent on it until 1 day I log in and everything is gone
Amazing Game This is probably one of the best mobile games on android. Great graphics, a good rng system. P.S thanks for fixing the black loading screen thing.
Great game just having an issue I keep getting kicked out the app since the new update is it still under maintenance
