Fun game What you see in the description is what you get in the game. No disappointments. Replayability isn't very high in my opinion, but then I have kept the game for at least a year and I do play it every now and then... Could add a few other things though, like leveling for officers, custom ship color schemes, randomly generated galaxies, or maybe even warp gates to other galaxies. Fleets could be a thing too, but I think that's already in their 4x game.
Great A perfect game for those with a little time or some time to kill. All the characters ideas and things you can do are plenty. There are factions, missions, ships, and a ton more. Elite edition is better in my opinion, but the free one is also good. The only thing I'd want more is more interaction between NPCs. Otherwise a good, strong rpg.
One of a Kind on Android Perfection. The hard work these creators put in is greatly appreciated. Never get bored, must have started 25 games in 25 days and each has been different. Love reading the logs and learning each of my captains stories haha. 122613 Thank you  102314 Still Awesome 4515 Wicked Sick on 112215
Fine Job This is easily some of the best money I have spent in the Play Store. Lots of fun, tons of replay value, and many many value adding updates since my original purchase. The developers are active and responsive. You can tell they really love what their doing and are putting themselves into their product. Really good work
Never gets old, been playing for ages now.  Insanity mode isn't as hard as I expected though I survived for a few days before encountering a xeno . Another Great Game With Great Customer Service by the Trese brothers
Awsome Great replayability very time consuming
So difficult on the hardmodes it's insane I love this game. Can't wait for ST2. Updates fixing the small bugs are frequent. It sends Darksouls a run for their money for a difficult rpg game.
Still playing This game is great. I have no complaints, I purchased this game a year ago and it still keeps me occupied when i'm bored. The game makes you think ahead and if you strategize, you can keep from becoming the most wanted person in the galaxy. Great job Cory. Keep it up .
Awesome I've had this for ages and it never gets old. Thanks for being such awesome devs.
Bought this game back in June 2011 I still play this game constently, when I buy a new device this is ALWAYS the first thing that gets installed THIS and all the other games by this developer...  Great game, AMAZING support, new content added constently. Keep up the AMAZING job
Gamer Great game. Can play for hours at a time
Lots of fun at a turnbased pace It's hard to find good games that are as entertaining when I have time to actively play but can easily be put down and come back to later.
I love it This is a good trader space voyage game. Worth the 2 for the Elite
Amazing game you have made Good game with great replay value
Super addicting lt3
Love it I love the strategy it takes and keeps u on ur toes
Amazing
Great game The game is fun, challenging and when you get use to it and actually read into the contracts and rumors you can find some amazing things. There is one issue of unlocks not passing over to other games for ships you should be able to use at the start of a game. Aside from that everything seems to work.
Can't get enough Add more please Great game. keep the new content coming.
4X Space Fun in the palm of your hand A great game to get lost in if you are a fan of games like X2 The Threat. All the complexity and strategy of those games shrunk down into pocket sized form.
Totally worth the elite version Love this game. Wish some of the unlockables were available on lower difficulties but elite version gives it enough to keep it fun
I'm sinking in a lake, trapped in a car, and I still can't stop playing.
I played the free one for awhile, it got me hooked. I bought the elite one, and I dont regret a thing Id play this endlessly, its fun, challenging, and you can replay it over and over. When you get the hang of the game, it becomes easier, but still pretty challenging. Id recommend this game any day.
A lot of meat on these bones. Expansive, intricate, smoke RPG. Well worth the download. A sandbox experience.
Star traders 2 Any news of star traders 2
Exceptional The developers are clearly committed to giving a quality product.
Old school space trading game that goes with you. This is not a 3D space game. But, Star Traders has depth, and is a great space adventure game. You start out as a ships captain with meager funds, and an inherited ship. You can choose several types of captains from Explorer to Merchant or pirate, bounty hunter with several more choices. Make money running jobs for different factions while building up your wealth and buying better ships. Great RPG space game in your pocket
