Superb The app is almost perfect. Here is one suggestion to make it even better. Put photos and little gif or html5 video clips in your exercises. Language is best learned when it can be associated with visual information. For example, I learned German by watching cartoons on satellite TV. I would be willing to pay for this app or have unobtrusive ads in it if it had visual exercises.
Love it I love this It is slow and repetitive when it comes to each section but its great cause it really makes the words stick and it helps you retain it. I'm learning Italian cause I've always wanted to learn the language, and this app is really helping me succeed my goal
There were times that I can't hear the audio when I use the earphones. Please fix. Otherwise a top notch app
Great review I love the ease of use. I studied Spanish for 2 years in high school and 1 year in college. This has been an excellent review. I am also learning some new words
Number one The best app to learn any language.
Awesome app It helped me learn Italian
Melhorou Melhorou agora ajuda a saber se errei a pronncia
Italiano e molto buono.
Love this app. It's amazing that this is free.
Terrible. Jk, 1010
Great apoi
Very good
Perfect
Fabulous It's the best language learning service I'v ever used. Categorized courses in many languages with review practices and indicator which really surprised me.
I love this app I've always wanted to learn Spanish, but never got around to really applying myself. After recently discovering my love for Shakira I have realized that my next major goal in life is to get a woman exactly like her, which I'm going to have to go to Colombia to find, so I need to learn spanish first. This program has been amazing, I've only used it consistently this past week but I can already ask my potential soul mate if she would like an apple
Great Refresher Used to be fluent in Spanish from school but no longer so downloaded this app works great to get me back to proficiency.
The best app I seen It is very good app but problem is only that it is online if it becomes offline it would be excellent app
Excellent, but with one flaw. Excellent and exceptional. The only problem I have with this app is, that there is no tips and notes section, that you get with the website. If you can include that with this app, then this app is  complete.
Doulingo It helps you learn a holy load of languages and it really helps me understand and practice German French and Gaelic, but the great thing about it is that it knows so many languages all you have to do is choose one you would like to learn and put work in to it.
I love this aap The best thing is that I can learn a language  for free without  any ads or any special plugin to purchase thank u Duolingo for making  this aap and now i am waiting  for new updates
WOW I have never seen anything like it not only am I sharpening my Spanish skills but I'm also learning two other languages as well. I've even talked to people in one of  my new learned languages of french. All I can say is stick to it guys
Great, but of course not everything This app has been great for me so far, but I know that it wouldn't teach every sort of colloquial phrase. I wish it had more languages of course even though English has the most and I'm sure the other mother tongues feel left out, I still want more.
Awesome Enjoyable, easy to use, good reminders without being annoying. Do it
Makes learning languages fun I love the variety of the questions and that it lets you learn at your own pace. The lessons are the perfect size and I like the training mode that helps you retain vocabulary. Such a great tool and it's free Incredible
Excellent app As good as if not better than the paid for PC software and it's all for free. Would highly recommend.
Amazingly good and free I don't have to tolerate super boring repetition.  The review of material adds in subtleties as you review, so it's never tedious.  Awesome way to learn fast.  It's been about 2 weeks and I'm already starting to understand some dialogue in the movies I'm watching.
Duolingo is Cool Practice is the cornerstone of any language learning process. Duolingo offers exhostive practice sessions after every new element learnt. One who wants to really develop spoken Espaol, Duolingo is the app they must consider. The app is also strategically designed considering all learning styles like Visual, Auditory and Kinesthetic etc. It is an amazing self paced learning app. Full marks to Duolingo
5 stars because it is free PLEASE bring back individual languages' streaks 
