I love this game finally This is my dream game and this is the commercial of the cartoon network blamburger 
Loveeeeeee I love this app I don't  know  why my friends  say this game is bad
Great It is so good I wish I can play all day
AWESOME GAME It OK
T love love love love this game its good. SEMAJ
Febtb Dv tg v th
Awesome awesome awsome Man its so fun why did I never play this
Blamburger This is funny and this is bad game  the commercial of the cartoon
Awesome game Building different types of burgers, for different amount points. Fun
Amazing It is amazing, when i want to play, i make a burger.
Fun I dont like this game I love it  I don't see why my sister don't like
Loved it I love tjis game my friends also instald this game.
Nice game
Blam burger Good
AWESOME
Amazing
Loved it this game is so fun that I want some burgers I am going to spend so much money.
 Awesome game
Love it I love it and your mom Danielle Alvarado  
Gfgy Gh
Oh yeah 
Hay
Pipo
JUST DO IT DOWNLOAD IT NOW DON'T MAKE YOUR DREAMS BE DREAMS. YOU GOT TO WAKE UP IN THE MORNING AND WORK HARD AT IT. NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE.
Burger is look tasty good You are make hamburger of much flavoring. Clarence go to right side to left side to right side to left side and catching many piece to toppings the burg. Children is make watching play and funniness is time for laugh.
This is random, so don't read cause its random I got to be a good idea to have to do it. I know sleep in the kitchen too, so we are going to stare the world. More info. I know that I have a book that is not as dark sleep in the morning of a sudden. her head and neck of my favorite animators, and the door.  Nobody important sweetie. I have been a while, and I know that you have to stop by the end of this tag only shows image. I know you can find a 3. You seem like an old one and only a idiot.
AWESOME BEST GAME EVER. AND IM ONLY 11 AND I HAVE VERY GOOD TAST IN GAMES. O AND EVERYBODY DOWNLOAD CLASH OF CLANS
Awesomeness I love clearance so I love this game. its really fun but time wasting   you should really play this game really fun
1 of the best around... I'm a diehard religious follower of Clarence and his pals, the nostalgic feel to my young life is awesome. Anyhow, I love this game. For all the bad spawning babies, that's part of the challenge to the game, numbnuts. Dodge, dodge, and dodge some more until you can grasp what you wantneed. Sometimes you gotta take what you can get. My high score is just short of 500k, so if you dev guysgirls could do some sweet updates for the game... that'd be rad
Hi I love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love this game 
