Brilliant I have seen this app stop a tantrum. And it can keep my great granddaughter busy for 20 minutes or more. She loves it. And I do too. On my phone it will stay
Wow it's amazing for my baby 15m I liked it soo mush he can make calls for the animals and whin he press the right key he get score i gave 5 stars specially for the hidden of the lighting scape keys soo he can't get out of the game so I'm not going to make it on plan mode
Great No ads  no exit Son loves this on his nabi 2s and it boosts his imagination. Hard to find apps usable for age 3 and under that have no ads and use full screen so my kid won't exit the game by mistake. Additionally extra hard to find a app where they can't make purchases too
I know right this game is so annoying different if we were Fat Kylie it'll be good it would be perfect for Kylie anything from that because anything for that Riley but Cali because I li but kindly Well I guess I love it cuz cuz we love it too cuz she's my cousin I love her I love my I don't really have a boyfriend Cuz I'm not old enough I feel like I'm pressuring
best game ever I'm baby sitting my little 2 month baby cousin and he starts to cry so I put this game on and he thinks it is the best thing in the world thank you for this app
Loved it. Downloaded this app for my 15 month old. Glad I did as she is in giggles especially at the animal sounds 
Baby sister loves Every time I get home she always begs me for my phone
Samsung galaxy tab 4 My brother is 10 monrh he really likes it when he play he laugh loudly and one wish plz update
Downloaded for 28 mo. old girl She loves pretending to talk on the phone and call the different animals.
Toddler Approved  My 2 year old loves this app... He plays on it all the time... I had it for awhile then I got a new phone and could not find this app anywhere so I downloaded another app kinda like this one but he refused to play it....so I uninstalled it and finally found this one.... Yay...
Cool My little sister loves it when I put It on my phone she crys for it she really likes it she is 1 year old baby and my other sister that is 4 thank u thank u thank u
BABY PHONE ROCK'S I just download it and my sister loves it even with the animal sounds.
So awsome This realy helps my mom now my 1 year old brother can give mom some mom time
Its a cute fun little app for my 18 month old nephew.. He loves it So as long as the little guy is happy, I'm happy.
Helping hand always When She is crying comes her down alot.where Everywhere. What Helps understand numbers and animals even better than nursery rhymes.
My 23month old son loves this game very much. It keeps him busy when for a long time. 
Simple but fun My 20 month old loves this phone especially calling the animals Really simple to use but fun too.
My pretty girl loves this game She is a doll baby your going to be the first to wish you have been a good one who has been a good one
This game is fun for my little cousin ps. I'm ten years old and it's fun for me
Is a good for mi babys girl I want mor games for me and mi babies is gooooooooodd
