Sooooooo fun anybody that is looking for a fun game get this game. Also they should add more characters. My favorite team is regular show
I LOVE IT EVERY BODY GET THE GAME
LOVE IT
Awesome game This game rocks and it only 99cents get it quick it mad good it made me happy buying it
I love this game I just can't stop playing this game I love it it's so great I forgot how my life was before it.
Awesome idea. Overall great game.  More characters need to be incorporated. Also incorporated characters need to play simultaneously. Customizable teams would be awesome ie. a team composed of Mordecai Rigby Finn Gumball and Benson
Great great This game is like the best football game on play store but please have a Christmas update please
worth it and love it need more official cartoons characters in the whole team,not just 1 but whole team and add more cartoons
Totaly loved it This game is pretty fun but I agree it does need more teams.
Sam Davis The game is awesome because the teams are good and I love cartoon network and I love soccer.
Johnfarrish Really good game but they should have all the characters from cartoons network and different type of controls
Cartoon network Could you put nightmare in elmore the gumball game in the google play store.
Awesome I love this game but the game needs more teams the team i mostly want is teen titans go and please make more players for teams instead of bots.And can you make skill moves like tricks so that each character has its own unique tricks
love the game great game to kill time we'll worth the money
Its the best game I have on my tabletteive won the championship four times
This game is my favorite.I love regular show.I never leave this game.
Amazing I thoughtit would be boring after i bought it. However it is so fun. I wish they could have some more players.
This game is really fun to play but  i don't like how you don't have a record
My life is with power  of the soccer team Team power rangers super megaforce dino charge
Cn supers star soccer I like this game so much because it is soccer in I play soccer I got a lot off soccer  games on my phone its fun
Its cool I love amazing world of gumball  adventure time  and regular show
Awesome Game I've played the game online and it's epic I recommend it to everyone
CN Superstar Soccer I love this game and I can't be defeat in this game
