Feel like a kid again Stop play'n games for year's, life to short .so I stop and play it's been like a.30 years
Brainage much Not only are u sharpening skills, but ur doing it in multiple ways. Never get too old to learn.
Best game  Never get bored with these types of games and I feel like a kid again 
Best thing ever This app is awesome and l don't know what I would be with out this awesome, best , fantastic app
It's just good I like that it's timed even though you don't see your time until the puzzle is solved.  You have your  choice of categories and difficulty levels. Simple.  straightforward. Just good
A lot better now Fun to waste some time if wanting to do something that doesn't take to much thinking.                      Since I reinstalled it, it seems that they've fixed the flaws...no more double words, etc. Still the same simple words, easy games....it's all good, I like it that way. 
Awesome Awesome and awesome and awesome and awesome and awesome and awesome this game is
Very enjoyable Fun, but not a good game if you are tired  the letters start swimming before your eyes
I love it and I don't get bored It easy to play and i enjoy playing it .nice app
word game it is good app. I like this appbecause in children nrw words to be know this method ,so I likethis app thank ui
It's nice and easy to play Your kids will learn more my friend Remus like it very much hooraaaa
Word search I like it because you so fun and exciting and crazy and amazing and cool
Sandy Good format, good choice of words.  Have been looking for a good word find game. I am hooked.
This game Is awesome I'm really hooked on it lol well I don't have any problems down loading and etc.
I love this app, keeps me searching. It's just like a puzzle book
Love this app. I enjoy playing word games..passes the time easily. This word search is my favorite I give them 5 stars.
Puzzleman This is a good way to pass the time. They should had a few BIBLE categories.
wordsearch I really enjoy this game. please. I wish everyone will try this game. It really relax u.
WORD SEARCH I Love it, getting it done while being timed, Eye Candy, Thanks Y'all...
BEST game ever played  This game records time in how we must complete our puzzle
It's gr8 I liked this game it's awesome whenever I wanna refresh I always prefer this this game and it also improves the ability of my mind to think more
