ITS ON MOBILE TY TY TY TY OH MAN I WANTED THIS SOOOOOOO BAD ON MOBILE, since I don't have a computer anymore nor comp net connection....I already bought this for the comp, and it kinda sucks i gotta pay for this version, but this game is FULLY worth it. ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER 105 stars
Worth the purchase I can't even say that about any other game.  Except...I'm stuck...any help out there...
This might sound wierd... But this game has made me change my view on things. Ive written a book because this game me so much inspiration
Amazing One of the best mobile and tablet games available. It's fun, creative and you have to slightly use your brain to solve some pretty challenging puzzles at times. Worth every dollar
Worth the  I loved playing this game, finished it and was sad. Took a break and played some nowhere near as cool games just to come back and play again. Goo Save the world with Goo
Review Rather pricy for a mobile game but it's not the most expensive out there.. You have to want this game to buy it. The trial is nice, the full version is better so far, I haven't finished it so take my review slowly.
One of the best mobile games out there, definately wourth the money The only word I can think of to describe this game is legendary. Fun story, creative gameplay ideas, just awesome
Top of the must have games list This is one of the most unique, enjoyable, funny and genuinely entertaining games I have ever played. There is a tonne of challenging and fun levels and also a sandbox mode. If you are looking for that one game, this is it.
Really good Works perfect on my old htc desire,you're doing a great job. Really worth buying.on the  long way to ocd
Fun Puzzler This is probably the best app I have ever played. I usually don't do reviews but in this case, this app is totally worthy Its addicting,fun,puzzling,imaginative, and all the above. 5 STARS
A little pricey For the five dollars this costs, I thought it was worth every penny. Challenging but fun, this game deserves five stars
Is great. I love this game with a passion of 100 burning dwarf stars. Its a fun game and it helps my mind open up to puzzles a small bit more.
We want World of Goo 2 I've played this game multiple times through and completed a bunch of the OCD challenges. Take me on another World of Goo adventure
Must have The best game I have ever downloaded...I was so sad when I beat it. Its just so cool and fun
A welcome addiction I always come back to this game every six months to a year since its release. It's that good. The soundtrack is pleasantly dark and super catchy as well.  Play it or die.
Mental Challenge I appreciate a game that requires you to do more than tap the screen as quickly as possible. .. My reflexes were never that great.
Utterly addictive I am not a gamer but this game appealed to me on many levels. Super challenging, wistfully creative, charming and sinister. I'm so sad because I finished it Please make a part 2, I'd buy it in a heartbeat
No special permissions It's often overlooked how much information apps and games take in return for giving you access to their content.  5 stars to World of Goo for not demanding access to any of your personal info
Finally Found You Loved this game on the computer. Finally can play the real thing for only 4.99 half the price on the computer. Thank You WILD TANGENT
physics based puzzles absolutely love this game since it came out on WII. I have gotten so many of my friends hooked on the Goo
Unique for its time. Getting a game that unintentionally created a genre, it's always best to address the original. Thankfully it's the best of the lot. Lots of love and devotion went into this game. It'll be a classic one day  enjoy it
Finally Had this game for Wii about 5 years ago and got rid of my Wii last summer. This game was like 15 on Wii and only 5 on here Freaking awesome So glad I can finally play this gamen again after so long.
Excellent One of the better games out there  quite challenging and addictive.  Simple yet detailed graphics, sound effects make  me smile every time I play, music isn't annoying like some other games. Thank you for an amazing product.
No Better Tablet Game I'm always hesitant to spend money for entertainment on my Galaxy Tab 2, but this is one thing I have never regretted. The perfect price, the perfect soundtrack, the perfect touch response, a compelling story... The gamemaker's and storyteller's personalities really shine with this game. No microtransactions or advertisments, just pure fun. I hope they make another that is similar.
Perfect little game for mobile phones It's a perfect little game with short levels.  Easy to pick up and put down and with just the right level of difficulty. Use the goo balls to construct structures in order to get the rest of the goo balls from one place to another safely.  Basically you have to build a bridge but you use up your goo to actually build the bridge so you need to do it on as few moves as possible.  Daft, simple, addictive
Absolutely fantastic What a great game. Every aspect is appealing. The challenges are all unique and their completion makes you feel smart. The graphics are twisted and beautiful. The story line has the small but surprising twists and playful foreshadowing that you love to see in an indie release. Overall, the most satisfying mobile game experience I've had since Osmos.
The best game on android. SIMPLY STUNNING This is the most intriguing game i have ever come across. The PC version was brilliant but this game deserved to be on a touch device. The gameplay is very simple but the game itself is very challenging and keeps you guessing. Amazing story and soundtrack which really brings inanimate gooballs to life. Hats off to the developers. GENIUS. Perfection in simplicity. I think I am having a game orgasm
