Yay It is so cute and then you should come over and over again 31st 23rd,
Love it to death Awesome, maybe add more stallion manes and tails because I feel all manes plus tails are all for Mare characters. Love the app to death
Just needs some updateing Add more accessorys
this app this app is so amazing ive had it for 2 yrs
 it but. It needs to be able to make your own cutie Mark and more stallion manes and stuff add that and I'll be satisfied.
Colton I get update pony
Mr.awsomeTrex Its cool I made a character and him EnderJack
I use this The pony in that pic is one I created thanks to this                love it             oh almost forgot can you add somthing where you can get a pic and crop it to be the cutie mark
I love the game
Amazing
Better than expected I'm not a Brony  even I enjoy this Normally, createacharacter apps suck, but this one did a fantastic job
Love it I love it I find it very fun to make ponies. I hope you guys do an update for cutie marks or even make it a couple thing too.
I love it but need more things I love it but I was wondering if you could put more manes and tails like on the website version I would really love that.
Amazing Yes I am a brony but even if you aren't one trust me its worth the dollar
Please, for the love of god, add more manestyles I can't make my OC without Derpy's mane or tail
Awesome I love love love this app I play it on compurter as well its really good but can you make it more like compurter verstion I you if I you do that since the wings and the hair are a bit wired but you did a amazing job on this also im a 9 year old
Make  cutie  mark It just howllwen  all a good comstume I go to  make
Awesome It would be awesome if you added a cutie mark maker as well, the creator will have to put whatever they want and situate is however they feel, that would be awesome
O ya I love this game but please can you add cutie marks
gar good stuff, I play this when I'm not snarfing bike seats at Walmart.
Great Love it It has most of the items from the computer version from what I can tell, but what's bothering me is how I can't make my own pose. Is that option available in this version or no If it is, I can't find out how to do it D
Overall Fun, Great Developer The new features like head turning and weird body positions make for some wacky and entertaining senerios. I bought this app in a heartbeat because I knew trusted developer GeneralZoi would take good care of it.
Great app I love it, but I can't make a cutie mark. Can you fix it please.  Or if it does have this feature, then tell me where it is. Please replie.  Thanks.
good but This app is great but it needs a Cutie Mark Selection
