Fun I like the app and bought all the guns. Great fun. Please consider adding a few old west, pirate, flint lock, etc. guns. Thanks. Also the app still gets to a point where the screen goes dark and I have to close the app and start again.
Hey It's so fun so Pew pew pew
Make a silencer option for ALL guns. So that it Purana silencer on a gun if you want one on Oh yes
Cool   I loved it because it has so many guns 
Loved it Great game
Good Great sound
Really good
Great Nd
Very good
Amazing
I love this game Best game ever
Idea to make the game better You guys should add a shooting range with a ballistics gel dummy as the target to show how much damage the guns can actually do. I'm a huge gun guy and that would make this game so much better and more informal
Won't Load... Not exactly sure why, but it won't go pass the CRIMSON MOON screen. It'll just crash. Please fix because I really like the app. Also when I have it set so the gun will shoot when the device is flicked or jerked or when I have it set so the camera flash would flash after it discharges, it won't work.  If you can't fix that, that's fine because my main concern is the fact that it crashes. I have a Galaxy S6 if that information helps at all.
Awesome I am almost in love with it but it would be cool if you wouldn't have to waste a lot of money but still cool with animation and stuff
Amazing FX and Good Backhistory  DD Sounds like a warzone at your fingertips.  All of the details and features of each gun looks so realistic.  A good simulation of each firearm and also a good way to learn about the history of the weapon.
Best gun Sim ever This has to be my favorite gun app on my phone I swear the coins are super easy to get And every gun has a wiki and tells you so much info And you can really feel the realism and amazingness with great graphics Amazing gun wall You can customize where you want them and all. I have guns from some Call of Duty games and I'm always showing my cousins about them. This is a must have
Loved it Very nice I got all guns and skins love it. I really would love to see a signal action army. And a few black powders. And if possible to see other side of guns. Other then that I LOVE IT. Keep it up and il keep playing. thank you for awsomest app ever. Ps sorry if English is bad or broke
Sweet. Add the P08 Luger, and the Baby Nambu. Also, the Colt 1860 Army Revolver. And the Kentucky Long rifle. Plus some flintlocks. Make my money worth it. I bought all guns and skins.
