So addictive... I hope there will be a upgrade soon...Once you get the hang of making your men strong n having plenty of food,killing zombies is a breeze. I love how intense the next raid of zombies become.
Simple yet Robust Has all the main components one would imagine needs to be managed in a zombie apocalypse but remains simple enough to understand and easy to learn. A very nice interface makes it easy to get all the information you need. One complaint is moving equipment from one survivor to another can be tedious.
What the heck is with these people What the hell don't  build any church my people committed suicide and then I died from starvation
Save the world Or at least survive it. This is a good blend of city building, exploration, and resource management. I like that I get to keep a few characters for the next city if I win.
Awesome game With NO inapp purchase I refused to buy games that are inapp purchase.  This game make me think and plan ahead.   It kept me busy for hours.  It uses very low battery because it's not a heavy graphic game.
Love this First played on Kongregate and loved it there.   Very happy with how it transferred to mobile.  Wonderful to see a Canadian female developer being successful.  The music, pacing and ramp up of difficulty is just right.
Yep Great game. played it on PC loved it happy they made for phone. Disappointed I had to but it though.
Great Really cool game. It's more of a simtower defense game than FPS like a lot of zombie games, which is what I was hoping for. Create a character, organize survivors, build your fort and fight off attacks. Other reviewers said they beat it too quickly, but I think there's a lot of replay value.
Hours and hours of fun This game is funny and interesting.  I like that you can turn bad language on or off. I've played through 3 times already And I'll probably do another 20
No Longer Crashes on startup A1 Developer and game.  Developer listens to bug reports and is fast to fix them
Awesome game I have an Idea greenhouses, they would allow you to make food on winter, either research or as a random building
Think a pocket strategyonly version State of Decay.. And that's what you have here.  Go on missions for food,  supplies and survivors fight off hoards.  Research tech.  Like State of Decay for Xbox but a strategy only version.  And almost as addictive.. Great job  Looking forward to more.
Played it since Newgrounds One of the BEST turn based strategy games ever, top notch resource management, and a great story to boot  The only time i EVER won on impossible was with a bestof squad from a previous game, so i have yet to achieve true dominance.  There is always a goal to try for.  Highly recommended by me, it never gets old
Just like the computer version except for more options Love it
Love it but like other people said Needs Google play games support We love the achievements  gives it a great replay value for people who already played
Fun Not as awesome as Rebuild 3, but definitely with buying and playing
THANK YOU I finally found a game where I feel like I am actually participating in what's going on. The atmosphere and soundtrack is perfect and really draws you in.    I wanted a game that made me feel like I was in a Walking Dead episode, and this is it. Five Stars
Brilliant Can spend hours at a time playing this game. Just so good
Perfect Bye bye time Soooo good Love being able to carry characters to new towns
Addictive game Too many fun hours playing
Cool I remember playing this on computer.its awesome that tere is a mobile app for this.also awesome comic pictures
Slow to start, addicting after Great little game if you like turn based strategy
I can keep on going with this game... Addictive and fun...
Buildings I only wish I could make whatever I wanted to with each building.
GREAT game  Very interesting  addictive, and unlike his sequel rebuild 3, this one his perfectly playable even on a normal smartphone screen ...
I got it at full price. No in game purchase and support offline play are great features. Go play it
Nostalgia I loved rebuild in highschool i skipped a lot of work time for it. Time well spent and money well spent
