This is an excellent alarm clock app. It keeps the screen on,  and allows  a user selectable color. As expected having the screen on all night will drain the battery.   The only two problems that I've run across   1 When the clock is running for a long time like several days  weeks, the alarm will slowly get later. So my 6AM alarm goes off at 603 by week two.   2 Oddly, when DST ended today, the clock didn't automatically change when the rest of the phone did. The app had to be restarted.
Sweet This is a awesome clock, my favorite click app I ever had and I been running smart phones since 05 a awesome phone it was 680,htc 6800 titan pocket pc, had kick stand everything and the folders were kids like a computer, I've never had one with folders look that again, really awesome thanks guys, sincerely yours,The I love the play store man
Wake me up,  before you ...... Sorry,  cheesy reference to a old song. I  have purchased other alarm clocks before.  But with so many features and options, this clock is by far the best there is. Awesome job
Works great Great, dependable app. I'd like more variety in clock stylesviews, but I've never found an alarm clock app I've liked better than this one.
Brilliant alarm clock app... love it.  Only criticism would be that it doesn't go dark enough for my liking in might mode.  I'd personally like to be able to dim it almost to complete black.  Other than that, one of the best clock apps I've seen...
Works well. The only problem I had was when the ads were flashing in my face while I was trying to sleep. After I paid a reasonable price of .99 cents. I had no complaints. The in app alarms wake me up every time. I can make it set for the same time all week and different times on the weekends. I haven't had to adjust my alarms in two weeks. It also stays on if you adjust the settings correctly so you can see what time it is if you wake up early.... or late.
Awsome App The ONLY thing missing is a way to create playlists for your alarms. Some of us like to wake up to more than just one song of the 380 songs i do have on the device 
Exactly What I Wanted I wanted a clock with illuminated numbers, but I couldn't find batterypowered ones in the store all the batteryoperated ones had black digital numbers with back lighting.  I love that I get to choose the color of the numbers with this app, and I can just lift my head off my pillow and easily read the time, even when my eyes are still blurry from sleep.  The alarm features are great, too, and I'm glad I downloaded this app
Awesome Clock I love this app it so easy to use   the wordy clock is the best
Good look and feel, good functionality It has just the right set of features for the price. Looks pretty good, allows me to set the audio, brightness and sleepwake features.
Best application. Nice,accurate charming. CVS.
My Alarm Clock It's never failed me and I travel the world with it, just remember to adjust your time zone on the phone
Excellent Only thing missing is the ability to set as default alarm clock to work with Google voice commands. Other wise, FLAWLESS
Great App Love how easy it is. Nice having a glowing clock all night while it charges.
Normally whenever I obtain a new Android device I'd hunt around for an alarm clock app... I never used to care which... Until I installed My Alarm Clock. Now, all my devices use the same clock... This one.
Excellent Straight forward. Simple to use. Just what you want in an alarm clock. Perfect.
Great I was dubious about buying this as someone with an LG g3 said it wasn't working properly on their phone,  but it works fine on my LG g3.
