Favorite I only have 2 games in my tab. Worms 2 and pvz 2. This is my favorite game in android asside from pvz2. Thank you team 17 for making this one. And i dont encounter any problems and issues.
Great game. Great stuff. Game works perfect. There is also 2, 3 and 4 player mode. You just make 4 teams and play in hotseat mode. Multiplayer works a bit slow but its ok for plaing
Refund I want a refund please. It's a good game, don't get me wrong, but I actually accedintally got it. It's still awesome and I have always loved worms. Thanks very much. Edited The 15 min refund time has passed so I can't get my refund, is there any other way i can get my money Thanks and sorry of the trouble.
Reminds me of the good 'ol DS days Had Worms Open Warefare on the Nintendo DS when I was much younger. Played it for hours. Ive been playing this game for a couple hours now and I like the updated visuals and effects. What I would like to see in a future update is the ability to create your own maps and a skirmish type mode where you can play on the maps you create.
Just as I remember... Worth the mere 99 cents.  Well polished, and playable product. Any apprehension you might have had about compatability issues should be gone. Now working fine on my Nexus 7 and S4. FRAG ON
What no p2p Thank you. For making both a great port and not succumbing to the sleaze that is. You are great human beings or robots, if you're robots
Old school Angry Birds Modern classic, this game never gets old Unique game, almost own genre game that cannot be made better by anyone but Team17
I have always wanted this game on my phone It very close to the original just working out the kinks with a touch screen instead of a keyboard but war is so much fun with my kids now
WORKS AWESOMEFUN Its finally here This game runs smooth and fast  and really fun  on my nexus4, Nexus 7, and G2X . Editproblem I don't have sound in the game at all on my nexus 4 running 4.4 kitkat           UPDATE kinda late but 5 stars since it was fixed a while back xD
