Wonderful My kids love this and i love it is a great way for them to explore color.
My daughter loves it so be QUIET Also my daughter loves coloring and she loves  cupcakes
Love this app My two year old loves everything mickey mouse. The fact that he can see his art work in 3D  is so awesome. He would play this game all day long. Stumble across this app looking for another app. So glad I did
My 4 year old loves it There are hidden activities in each room. For example, in the kitchen you can make cupcakes. It allows you to paint each object individually with so many different options.
COLOR 
Awesome app My 4 he old loves this It keeps her entertained and she is also learning to be more creative. The only problem is trying to get my phone back. Oh well
Awesome My kids LOVE this app. Well worth it, it keeps them entertained in the car and at restaurants.
My son really loves this app But my question is when does it update for seasonal holidays  We seen it like that on YouTube.
Awesome My kids love this app its so cool I have a 2 and 6 year old kids, both love it
my kids love this app. hope disney creates more games.
Mickey ,s colour and play My 3 years old love it
MICKEY COMES TO LIFE IN MY TODDLER'S DESIGN...AWESOME This app is so cool. Even tho my toddler cant do anything but scribble, he is enthralled that Mickey  Minnie not only come to life in his image, but they interact with all the cool stuff in the rooms when my boy touches anything, like the radio, or the wagon taking Minnie for a ride. I just wish there were more characters andor fun rooms to explore. But all in all, this is totally a keeper.
This right here, IS GREAT. My sons own little clubhouse.
Mickey's color and play I love coloring thanks for making this
My 3 year old daughter loves this game
Omg I love mike mouse sometimes I watch it on youtub
Great fun My son really enjoys this game ... can't wait for the disney junior play app to come on android
Love This App I am using my cellphone but I have the app on my iPad. But I downloaded it on Oct.11,2015 Well, what a cool app.
I Love Mickey Mouse ClubHouse Mickey Hot Dog
Great for my girls My 3 year old and my 5 year old love this  My 3 year old always asks Can I play Mickey on your phone, Daddy  I didn't even know about the cupcake game.  She just colors and colors and colors...
2 year olds My kids Love this. Coloring and cupcake making are their favorite things. 10 stars
Good for kids 4 to 5 year old
Cute game My kids looooove it
Great for restaurants. My granddaughter loves to play and has not gotten tired of it.
