It's about time Acts the same as the ones in casino that I have wasted way too much money on. Please add 1 bet 
Just needs to be more like the casino version is better. I do not think the product is finished please remake mote like the Cleopatra found in casinos.
Just like the real thing It's funny to read about the people that say this game doesn't hit...retards it's a game of CHACE based on RANDOM fking 's Maybe ur 's are st and that's why you don't hit Dija ever think of that The game is great Looks and plays just like the real Vegas machines.
Fun game I just bought this game and so glad that I did. I usually don't buy the games,and actually this is my first one but I'm glad I did. Its just like the casino Cleopatra. I am having loads of fun and I would recommend Cleopatra keno to everyone. Try it out. You definitely won't be disappointed.
Cleopatra keno I enjoy playing this in the casinos, but can't go very often....this helps the gambling urge. And doesn't put me in debt But then again, these winnings don't pay the rent or buy groceries.Entertainment only...
Cleopatra likes being tapped Tapp the start button an release it when the first number hits . 415 707 760 3c
This is an  Addictive game but it sure is fun for everyone. Get er done...having funnnn
I LOVE THE SH. T OUT OF CLEOPATRA KENO. USED TO PLAY IT AT THE CASINO.BUT SINCE I HAVE CANCER NOW IT'S SO MUCH BETTER AT HOME KICKING BACK  IN MY PJs smoking my blunt laying in my bed .on my meds it's great KEEP IT PUSHING  CLEOPATRA KENO IM RIGHT HERE  I BOUGHT U IM NOT GOING NO WHERE.  I WOULD LOVE TO HIT 8 OUT OF 8 THAT WOULD BE THE BOMB
Fun game plays almost like casino I don't win at the casino or on here but its still fun to play Fun
One of the best keno games ever  Very much like the real thing.
Awesome This game is awesome It is just like the game in the casinos. It is one of the best keno games for android.
Good alternative to the real deal I love keno and this is a good game, wish the odds were a little better, but don't we all...
Awesome Just like playing at the Casino.
C Needs to be able to bet higher other than that good game
Just like the ones i play at the casino. You never let me run out of credits, and I don't even have ask.  I just love it, I play a lot of games but this is my absolute favorite. Its hassle free, Try it You'll Love it  One little thing if it had a auto play button I would like that very much.
Cleopatra Keno lt3 Good version.
Cleopatra keno Just like the casino game
I always played this in the casino now I got it on my phone for Free and ain't tricking off my real money
Almost jus like it... Man I'm from Vegas n this is pretty close to the real deal... N I love that I never run completely outta money... So much more fun than playin on Boulder... Lol... Thanks n u should make one for 4 card cleo keno...
Barbrat Love it.. finally Just like the casino
Luv it great game to pass the time.
It's is just like the game it's fun
