It's like life... ...On a microscopic scale. Definitely one of the most if not the most original game I've played in a while.. No subscriptions, no microtransactions. Just buy once and play forever... Just like it was during the days when single cell organisms ruled the prehistoric soup.  Ahh life was good.. and much much simpler.
Out of this world Relaxing,  challenging,  addicting,  and no pesky micro transactions  Can't ask for a better game..... Play it. You'll see what I'm talkin about
Phage wars, but more relaxing. Fell in love with the demo version so I had to buy the full version. The music is so relaxing and the gameplay requires thought, combined it's the best mobile game I've found. I hope to see continued development and more levels and such
A beautifully crafted game. Matt Jarvis and the guys at High Skies have done a wonderful job. Osmos delivers beautiful ambient gameplay, puzzle elements and awesome graphics, and an incredible sound track.
Great Except for when I signed into Google play online it keeps crashing on my note 5. Kind of upsetting considering I spent money to get this game just for it to keep crashing at the main menu.
Mobile Game Hall of Fame This is one of the best mobile games around. Casual gaming with challenging puzzles. Doesn't get much better.
One of the best I started playing this game like 3 years ago, I remember living it I left it for a while after I changed phones and has to study and work, and downloaded it again a couple of days ago, is still awesome and a ton of fun to play I really love it. It's not just a dumb arcade game, it requires skill, thinking, caution, and maybe a bit of patience. I most likely recommend it for most of my friends.
Stunning How had I not given this five stars yet It's been years since I bought this, played and finished it and today I redownload to calm down and get composed. A musthave paid app. Rewards your patience so don't expect highoctane action.
Relaxing, absorbing, and addictive gameplay. Love playing multiplayer with my kids.  It is entrancing gameplay that is easy to play but difficult to master.  A welcomed break from the fast paced games that do not reward the virtues of patient and cognitive action.
Awesome Really enjoyable, simple to start difficult to master. Not sure about longevity yet but it has everything else.
Multiplayer 3g 4g doesn't work Excellent single player game. Endless loop of inviting and accepting on 4g. It just  doesn't work. Too bad, it would be fun.
Favorite Game on Android If I could have only one game on mobile, this would be it. Great graphics, stellar soundtrack, manages to be calming and nerveracking all at once. The campaign is great but arcade mode is the real challenge, randomized levels every time. Super hard on higher difficulty levels, but also super satisfying to beat them. Multiplayer is great, but so few play it.
Relaxing and calm The relaxing music its great and the addiction to get bigger and bigger than other osmos lol i love it. Its so chilling      worth the money to me  
Original and addictive game It does  surprise me when I come across a game like this.  Very  well  written and  coded.  Smooth control and requires some  thought to play.  Feels like it  has a lot to offer and look forward to seeing  further updates and extra content.  You don't have to be a  space or science  'nerd' to enjoy it either.  Very playable.  Congratulations for producing such a  decent game. Well worth downloading.
Fun and relaxing. The music is good too. This is a great app to test your skill and patience. Move too much or too fast, death. Move too slow lose the level. Fun.                     Update version 2 just as much fun.
Relaxing This game is very fun and relaxing.  Headphones really do make it pop.  I've had it installed for a year or so and have enjoyed it consistently. Highly recommend
Awesome game. Love the concept. Love the playability. Love that ANYONE can play. Beautiful colors and nice ambiance. Max stars.
Beautiful. An eloquently designed game that takes cosmic crush an awesome online game and making it more civilized, complex and wonderful. No technical issues or flaws, just relaxing wonder and a magnificent soundtrack.
Sher bliss The music, on its own, is worth the money. The game is just so original and creative.All wile being very well made. I am glad to see new content has poped up too. Will be enjoying this game for awhile.
Doesn't work on next book 8 If iu can't fix it can I have a refund in stead of being tossed back and forth between you guys and Google That's even More irritating. Otherwise I would give 5 stars. Loved it on my gfs tablet. EDIT I was actually able to download it on my phone and the accounts were linked so it worked out. Thanks for the reply. The tranquility is great. My favorite levels are the ones that are huge and I can move very slow 
Simple yet so entertaining The game captures my attention and gets me into the content.  It does a great job with keeping consistent function as well as entertaining me. Combine it with Google play games and play with your friends It's a great time
Very Chill Play this if you want something a bit different in the puzzler genre, but above all if you want a visually pleasing game with simple controls, a simple but ingenious premise, that makes you use your brain  with a really very lovely soundtrack, then this is for you. It's also really very relaxing and chill, as well. 
Great music, great gameplay You could probably just relax to the soundtrack, but the simple yet sophisticated gameplay is too intriguing to let you drift off. A whole experience that is worth every second.
Addiction I played this game 5 years ago in highschool... After a long time, I find it again n play. Till be addicted 
Enjoyable A lowstress relaxing game. I like pretty much everything about the gamefrom the music to the controls and interface, to the puzzles of course. The game has more visual appeal on a tablet, but can also be enjoyed on a phone. I continue to play it now and then because it's beautiful and relaxing. Others might enjoy the challenge of finishing all the puzzles.
Addictive Definitely a good way to kill time and completely lose track of it all at once.
Simple and elegant Simple to play, visually stunning, amazingly laid back soundtrack. Engrossing way to kill some time. Well done.
Best of the best The only game I take from device to device. I've wasted so many hours on this.
Awesome Game Breathtaking graphics that draw you in combined with a peaceful, ease of play that is not only relaxing but downright intoxicating.
Great Frustrating as hell in higher levels... Love it
Great fun Game is a challenge as you progress, but with the ambient soundtrack, you never feel the frustration of losing. Great combination of relaxing and brainengaging
