Very good This is the best game ever u will find...I dont care wat pple say but good game
Best cricket game app in play store  At first I found it really tough . After I started playing a lot of games , then i found the timing to hit the shot perfectly through covers or down the ground or massive sixes  Remember folks  batman's confidence should be high to hit sixes or you ll get caught . Bowling is easy too , just manually set the field and you are good to go The only draw back is the ads but I turn netwifi off to play with no hindrance. Only problem is the limited overs .
Really really it's awesome Love it 10 stars  I really enjoyed it...just can't stop playing this game.....ADDS are annoying but if it's managed by turning off the internet There is no problem while downloading,cricket lovers just go for it...Love this game.....thannxz I love cricket 
Fantastic This is a fantastic game. This game has also run out, bold, caught out, lbw. All types of shot available. We can also change the name. We can also challenge a friend and so on.....................................................................
Good one Team please add test series tournament in this game. Nice i love this. This is the one and only game in my phone. Improve and update many things in it....dear plz add text match and change the ground. Its my humble request...
Not game just addiction I can't stop myself to play it
Outstanding game This is nice . I play this game everyday.  I feel better. Because this game is amazing and also change name .
I LOVE THIS GAMES....10 STARS.... This to all those who are so called ANNOYED by the Ads....they should understand because of the ads this game is free to the extent it is........the ads comes exactly where it should come between over after a wicket in between innings....and those who say they r unable to play shots...they should learn 1st then play.... P
Ahmed Amar to Bala lagse game ta.kub balo tar category ta.and Easy kela jay.so ami bolbo kub balo game ta....
Nice cricket game I never ever play. But points are reduced after login at the time of tournament mode unlock
Very bery good But I want listen hindi comentry,is it possible Reply me must
Ads problems When I playing the game and over is completely then 29 seconds ad fix this problem other wise i give it 5 star
This is a waste game pls d on't waste Net time its a disaster flop dirty boku naku
Awesome game It gives real cricketing experience.Pls can u add Bluetooth multiplayer mode on this game.
Liked this game One request... Can 50 overs match b unlock for ever...pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Very nice and superb The game is very nice I can't stop my hands to play this game
Sugession This Cricket Format is Very Nice. Plese Add The Test Cricket in Same Format. i Am Extited to play test cricket in this format so plese update the game
my best game i rate it 5 plz fix it more and with real name of players and plz fix more grounds
Hey, hero's take this game if you like nice you can take You guy some improvements are there
