Amazing I love this game They say that it is recommended for 6 year olds but I think it is a great game for kids and maybe adults  of all ages It really is a great deal for a good game People say that is a lot like minecraft, but I think that it is even better  and a lot less expensive too 
Awesome It is awesome why......because it is good I build a load of the stuff with my friend and we loved it so please download it is awesome really awesome.
Wow January 1, 2015 This game is very similar to Minecraft. The controls are fine when you get use to them, I did, and I just got this game today I think that they should make the world endless and have no how high you can build rule. PEACE August 8, 2015 I am kinda bored with this game now.
Thank you for this app. I have been looking for apps that my daughters would both love and also something where they don't realize they are learning as well as playing. My girla have so much fun with this app... I love looking at what they create. 
Best app ever nothings better than this Addicting build your dream place and fun a app that you should spend your 99 cents on and minecraft is boring
AWSOME Even though I am ten its so cool it keeps me from making mom to waste money now she doesn't
AWSOMENESS If you are on and off to get this game, I was too. I didn't know if it was worth 2.99. Come to find out, it totally was You have to give it a chance, it's amazingIt's a perfect way to kinda start to get the idea of minecraft. One thing though. My sister got this app on her tablet for free. She has a kids fire tablet. So if you wanna get this for free, get one of those.  THIS IS NOT A COMPLAINT.
SO MUCH FUN OMG This game is amazing I've had it for a day and I've had sooo much fun It is sort of like minecraft but it is much easier. I've never understood minecraft so it is lots easier Awesome please buy great price its wonderful
Awesome Great game I love it I love that it's nice and colorful and everything. There is no glitches or problems or anything bad. 5 stars 
i absolutly love this the builds are amazing. i love this becuz i can get creative.the only thing is that i wish others could play too.but overall, i love it
Fantastic Both my kids love this app.  They never tire of the endless designs they can make  make more of these 
I love it Awesome I love the game so much You can make what you want Build what you want Create what you want This is a game you should buy I love it All your games are amazing They are very fun and entertaining Thanks Toca Boca AB 
Minecraft for Younger Kids Toca Boca apps are always great quality and this is one of our new android favorites It's worth the price and encourages creativity
When I bought it for my child, He loved it so he said I will rate 5 stars on this game.
LOVE IT I got this app for my autistic sons and they love it Easy for them to play and figure out. I highly recommend this game to others. 
Perfect game, worth the money This game is great for me and my friends I loved that it came prebuilt sometimes but you need to make it more often that it comes prebuilt speak cuz I don't really like building on just something regular I like Minecraft and stuff this is like Minecraft and I think it's amazing and you should really try it maybe the producers her something could make it better for kids so they can't make naughty things but yeah this is really good
Really fun I love it  The game is really cute and the robots do really cool stuff. This is a game that's really worth 2.99
This is an incredibly well thoughtout little game. The controls are very intuitive, and my 5year old loves it. She understood the controls in just a few minutes, and is already hard at work building amazing creations. Works wonderfully on our Nexus 10.
Asome game It is so good for my cousin he won't leave me alone and u am 9
D Amazing but I think it needs windows and some co op local multilayer.
Great game Keeps my kids busy , they absolutely love it .
Great game for kids My daughter loves this game. It took some getting used to but once we learned the controls it was great fun
We love it My son and daughter can't get enough of all the Toca games.
Sooo fun but I would like to play the tailor game on Google play Get it
Best game ever It is so fun with all the different characters  and even my 5 year old brother LOVED IT Great job today boca
Wow This is the best game, educational or otherwise, that I've found for my five year old daughter.  Ridiculously cheap at 3.  It currently doesn't work with ART on KitKat, though.
Great app My son is 7 and he plays mindcraft as well, but this is completely different. You can design anything you want and use different toca builders to do it. He has a blast on this app Thank you
Cool creative and awesome but it would be so much fun if you add multiplayer
I love it I love this game because its too hard for me to play minecraft and this is like minecraft but, much easier.
