I'm having  a problem with connecting to trade cards with other players even though I have internet connection. Can you fix it  Outfit7 Other than that it is a great game.Thanks
Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Love it Love everything about the new update except they deleted water rush my favourite game to replace it with an app. I refuse to download it so outfit seven you MUST bring it back
More things You should add her to paint her nails and I hope you guys don't make it so expensive like the lipsticks
Angela s part of my life when I started taking care of her.but she lost one nyt in my phone.but now ive found her again I would not let happen that shes not n my side.5 stars for my daughter angela.I ms u.im starting loving her guys lyk my own daughter..god blessed us all always.
My ANGELA This  is so fun its like razing a  but its a  and age her up to an adult.  buy clothes food  and more upgrades.oh like u said with the makeup um when she take a  the make up don't come off for me when i do it. The white sponge is to take it off her makeup try it dugh EVERY ONE WHEN ANGELA TAKES A BATH DOUBLE TAP THE DUCK IT CHANGES PATTERNS I WAS WOOOOO 
WOW.. Just try WILD WALLET App Using this referal d 1050157 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...ok
I love talking Angela like the bomb I think everybody should get this game is like how awesome my voice is like taking care of your own cat so can I have another one that has them and it's like having your own path as your own have the nearest get everybody go so freaking awesome and I love my talking Angela and my name is also Angeles it's kind of cool what's Angeles okay well that's all I wanted to say hi and when was that talking Angela she's the bomb just like I am
I like it very much but why the icon is changed there was another angela which I use to play when I search it I don't find it   I noticed if I  re download Angela  there's a option  if I will continue my previous  game but i am not getting any option  I was in level 60 now I have to restart ....pls do something regarding  this so that I can download that angela and continue. ....if I search it with another phone I get the exact app but if I download it there I can't coti
Best game but This game is nice but really guys I hate the new sticker book the old one is better .And really how com Tom got a toilet and Angela don't put a toilet and leave the old sticker book
Omg This is like the most awesome game ever And I 10 I am addicted to this game its so fun D keep up the good, awesome, and really cool work outfit 7
awsome I really like this app its like a real child but some people think this app is deangrous but I dont listen because its awsome so yeah I love her as a baby because shes so cute and adorible thanks for making this game ful of joy
So cute When she grow up only DUPLICATE STIKERS. But she is so cute and i love the games
So much fun This game is so much fun Helping Angela, or whatever you yours,  I named mine Paris grow up. This game has very few ads which I love , but somethings are a little on the expensive side, but most things are ok. I think tat we should be able to level up a little faster and there should be more games to play, but otherwise this game is one of the most entertaining and fun game I have ever had I would give it 10 stars if I could Keep making games like this
I am in love with this app. I love seeing, and helping Angela grow up and become a responsible adult.
It's just like real life it's like actual family, brother you either love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it its just like real life its like actual families Love it love it love it love it love it love it I love it I love it I love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it love it
LOVE IT GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GAME GAME
LOVED IT Loved it loved it loved it I love this game so much I had it for 2 years this game inspired me to be fashionable. And it also taught me to be a better mom.And I don't even have my children yet
AMAZING GAME .THE BEST GAME I HAVE PLAYED YET. Very,very,very good .I love how there are so many levels and dresses . And I think it's great having a sticker collection which can unlock things like a garden setting .The only thing that bothers me with the app is the dresses and things cost so much but apart from that  I LOVE THIS APP 
She needs to have more food choices like Tom does he has French fries and onion rings  she doesn't. She don't have any kind of chicken to eat  1 point she did only have 3 beverages to choose from I see now she has soda to choose as well she has enough seafood just need some chicken as a choice as well then she's good to go
Pretty good Why do people hate this game  game loved
Love it It's not  real but it's really fun to play and I love the hair some of them are cute and fun . playing  the mini games are fun and the makeup is pretty . the clothes are pretty to I love talking Angela  it is awesome but one thing they need to have earnings
LOVED IT This app is the best plus people that say its bad I took a screen shot and looked close in the eyes theres nothing so don't worry about it the app is AMAZING
love love it its fun  I'm 26 I'm addicted because of my 5 yr old
BEST GAME EVER it is so fun to watch here grow up and get to put makeup on her cute
This is waaaaayyyy better than talking angla talking angla eith rape u so keep This on deleat  talking angla......But one thing about my talking angla.....DONT CLICK THE BUTTON....SHE WILL SAYyour eyes are pretty Please read my comment up there
Cool When I'm bored I play this. It is like a fun little game you can play when your bored
