Funny dialogues and great gameplay Really spent a lot of time on this game, picking up on small details and puns that they threw in. The game is well balanced and challenging. All in all, great game.
Great humor It's filled with references cameos and just generally feels so lighthearted you can't help but love it Just a goofy fun jrpg
Nice old school throw back Definitely worth the money. Plays smooth on tegra note tablet. Lots of little pop culture references, some of them are pretty blatant, others are more subtle. The only thing I really don't care for is that some of the jokes are very childish, and if you're old enough to get some of the references, then you're probably past finding the childish jokes funny.
Nice take on the genre If you like both old school rpgs and the naked gun you will like this. Kind of like the book ready player one, there are a TON of geek and pop culture references here
Overall awesome in my opinion This game have somehow given me a bit of the same feel I had playing FF for the first time, and also having some alright referencehumour at every corner, which is my type of humour. I can, however, see it possibly being a bit much for some people, but for those like me, it'll be kind if like playing some of the original FF gamed with giggles every now and then.
Holy Spaghetti Monster This is by far the best retro RPG I have ever played. The game play is just like all my childhood favorites and it none stop nerd jokes and awesome stories plus unlike most other games like this I've never had a crash or lag it is well worth more then a dollars
Thank you This game is incredible. Stays true to all the old school mechanics that made us all love RPGs in the first place. The battles and character progression are 1 in the play store. Can't wait to finish it and buy the advanced version.
Awesome A highly polished and hilarious turnbased RPG in the tradition of early Final Fantasy. Reminds tripleA RPGs that great gameplay still trumps expensive graphics and marketing. The plot doesn't take itself seriously at all and the script is full of gags for tabletop and video gamers alike. Decent touch controls, but plays better with a gamepad.
Simply the best mobile rpg One of the rare games that made me laugh out loud.
Addictive Some glitches here and there but mostly really funny and extremely entertaining
Loving It Best in class.  The devs should be very proud of this.  Shouldn't have put off buying it for the last year.  Now I feel guilty for having only spent a buck.  UPDATE Thirty hours into the game, still lots to explore and still very impressed.
Five Out of Five Thumbs Up Hilarious RPG that is not only fun to play, but also makes fun of all of the tropes of other favorite RPGs.
An example of what Android Gaming should be This game is excellent in every regard  classic yet original gameplay, appropriate length and difficulty, thoroughly entertaining. The game uses references and mocks of RPG tropes to create a surprising and hilarious journey. I have neither laughed out loud at a game or enjoyed an RPG like Doom  Destiny in years. Worth every cent.
Worth every penny Funny and fun old school RPG. Love it. Now I almost finish this game. It really funny, fun and quite some story. Havent had this kind of rpg for a loooonnggg time. This game satisfied me. Worth every penny is an understatement for this game. It has more than meets the eye.
Wonderful. I underestimated the hell out of this game After trying other mobile rpgs, and them being horrible for the most part..  I was convinced that this would be a waste of cash as well, but.. This Game freaking rocks     1110 would buy again
A delightfully funny experience I love playing this game. It's a good time waster while waiting for a bus or on a friend. It's funny, quirky and delivers it's quips in brilliant ways.
Great classic RPG style I love the classic RPG style games, which I feel are becoming more rare. It is a very fun storyline and lots of side quests without being overly  complicated. Best RPG on my phone so far
Doom  Destiny Best rpg for old style Love it...ok now if Aldorlea Games get on here we're set Buy it or play free then buy. 
Very good I did laugh a few times,  games is very nice and funny,  worth the price
Very in depth Can seem very daunting at first but once you get about 20 through it you will feel comfortable. Same goes with the controls. They are a little strange at first but very convenient after mastering it. Great little rpg to kill time and it has an awesome humor to it. Im looking forward to beating and buying DnD2
Fantastic casual RPG This RPG is full of funny witty dialogue. It is also surprisingly complex with things like battle positions, taunts, etc. Overall, nice game. Well worth the few bucks
Very Good I've never been a fan of JRPG style games, but this one is aesthetically pleasing, the controls are easy to learn and quite intuitive, and the witty oneliners never fail to amuse me. The only thing I would change would be to give the player the option of a DPad style movement control instead of an analog stick. The characters can only move in four directions, The analog stick is pretty unnecessary. Other than that, fantastic game. Highly recommended.
Fun and entertaining Love this game it's a great time killer and it's enjoyable only thing I would change is how the control scheme is laid out makes it a little difficult to use because you keep backing up a screen when you move , and your fingers get in the way of a picture other than that I like it
Awesome rpg This is a excellent rpg very well made it looks amazing easily one of the best looking rpgs. Plays very smooth but the controls are a little wonky and take getting use to but don't let that deter you from this gem of a game the controls are fine they just need time to grasp. Please show your love for this master piece and buy it and doom and destiny advanced which is the sequel and prequel to this game..
Fantastic Such a great game, takes me back to the good old days of rpgs, I felt like a kid again, well worth the money
Love it. Great game, bought it a while back on 360 but I got sidetracked and stopped playing it right after beating the Christmas area, now I can play it everywhere Looking forward to the prequel when I finish this one. Only complaint is the grammar is not great. If you guys want to hire an editor I'd love to help out, just email me a script Either way keep up the great work
Silly, fun, well made, satisfying This game is well made and the content is really silly and enjoyable. If you like nerd references, this is for you.
