Whyyyyyyy Why you do this ifunny gods, can u please fix the comment thing, when i tried to reply to a person, everytime it says don't rust it or don't spam it, i don't spam nothing this is like my first replying to someones comment and it says don't spam it, i only press the arrow once. PLEEEEESSE FIX THIS IFUNNY GODS, i well give bannas or what ever
I've thrown my life away I haven't slept in 12 days, my last meal was 4 days ago, and my family has been looking for me for six days now. This app.
Halp Ifunny gods Pls fix I can't get on to Ifunny. It says that oops there were some internet WiFi things that sent working but I am on my house WiFi and I tried closing the app and restarting it but it still won't work. So then I uninstalled and reinstalled but it still didn't let my on . I can't een login to my account. Pls I need Ifunny I only have 5000 pics from u guys pls helpmight be addicted to Ifunny but whatever
It's good I give it 5 stars its a must have for everybody who wants to have a good time even though they don't want to get up and have a good time you know outside and stuff
I'm addicted I can't put down my phone. I have myself locked in my bedroom and my phone glued to my hands. No one can disturb me when I'm on this app.
Always something that makes me laugh Not every single thing will make you laugh, but there's enough content that pretty much anyone will get a smile out of it...even my husband, who gets irritated when I'm constantly bugging him while he's trying to do something with my LOOK AT THIS
Best app I use this app 7 days a week 365 days a year, it is literally better than food... well... not better than food but it's really good
Why no candy I just came for candy i dont see candy you liers imma go cry in a corner now
Yup Never wasted time like this before. And I won't ever do it any other way.
Life gone This is a great thing to help with all your procrastinating needs. It provides hours of nonstop mostly fun. Recomended
Awesome This app is sooo awesome. Anytime I get bored I just go on ifunny and it makes me feel better
Ifunny THIS APP IS AMAZING except you have to be tough on haters cause they do like to push u around alot,OTHER THEN THT THIS APP IS AMAZINGGG
App is amazing Honestly, ive spent my entire life on this app. My husband has left me. Kids are gone. Dog is even giving me judgemental looks now. But i have to go now, i hear the thoughts saying to go back there now.
Awesome A few suggestions.. I just love iFunny I have a few suggestions, one is to have a Total Smiles Tally to show how many smiles an account has caused overall, kinda like the daily counter but just next to how many subscribers, and how many subscriptions one has. Also, a way for you to be able to tell how many posts you have made would be nice. I know other people can see, but you can't tell how many you yourself has posted. All in all, great app
Funny with everything and anything This app is one of the best when you are bored, nervous, relaxed, anything  it will intertain you anywhere
Great Love this app its the only thing that can get me through my terrible day, iFunny is that only thing that prevents me from sticking my head in a noose and ending it all, lol jk its a good app
Ifunny is my life This app is the best thing ever. I get 60 new features everyday and I have looked at all of them for the past 3 years. I love this app and I use it everyday
Best It's amazing. It's right there when I need something to laugh about. Just wish it wouldn't need wifi since I don't have data
Ads seem fixed I love Ifunny. It is a very cool app.  But, on there, ads will ruin your day. No problems or complaints here except the fact ifunny does not allow me to post comics. Also, could you add an inifunny chat service A lot of people want it. And for the love of God please fix your errors. I get errors about internet connection problems, when clearly it is not my internet that is the problem.
Small flaw Get rid of the cool down. I much prefer before when there was no cool down. Please I've been using ifunny since it was first released, I still remember the original format, and how people always wanted a sub feature, and you gave it to us, now all I want is the cool down timer for posts to be gone.
