Great game Only problem when tried update wont let me load bk up now tryied everything possible hapened when uploading facial update lost 14 Yes 14 Seasons cant play game at all
Great game very additive Very good game lots or fun and very additive. Haven't played a manger game for awhile. Can be tricky to get your head around at first but once you get the hang of it, it's great. A bit pricy but if you stick with it, it'll be worth it
Hurry up FMH 16 FMH 15 was the best handheld version. But I'm in desperate need of the next edition. Champ Man 16 is already out and it's driving me mad how crap it is compared to FMH. Please hurry or at least give us a expected date of release like you have done for PC version
its good but need room of improvement Its good on android with the new engine but as the pc version have more variety then handheld...it will be cool if developer inplement the false nine on handheld like the pc version and also under 18s reserve and also hire assistance coach like the pc ,overall its a good game
Challenge accepted sort if game There'll come a time where the team your playing with will lose. Thats when you have to use your tactics and swap the players around. Great game 5 stars
Brilliant dont know what people complain for I fully love this game on all platforms one of the only games I play cant wait for the 2016 version
Good game. Good game but very similar to 2014. When is FM Touch coming to the Lenovo A10 tablet Proper indepth FM whilst on the go appeals to me far greater than this watered down version.
Best handheld football manager game out there This game is far from perfect. The simulation can be idiotic sometimes Bromley beat Man Utd 30 or whatever and the interface is... Less than amazing. But this is by far the most enjoyable and complete football manager game out there. I bought it on a whim and have not put it down since. I much prefer the desktop version but when you can't play that, this is perfect.
The best Fantastic for the footy fanatic gets better every year only downside is the in game purchases I understand the fact u charge for a sudden cash injection but to charge to manage an international side I think is slightly unfair. Other than that the game is faultless. Some people seem to forget that mobile phones and tablets dont and cant run to the specs of a computer
