Best app on Android This is by far my most favorite app of all time. The things this app makes possible is unbelievable If your device is rooted this app along with Secure Settings is the must have. I no longer need custom ROM's, Just root and use this to make my phone completely customized just the way I want. I will say if your not someone who is computer savvy this maybe a scary looking app to start... However there are allot of resources on the web to make you a pro using tasker in no time.
This is the reason I'll never buy an iPhone If you have a minimal amount of programming aptitude, Tasker opens up a world of possibilities to make your smartphone even smarter. It's not always the most intuitive interface, and it can be quirky sometimes, but if you can imagine it, there's a good chance Tasker can do it.
I love tasker Among other thing I use it for I work a day and night shift pattern and so set tasker to read a Google calendar I set up for working, sleeping and commuting and applying a profile preset for each one. Took time to set up, but once done I only had to manage my rarely changing calendar. Its complex if you want it to be, but so useful even for light use.
Absolutely Essential App This app puts you in charge of how your phone works, and makes the term smartphone live up to its name. Want to automatically silence your phone at work Done. Dim the screen before bedtime Easy. Automatically open a music ago when you plug in headphones Oh yeah. The amount of customization is limited only by your imagination
great app in the hands of people who know what they're doing. with every phone the way I use tasker changes, but I always find something for which I need it. right now I use it to correct one of Samsung's most baffling design mistakes, currently i've got several tasks working together to ensure my screen is immediately turned off if it turns on for no good reason.battery full, battery charging, charger unplugged, home button pressed in pocket, headset plugged in
Absolutely THE BEST app on the market. If you put the effort into learning it, you can make some amazing projects.  Most of the one and two star reviews are from people who think it's too hard or wanted it to do one specific thing that it can't do often because of Android OS limitations.  It does require some investment in time to learn it but the results are well worth it.  This app is the best reason there is to choose Android over IOS.
Very powerful Not the easiest app to apprehend, but this app is what really differentiate Android from IOS I currently use it to switch ON and OFF my htpc by voice command, to enter in Car Mode automatically when the phone connects to the car, etc. Please keep up the good work
Unlimited potential but hard to learn I've been working on this for a while now and made some sweet things. If your good with tech and trouble shooting  go for it
the best Android automation feature request, build in cpu performance graph to get more battery juice. so we can know which code is the most efficient. example  creating 2 profile  with same goal, the 1st and 2nd has different code but has same goal. but this guy don't know which is the most efficient for his battery and cpu and memory usage...
Best Android App Ever No contest here. Tasker takes the title by a long shot. If you like having full control of your phone and being able to automate almost anything, you need this app. Worth every penny
