Have had this for years It's  one of the few games I'll  install on my phones, in in game purchases and it's  worth the buck to have no BS  banners
Relaxing and Brilliantly Configured Dear Developer, I thought that I would support your great effort by paying for it. A THING TO CONSIDER, though the Statistics for my years of Reversi Free are not added to this one so they are all lost.  That said, thank you very much for a superb game. It is my No.1 absolute favourite game at Google Play It is a very quick game, which sharpens the mind and yet, is not time consuming
SMN910A 5.1.1 Works...thank you, no special permissions
Good way to kill time Win some lose some
Fun entertainment It's a thinking game. Love it.
Simply sweet
Request...... I own a few of your full paid versions. Love them all. Any chance of doing a Solitaire card game with that great card style in your other card games
The HIT Factory This is my 7th paid app from AI Factory. Their apps play well and run without glitches. AI are the good guys.
They don't get any better than this. I have all of their games and they're all excellent. A couple of years ago I requested a game by email, called Ludo, I never heard back but I'd still love it if you'd consider making it. There are no decent ones in the Play Store.
Reversi Great game. Easy to play...but some challenges.
great game, not bad at all.
Fav Fun starts on level 8
Very good
SG Note III
Fun. Fun way to pass the time.
Yes A very good free game
Love it Fun way to pass the time. Good app. Never fails
Awesome Great game and worth buying to get rid of ads.
Best game I've loved this game othello for every then I find this in the game store... Oh boy Played it and man I now have my favorite game with me always
Love Magnificent work on all your apps. This one definitely just as awesome
Luv it Luv it Luv it Luv it,absolutley fab
HTC DESIRE A8181 WORKS AND BEAUTIFUL GRAPHICS
Simply great
Played free version for months. Upgraded to reward developer for making such a quality game.
Great app, excellent. Very addictive  improve your strategy.
Excellent little game, well worth the price.
The absolute best keyboard. Easy to use and setup.Try it you won't regret it
