A definite  time eater This small, tiny game makes you to sit for hours with your buddies. Doesn't need much graphics,memory,battery yet makes you addictive. But single player mode is not present and phone backlight goes off during play. And it could be epic if online playing is enabled.
Total Time Pass  You want to defeat your opposite player or players. This game apps is a total time pass and great package to support any android versions. I am a fan of this game. Warm Thanks to dedicated developers for a such interactive game apps. Thanks a lot..
Addicted A brilliant strategy game. Master the rules, and you're the master of the game. Need practice though,  but it's so much fun that it doesn't seem very tedious.  DOWNLOAD NOW
Fun and intense game My classmate invited us to play with him in his cp and now we are addicted Just a easy game you can win just by tapping on the screen.
Single player This game is absolutely addicting. I love it and my friends love it but I really think there should be some kind of single player function, just so you can play it by yourself if no friends are available. Maybe different difficulties too.
No one player option, it'll be more fun if online option can be included, and less power usage that's great, thanks for the developers.Creates lot of fun with friends
mind blowing n fabulous...... m speech less...I thnk its one of the smallest n finest game...one of the best game for frnds....in college n classes...loved it
awesome fun with friends this game is very addictive  and you can go on playing it with your friends for hours. it does not consume a lot of battery so travelling with friends is now more funn
Awesome All my family play it and we have lots of fun sad that apple doesn't have it  but I play it on android tabletbso its ok
Superb one Love it...a small game holds us to sit for long hours .....addicted to it.....superbly done....nice game
There should be a single player. I mean you need to fight with a CPU or stage by stages.. Great game
Amazing time eater It is a must download game dude ....... doesn't need anything much like memory graphics but a lot of fun .... 
Addicted Love this game a lot. I wish it has a single player too. At times I feel like having a good opponent.
Aweosme game in a small size I love the game a lot. It's very addictive. Just the app icon is very ugly, please make it better so I could get it on my home screen.
Good game I was recommend by my friend to download it first I didn't understand it but I later did it is an excellent game to play with Friends.
Awesome Absolutely awesome. At this size, the game delivers hours of fun with friends. Highly recommended. Go for it.
Just Awesome This game is unmatched in terms of graphics and gameplay. Just 148 kb download and you have the best strategy game ever. Only thing missing is online gameplay. If it had been then......
Best Simple Multiplayer IMO The rules are simple and it takes a little thinking to be better at this game than your friends. It's a very good way to kill time.
An Ultimate brainstorming Game I am amazed by the idea, the graphics, and the gameplay No alternatives  THE ONE AND ONLY CHAIN REACTION
Boredom Killer  Friendship Builder Thumbs up Superb app, made me and my friends enjoy while killing the time vacant hours during classes. Haha
Cool I rarely actually rate an app but this one I had to.. low size, no special permissions and hours of addictive gameplay are just few of the reasons why I gave it a five. Keep it up   
Super awesome This tiny app of 148 kb is super awesome but m worried that i lose my half day in playing just cant keep it ..... me n my buddy play all time 
Truly addictive It's a total time eater and fun to play with friends. Cool game, hope den will come up with more games like this.
Astounding app Simply captivating n does not eat up space.......goes on all smart phones Keep developing such games....
Brilliantly engineered Perfectly absorbing and vehemently addicting. Rejoice the time I spend with my friends knocking them out. It would also be a nice option to play online with Facebook, Google friends. See if you can incorporate it.
