So addicted This by far my favorite game of its type they just keep adding stuff special troops, magic, defences and with the diff ways to playclassic war, conquest, and events Try it you'll probably agree
To the players It is part of the game to get attacked and get beat by stronger players, the Bright Side is there is plenty of loot to be taken... you just have to know how to get it....upgrade your Troops, Archers are, awesome and spells Freeze and Earthquake especially, remember Slow and Steady Wins the Race, ENJOY and Happy Gaming
End game is amazing. So initially I was not super impressed with this game. However once you get into a good clan and learn to drop your honor points the endgame gets really fun. Tournaments are way cool.
Jr coolitz I love this game... but pls remove the downloading additional content.. pls fix it.
Free diamonds don't work I've tried playing the games for free diamonds and it doesn't work when you get the amount of points needed to earn the free diamonds
Loved it but... Can u put a cancel button when ur building I would appreciate it a lot.
SWEEEEEEET cool game not too easy n requires alot of thinking lol good for ppl who like strategy games
It's fun at first, but upgrades get costly, to make money need to battle takes to long to save up.
Like the game hope I can open this game from Android to ios Pls make it happen others can do that but why can't you
Nice game but now it wasn't open after loding profile
Most innovative gameplay in this genre Constant tournaments keep people active and happy with prizes.  2 kinds of clan wars add diversity. Leagues are also present
Best ever This game was amazing.it is so fun.get it now.
Samurai siege Great game but prizes need to be a bit better for events
Great game Fix the glitch, add Change Name feature please , and sometimes war notification doesn't appear..
Awesome Addictive and awesome You can play this game over a period of time
Always loading profile... can't enter this game..
Samurai Siege is Back Recent Update fixed the lag, Thank You Very Much Space Ape y'all deserve 5 Stars.  Please add the Mexican Flag.
Great game Awesome  Must try
Good Cool
GREAT GAME FIRST ITS HARD TO UNDERSTAND IT BUT WHEN YOU GET IT ITS FUN AND I AM AN ADICT TO THIS GAME 
I like it but one thing i don't like is that  everything cost too much to upgrade
