Very good Best game to play on mobiles than some dumb games. Improves analytics , statergy , memory
Best on play store Chess lovers. Use this app. You can't find a better chess game app on play store. This is the best. Worth downloading
Simply chess. Me and my kid can sit together with this free chess app and mature ads DO NOT POP UP. I spent a dollar or two on fallout shelter lunchboxes, i may donate shortly. Your Devs must be intense as hell to be able to finish something like this and then... leave it alone to move on to better things. Overdevelopment is what kills a good franchise. Because sometimes vanillachocolate is right by itself. Moto G cyanogenmod 10 id give more stars.
Excellent app This is a perfect chess app The only thing I don't like is that the CPUs go really hard on you. Other than that, it's great
Excellent Loved this game. Anybody can learn good chess n practise.If u can innovate new carrom game also then it will b highly appreciable. Presently not a single carrom game app is attractive.
Perfect The perfect time waster when I'm bored at work or just waiting around. A great way to brush up on my very rusty chess skills. I love it.
Amazing Chess Game Worth downloading....really good time pass...and the game is well designed and equipped with popup descriptions of moves by CPU.....other than rules and illustrations of complex rules....really superb...I enjoy this game....
Really helpful Before i played this i had no understanding of the game. But now im winning and more confident in my skill
Great game. Can't stop playing My chess has improved out of sight... Still great Playing at level 6 now and still loving it
Great chess engine Uses treebeard and is very challenging on its higher difficulties. update lol at players complaining that the app is too difficult. Trust me u want a strong AI
Great Just started playing. Can't stop playing. Im learning a lot from this so and I'm so glad it doesn't have ads. Hopefully you guys can make tutorials on defending and attacks. Keep up the good work
Awesome App Dear Team, Thank you so much for this wonderful chess app. I am enjoying every single board and its really addictive.  Thanks again and All the best.  Keeo up the good work guys Cheers Abu
I enjoy it...I am new to chess...this app really helps you understand your missteps...allows,you to see your mistakes..Where learning was frustrating before I really enjoy it now...graphics are beautiful as well
Really good chess app I'm still learning moves and tactics and all but this app is really good, not too easy and not impossible either, just fair, and not full of nasty ads.
Excellent chess app, very versatile. Would be nice to have the estimated elo of different difficulties easily available
Hint can be improved I felt  is still using the same strategy as  in most cases, so when an alternate option of a sacrifice with better prospects in future is available I haven't seen that presented as others noted sometimes it's very predictable even at level 12, so missing some fun
I'm a total chess newbie, but I really like this app, helping me with my tactics and is fun. Haven't found any glitches so far. I am still rubbish however, and the computer beats me more often than not. Yes, even on easy.
Excellent Excellent game, all these levels, tutors, challenges are unique. Never seen anywhere else.
Versatile with good graphic style Easy and versatile setting of options, beautiful graphic style of the whole app  lots of options for play level, tutorials, game saving etc. Most recommendable
Chess Chess fun,  works well to datefrom 1782015. Have had lots of fun  for  hours.  If I had to find fault,  it would be  how do you put this down , as its so good. It would be better without advertising but that said the developers have done well,  beholden  thanks .
Great for Newcomers I am just now learning how  to play chess and this app is perfect I can learn from mistakes the undo feature or get help from the hint feature. Thanks
