Best in car timer  data system Absolutely amazing track day app.  Preload tracks and it does everything else even overlaying GPS data on video.  Systems costing hundreds of dollars more don't even compare...
One thing i would recommend is the ability to add another phone or gopro like the ios version for android.
Perfect for what I do I've used HLT for a pair of track days and for numerous autocross events. It gives a lot of feedback that can be used to improve your driving.
Harry's Laptimer Great app for when you do trackdays
Lap timer is great  S4 This is an awesome program and developer supports it 100
Amazing customer service Still working with the developer to deal with stage rally usage work arounds. Awsome to deal with on several occasions
Best you can get for track days
Great app, fantastic support Best track day app available. Easy to use, fantastic data overlays, and featureoptions rich. And on top of being a great app, Harry's support is second to none. Fast responses.
It's great I love this app save thousands and use your phone to record scca events.
Harry's Laptimer Brilliant
Neat app...
Great app Works well one you get the initial configuration done.
This is the best app on the Play store Works great on my S4
Loved it Really helpfull
Amazing app Not even just an amazing app that does a million things to make your tracking experience better, it goes above and beyond to make this even better by allowing 3rd party accessories to take it to another level.   Also the developer is readily available to discuss any issues and makes the fastest fixes I have ever seen in any app.   I have downloaded tons of apps. Liked tons of them. This is the only one I have ever rated. It's that good.
Superb A very powerful app once you learn how to use it. I didn't appreciate its capabilities until I took my car to a track day. Video overlay is my favorite feature. The phone will process the OBD overlay so there is no need to post process the data on your home PC. Amazing app, and Harry's online forum answered all my tough questions.
Recommended for track enthusiasts Initially i had problems getting the device working properly. After spending 20 and not working. I was upset. After sending an email out, it was answered very quickly. It was user error. Although the overlay seems slightly faster than the video itself. Im sure fiddling with it will fix. Thanks for the help.
