My experience This is something everyone should have especially women for safety. If you are ever seperated from your car or phone a least law enforcement will have something to go on. So get in the habbit and use it.
It Works Perfectly Went to a concert last night so I decided at the last minute to download this app. What a life saver  It easily took us straight to our car while others aimlessly wandered around looking for theirs. Thank you for making our night even better This is a must have app
Simple and works Nothing too fancy or difficult. I use it all the time when I go out. My friends love it when I pull it out and get us back to our car. Great
Good good app Just downloaded this app and asoon as I switched the app on bang straight away spoted me right down to the corner of the close...l will never lose my motorbike or car again keep up the good work excellent thank you. .....5 stats for such a good app
Excellent Best one I've used yet.  I love the directional arrow. Very easy to navigate.
Great App As a full time camper, I naturally want to avoid getting lost at new campground. So, one of the first things I do after I set up camp is use this app to pinpoint the position of my campsite.  Then, no matter where I wander off to... even deep in a forest... I can always and easily find my way back.
Best app purchase ever Due to a head injury from an accident 9 months ago, I often find myself turned around and confused as to where I am exactly and where the hell I pkd.... this gets me to my car EVERYTIME.   A million thanks,  Dev
Amazing First time I used it. Works perfectly. In a huge parking lot with thousands of cars it led me EXACTLY right to my car. Install this for sure. It works great
Saved me last night My knee was hurting and when I got out of the movies the mall had closed the entrance I had used.  I was lost and limping but your app took me right to my car.  Easy to use and accurate.
Works great Ever have a moment where you come out of your every day stressful job and think to yourself, where the hell you left your ride  This app eliminates that question.  Park it and close it then open it when you're dazed and confused to locate.  Easy peezy
It worked First GPS car locator that actually worked. Keep up the great job. Thank you.
Great app. I just used this app and it did awesome. I always forget where I Park and at times get frantic when I realize I have no idea where I parked.  I went to a fair and tested this app and it took me right to my car.  THANK YOU
Works U routed a few before deciding to bug this one because it works well. For my car in huge parking lots quickly
Samsung Galaxy II Great app One button to mark. Then follow the big arrow to find your car afterwards. Tested it several times at supermarkets and my place of work. It brings me right next to my car or within 2030 feet. If you still can't find your car, you need a new pair of glasses. The app is essentially a location marker. I suppose it can be used to mark anything that one may want to come back to later, particular in areas that I am not familiar with. Not expensive. Bought it. Recommended.
Lost campsite Thanks to the app found the site. Have to use some common sense as map did not load due to poor data signal.
Never lost Since installing this app we have never lost our car in big parking lots.  Thanks
Nice app especially when parking in unfamiliar side road in the city. So far so good. Have not encountered any problem in locating where I parked. I love the parking meter timer. Keep up the good work.
Does just what I need. Helps to find the car in large parking lots or in strange towns. Very helpful.
Very good Works well. Doesn't conflict with any of my other apps. No spam yet.
Works as advertised I have used this app for a couple of month and am very pleased with it.
Nice to play with Also got me back to my car. I need something to guide me besides my wife.
Car locater Good app love it .Recently  had the misfortune of getting lost in San Francisco at night but thanks to the car locator finding my car was a snap I give it 5 stars out of 5 stars excellent app
Good little app Used for the first time    yesterday at Paignton zoo, 5000 cars in Park found mine first time whoopee
Excellent Application I've never used a more useful and easy to use application.  Kudos to the developers
My car locator Great app I have had it work in parking garages
Does it right always. This the only one out of all highly rated that performes excellently always, above the rest.
Works as advertised Works like a champ Used it at the state fair and it put me within FOB range surrounded by large trucks.
