Awesome game This is a fun game but I wish there were more thing you could scan and you can pick what u want over all great game.
Cutie patutie She is so nice and cute oh and her outfits ahhhhh great desighns well I am a fashion expert and I give her a five star if there was a 1000,000,000 stars I would give it that number stars
This game rocks When I say its awesome I mean the awesome when u get all the toys you have wanted for years all at once, haters go ahead and hate because some ppl just really don't care, tab tales keep making games I have never seen a game where only one level is locked and I'm truly fine with it being locked BC I have three others this is awesome once again
Love so cute So cute please get this game It's the best game in my life omg So so cute
Oh my gosh when I got on it I was like omg god its sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much fun TY TAB TAIL I love your game'sty you sooooooooooo much tab tail I love tab tail
I love it's amazing game don't download this game if you don't have it its really fun but I read it before because the games there is so many apps
Very funny but.... You should unlock the farm plz if u could do that for us be the the parts are very fun to
Oh my gosh This game is so awesome the little characters and they are so cute too bad the barn is locked I really wish the barn wasn't locked.
Loved it It is the best game you can do whatever you want. And cook what you want and download it,s the best of the best trust me
Cute   So adorable  and creative  too bad haters
This is me it was great me Emma was 5 Cooper so much 5  so it's a great game for you and your kids.
It is awesome but pls make its MB a little less not 80mb 
Great game This game is a great game and also there is one part is locked wich is the barn I hope it unlocks 
Awesome I just started playing and its so fun I can't stop playing and they're sooooo cute
I  lt3 this game First of all I'm a girl second of all you have to get this game it has 3 different activities.
Loving the new best game Cool game I ever ed play ed in my hole life even in my it's awsome awsome awsome I love it somuch
It is really fun I just wish there were more than 4 worlds
Love this game So cool this game blew up my mind so cool
Amazing...... I loved this app. Its so cute n adorableeee.........n fun too.....
Awesome I couldn't believe it this game is the best game I ever seen . Actually love it.But most small children play it.Like 4 or 5
BEST GAME EVER I will never delete this game best game ever in you don't have to buy nothing in that is good
