Impressed When I saw the app I was like aw OK maybe a cool game. I watched the video for it and thought yeah definitely a good game. I downloaded it and I'm hooked. Theme music is sweet too Now don't get too crazy with new things app wise just keep this as nice as it is. No bugs, crashes, etc. Back on my cartoon network ppl
GREAT This game is great but the boss battle takes all day just to kill him and when you do kill him let's just say  there will be a chocher surprise about the boss but the games good its my favorite for now if you play the game for to long it will get boring but it's Still fun and if you got a problem with the game  it's something rong with your phone on tablet
  This is a reminiscent of the Japanese Dodge ball games back in snes. Utilising touch screen technologies to streamline the controls. Excellent idea,although the app hangs at times, it doesn't interfere the game progress. I am confident the dev would patch the game so 5 stars. Thanks for letting me live the Dodge ball era once again
so good just finished the thirtieth level after lots of tries. can't wait to start arcade mode now.
Great game Reminds me 100 of super dodgeball on the gameboy advance. 5 for this game is a solid price as it won't require any purchasing in the game to progress.
Lots of fun Characters have their uniqueness like the show, graphics are nice Game play is challenging because you have to block the different types of dodgeballs and take advantage of field boosts and special abilities. Yeeeeeyeaahhhh
Futuristic Fun Way better than expected, worth every penny. When it gets to level 27, gets hecka hard though. Still a great game.
Soooo much potential This game is fun as hell...but it could be so much better. There be be an online mode. As well as an leveling sytem and coin system, where yu can by special dodgeballs and power ups. There should also be where yu can unlock more specials...maybe even throw in some armor....jus something to thing about..this game could be big...real big
Great Game I love it I'm hooked got to level 27 in two days but I can't get past it. Soooooo hard hahah. This is so worth 3 dollars im going to look at similar games now....
Regular Show Uhoooooo Sper adictivo y genial juego de quemados, seria aun mas genial si hubiera mas voces de los personajes
Love this Game and the show Even though im old sometimes i get bored...hope you game designer are making a way for this Game to be online 
Awesome I completed all the levels and then i unlocked future pops
To easy Allready completed the game I have all the characters like the healer handyman cyber skunk is last
Awsome I just updated and I already been playing it for three hours
Awsome I love it. Even though Thomas isn't at the park anymore make him a character. Love it beat all storymde
