App Review Great Game, Thanks for the App.
Word serch I liked the app it is a lot of fun
Nice Like it
Great word search Wish you could disable touch screen temporarily.
Word Search Great fun and plenty of levels to keep you amused. Thanks
Challenging Love to see how i am in catagories of interest
Love it, lots of options and challenging
Word search Word search very good.mike roose
Addicted Awesome game
Loving it
Enjoyable 5
Cool Cool
Woot woot  Paaaazrrrrrttty
Nyla Rehman This a fantastic app and it quick , simple and very easy to use
Awesome Game
 Very Fun To Play
I love this app. Definitely recommend for word search lovers. Loads of word searchs on lots of different categories Would be fantastic if they keep added categories as time goes on as im addicted and think il complete them all very soon.
Best tool for improving child's vocabulary Simple...lucid...mind teasing bonous words....varied no of topics....simpky addicted to it. About to finish all topics. Expecting a whole new set of new WORD SEARCH.....AS EXCITING AS ALWAYS. I have recommended all my students....as I am a teacher plus to the parents....to the extent that have transferred the game immediately through XANDER ...waiting for a nother set of challange....
Simple to use, challenge to play I love this game It has four levels quick, easy, tough, challenge. Each level the number of letters on the board increases. There is a myriad of themes or topics. I have been playing this for weeks and have not become bored or found it becoming too easy. I bet you will enjoy this game too.
It cool time consuming.love it
Wow Awsome Game I have been looking for such a game. This is a family game will be popular with elders and youngers alike.
I love this game so much I love this game  It has four levels,quick,easy,tough,challenge,each levels has deferen words.. I love it I love it I love it
Great fun.. I have played several types of Word Searches, this app is one of the best.. I love the variety of themes.. Don't even notice the adds. My favorite is the Champ round I have to use a dictionary for some of the words.
Great game  This is definitely a great time killer and one of the best word search games I've played so far. I really like the variety of themes on the puzzles aslo. Keep up the great work 
Its amazing. Moreover,it has many levels and several topics. I cannot keep my phone down because of it.
Spontaneous I just want more hints thou i really njoy thia game I totally salute the maker of word search
