Great lifesaving app I've had Storm Shield for over a year. I wasn't getting weather notifications to my phone so I contacted support via email. I got a respone almost immediately with instructions on how to correct the problem. They even sent a test alert for my phone to assure I was getting notifications. Thank you Scott Werkema for all your help
Amazing App It really works great. The people who it does not work for probably either have an out dated rock phone or they do not know how to set it up correctly. Have never had an issue. Thanks and keep up the great work.
Great App to have I love this app. It keeps me up to date on our afternoon thunder boomers that roll through here. It's also good in tracking tropical storms  hurricanes, preparedness and communication is the key for a good outcome in these situations..
Great way to keep on top of weather I had this for the Samsung Galaxy Nexus and I've just recently downloaded it from the Google Play Store on my new phone it comes in handy especially when you have a power outage
Storm Tracker Awesome Weather Radio for your phone. Follows you wherever you go plus you can track several there locations also to check on weather at friends or family's areas.
Fast and accurate info I use this app for serious weather advisories at work and home. When we're directed to take cover at work, I find this trustworthy in determining employee safety. Great resource
Superb Finally a weather alert app that works Since I purchased this app a few days ago the National Weather Service has issued three heat advisorys for my selected locations and this app delivered these alerts to my device in each case promptly as soon as they were issued. The app has many other features that I also find appealing but the fact that the alert feature can be depended apon is itself worth 5 stars.
Excellent App You really need this one. It's very accurate. There's a very professional and dedicated team behind it. Hits our go to for critical up to the minute weather information.  Good job guys
My only weather app This is pretty much on the money and helps keep my family safe
Fantastic Have had this app for about a year, and it has never let me down...no matter where I have been.  When it comes to uptotheminute timely warnings...this is the best of the best.
Life saving app This app provides the user with very accurate and very fast location based warnings.  If your location is within the warning box, you will be warned.
Storm Shield Love the accuracy and notices of severe weather.
Wonderful app to warn of weather concerns and to keep abreast of the weather wherever you may be
Good looking weather app I think it needs updates for graphics enhancements for radar maps and more settings,and an area for a video howto or instructions for use of app.there should be a option to change the voice i like the regular noaa weather voice.i really hope its as accurate as it says that what ive been looking for,living near Dallas tx tornado ally a app like this is a must have,if your anywhere away from anything tellin you the sever  weather safety first
ED Love this app because it is extremely helpful and important when you are out and about or when you are at home. This app has really helped when I am traveling from city to city
Best app for weather I've found, tytyty
Stay safe with the Storm Shield app Great app that really does the job.  Keep you and your family safe and aware
