Love it I love the game but everytime when u take a test u have to choose a answer and some of the answers haves. Where u can't even c them then the teacher brings ur grade down and sometimes u have a break down. I wish when u take a test the game choose the answers for u and u get it right.I also wish that when ppl go in ur room they don't steal ur stuff or move it around cuz on hard time i hide my stuff behind the bed so ppl wont c it but will eventually steal it.
Private Student. Having Fun With This CRAPPY Guys Bullying,Shouting,Fighting And Use Baseball In The Face And Lost His Tooth. ha Ha Ha
Interesting OK the peeps are ugly but nice game I actually finished the game good job mdickie For like a whole week my mind was just on the game  FYI if you want to pass this game avoid fighting and carry a musical instrument
BEST. Tbh, all ya'll that are complaining about ugly charecters... I honestly think that he made them ugly so he could do better gameplay. I mean, think about him, working his butt off. He probably had to make them fast Aside that, this is an awesome real gamer's game. It's absolutley fantastic.
Amazing game I'm like addicted to it the only thing I would change is not showing an add every time you go to sleep it would be really appreciated
I enjoyed it.  But im pissed off when the controls disappeared..  like..  im on my record of not having any trouble when my controls are gone he start fighting everybody..  please fix it    gtgt  is it just me or the controls disappear when the brain is out of energy  Cause when it turns red the controls are gone while its gaining energy again and the yellow line is back my controls are backs.  OBSERVATIONS  feed your player 
So fun It is amazing so fun  I love mdickie games it doesn't mess up
What a Genius game Love it. This is the perfect game for me. It has all the type of game that i wished to have. Its like i usualy go to school, taking classes, exams, and all the type of what if problems of being a highschool student. The only problem of mine is the characters could you make it  beautiful Haha thats all. Thanks for the maker of this game. You're genius. 
I love it I love it but I just want to know something's is it based on life or death smart and dumb in school is it worth losing  your mind is it worth Dieing and waking in a new happy life and fight without a family is it worth having a girlfriend or a boyfriend   and have them cheat on you is it IS IT just think for a bit
Hilarious This game is so much fun. I never go to class kids stay in school lol. Is it bad to say that I just want to beat ppl up in this game Lol. Love this game.
Liked it I liked this game its so intresting but only one thing is that when you have a test i almost get down because the answers are wrong plzz try making it easy so that we can success and thanks
Awesome game but... The teachers always murder me Also ppl always steal stuff from me an claim it as theirs, they always get away with it I also hate the fact that the controls suddenly go away and I start killing ppl Maybe try updating it more often and fix the game. Love it, love MDickie, Game on students 
It's really chaotic lol The game is just chaotic as hell and anything goes really haha the key to not losing control of your character is to keep your mental health high, for all you butthurt people complaining about the game. A true gamer will enjoy this app tbh. I love it 
THE BESSSST I'm addicted I like this more then sims freeplay  it the best.. but make you're mental health last longer... BUT I LOVE THISSSSSSS GAME SOOOOOOOOO MUCH
I love it Anyone who hates this game cant be a good gamer. I played for 30 minutes and knocked 2 people unconscious, beat up a teacher, caused an all out fight between teachers and students, escaped school, set people people on fire, and had obama as a president, I almost killed someone and he said that I was innocent
Matthew Swartz I love it .Also make it where there a mall with the grocery,hardware and furniture shops are in and there's a coffee shop where you sit down and order coffees for like 11 and also make it where your boyfriend or girlfriend asks if you're ready to take the relationship to a new level and have kids and get married and if you like don't get to the place she wants to try have kids on time she dumps you . Good game.
