Happily paid the big price for what is an excellent product.  This game is fantastic, and is really sets a fantastic bar for what can be achieved.  Utterly brilliant on a big TV with a SHIELD AndroidTV.  Highly recommended.   Other publishers take note...
Had Galaxies on the Wii and was thrilled to see an Android port. Great game but really needs a controller for the true experience, which is why i was disappointed that it wasn't compatible with my Nexus Player. But this latest version IS and it's nearly everything I hoped. I say nearly because the Smart Bomb buttons don't work on my USB controller, but that's probably just my controller.
Thanks for the update. Great game I've been playing this series since it was a hidden game in PGR on the Xbox, I have played this version of this game on my shield portable before any real support from the devs. Thank you for making this game shield TV compatible. One more thing I can't access my cloud save from the mobile version.
This game is AWESOME  The perfect game for SHIELD Android TV.  It's so addicting, I can't stop playing it  I have to force myself to stop, otherwise I just keep playing and playing.
Perfect and it supports shield TV now
Really fun Love all the fields. It's OJ on a phone, but really shines on the nvidia Android tv
Awesome Game is fun
Great game, no complaints so far. Looks good. The auto aim is great, you'll need it because touchscreens are the worst. Almost no fps drops, sometimes it does but a lot of stuff is happening at once.
Perfect mobile game. So intense,  it'll make any trip to the bathroom or visit with grandma go that much quicker when you're going trough these levels. It almost seems like this series is was erected for mobile platforming to begin with. Fast and quick to pick up. Totally worth the 2 price tag.
I can't feel my legs anymore. An absolute must game for your new powerhouse tablet or phone. Worth the price, always consistent fps and the brilliant modes ensure you spend your life away on the toilet.. Your legs will rot, your eyes will stay stuck and your pizza night get cold.. So beware. Would love in game support for using stored music while playing.
BEST GAME EVER. Been an avid fan of Geo Wars for years and have checked every few months with fingers crossed for a port one day... and that day has come Seriously, great game, endless hours of pew pew
Phenomenal Game My thumbs hurt so bad from squeezing my phone, i love it.   This is the first game that has pulled me away from Clash of Clans.  Thanks  Oh and auto aim is a good idea but i learn to use both thumbs.  Itll be better in the long run.
Finally a game I will play on my phone Totally awesome. Love it. Loved playing it on the 360 and love this just as much. Thank you.
Best game I have played So great to be back in geometry wars. Nostalgic, intense and fun. Great adventure mode, and lots of variety. Worth every penny. But would have been even better with online competition and coop. And why can't I see leader board on the level screen But really that's nit picking. Touch control works just fine, and even though the frame rate dropped a little on my mid range asus tablet it was still fine to play
Easily one of the best games I've ever played Well worth the buy. Levels are innovative, the graphics are great, the game play fantastically entertaining. I just wish there were more levels, I'd keep playing endlessly.
JUST TOO SICK The originator finally on Android. Plz eliminate the Facebook garbage  implement a Google play leaderboard. Sony Xperia Z3
Best ever Superb game Well done No annoying ingame purchases so well worth it. Love it Recommended
Still love this game since retro evolved The best twin shooter on android. Many new type of enemy, stage challenge and weapon addition. Wish I could choose any stage layout I want and please bring back retro evolved weapon upgrade style with no orb multiplier
