0 To 260 in 13seconds is BADASS  I use a iPhone and I'm using my old lady's tablet witch gives you a whole new experience I love it You'll need to put up a caption that says MIGHT BE HABIT FORMING Thanks CM you guys hit pay dirt If you come across badboy52 lets run for pinks My Camero does 8.21s  in the 14 mi. This is BADB0Y52 And I forgot... MVP and won the BIG BLOCK Battle 2020 Twice The one mile  And let me know what is the ULTIMATE PRIZE Cuz I never got it  Lol
Nitro Nation IS REALLY, REALLY GOOD  Especially since newest version, more categories, cars, and No 'limited fuel amount' I look forward to racing daily. THIS May Soon Be THE TOP 'dragging' game on android Market.  Way to go devs Update Excellent customer service and all is well  Thank you NitroNation for all the help
Great game and graphics, only downside is trying to get icons for upgrades.  They make it extremely hard to get what you need
Great game and cars. Wish had more import select tions and body mods so ppl look diff
Gold coins or points In the previous drag racing rp was worth finding and not hard to get. Now, I don't know how to gain those gold points. If there was a way besides selling the parts, please let me know.
Pretty cool It was a cool game. Wish you didn't have to pay so much to get some actually cool stuff but it's still fun
Suer this was it Where I'm form see like no moer races in games I play of then this it fine only one ...but still fast most want it .Dk I wont make this game more cool LA ...ty soon ..I give this a 45
Great game Fun to play no stupid energy like most games would like to see pinstripes down the middle of the car overall great game
Great game Wish it gave had a more customisable options, dont want to be like the common rable do we now
Perfection at its best 1010 Overall an excellent game. Graphics and gameplay are superb. A wide range of cars and upgrades available. No wait time on upgrades and delivery of cars, which is a big game changer. If your looking for a drag racing game that offers stunning graphics and excellent gameplay, I would highly recommend.
Dope It's a really cool game I'm glad it has all the features it does some recent games lacked the quality of this game especially for a free game. Haven't found anything wrong yet definitely recommend it.
PERFECT DRAG RACING GAME PLEASE READ CREATIVE MOBILE This game is exquisite and outstanding the graphics are beautiful and crystal clear another thing the fact that you guys have accurate upgrade status is super sweet and the external customization makes the game even more awesome but can I make a suggestion what I think will make this game pop even more is more cars and I hope you read my comment creative mobile thank you.
Was my fav but... Well, this game is freaking awesome, its well designed, it gives you the chills as if you were behind the wheel it even ran smoothly on my tablet... until it became 'incompatible with my hardware' I know that it's the game's natural course. I'm not even mad, keep it great
Nice game, but a little advice Please add a feature where we can sell our unused cars, so maybe if somebody accidently buyed the wrong car, or got a free one, but heshe didn't like it, it can be sold. But this game is totally different than the other online drag games I found in play store, because it doesn't use energy bar on each race, also it's easy enough to beat the story mode and earning more game cash. And the game have totally awesome graphics. Well done CM
Fun You know what I'm actually enjoying this a lot, which is a feat. In itself because i am VERY picky on each and every game i install and this one still has my attention, hey great job dev's.  
Amazing Cannot stop playing I mean how have you done this Creative Mobile the graphics the Cars every little detail is so Amazing if I could it would be Infinity out of 10 So Amazing Love it another great job by CREATIVE MOBILE.
Better then the rest Good mobility in the game. Not so step by step as the others. Love that that you can just race and race and wout having to wait on regeneration Bullshit.
