Feature Recommendation Hey Mojang I'm a minecraft player and I've got a little feature that could possibly be integrated into minecraft to make it even more fascinating  MY IDEA When the player holds an item heshe is always holding the item on hisher right hand, I was thinking that if the personplayer checks left handed mode, the hand that player holds the item is also left handed I know it's not much of a big idea but surely it's something that'll make Minecraft even more unique Thank you...
NICE Love the new update with all the new doors and redstone I can now make my battleships look even better. One thing you should have added is redstone repeaters but can't argue with what has been added Hint to people playing with the daylight sensor you don't need a redstone torch to reverse the pulse, just tap the sensor and the top will go blue And it reverses pulse for you
Noticing a big glitch. My game will force close. I will lose a little progress. Such as items in my chest that I just put there being gone. If I have a chest open while transfering items and it force closes... I will lose over half the items from chest and inventory.
Such a good game Such a shame updates are slower than PC and Xbox but couldn't live without it
Cant anyone just be happy Remember your not paying monthly your paying once for all these new updates
Best game This is a very good game with all the new updates but the one thing I need is a  repeater I am setting up a door system but I need a few repeaters to finish it
The best The Never the experience of this game is fantastic the redstone its finally heard in MCPE AWSOME but no end no wither no enderdragans and no ender purls so in next update add them pls  can't wait for next update thanks for reading
Awesomeness Minecraft is so awesome I used to say Minecraft is stupid and useless, but really, Minecraft lets you build anything you put your mind into no matter what
just wanted to know when will we have Redstone and the end and armor stands and slime blocks and same with Xbox when will we have slime blocks and armor stands and in pe when will we have commands please answer
Epic game Its so good you can build loads of cool stuff and you can even even fight monsters
AMAZING Amazing Best game ever I can build , tame pets , explore and more I absolutely love the new update 0.13.0 We now have redstone, desert temples  rabbits What I would love is that if we could get more redstone related stuff such as pistons, repeaters etc. Can't wait till the new update I'd hope the next big update added horses because I adore them and would love it if they finally got added to the Pocket edition version of Minecraft. Thanks for making the best game ever Bai D
So fun I love it You can build houses and villages on creative and scavenge for materials on survival it is very very fun  Don't be put off by it costing money it is so amazing I hope you enjoy playing  The annoying thing is I really want to play with my brother but I can never get on his world by the way I have put local server multiplayer on have my WiFi connected plzz fix                                                              still 5 
I know have the new update. It took quite a while, I had to uninstall and reinstall the app. None of my worlds were taken away. So now I have 0.13.0, which is great...
I love it so cute I was so happy when the rabbits came so sweet and soft ., but can you please add name tags please if you can it would be great because it gets confusing when I have lots of the same animals can you also make the rabbits go on you head  If you can please reply.
I rate it 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 from 5 stars Minecraft won't start property,I need to exit and get back into it. It's my only problem on my SONY XPERIA J. All we need now is pcXbox inventory system, The End and Maps
No more glush Before update my cupit killed my anmils . they have rabbits now. But and sh the foot did something THE radston works like a charm and I have all,my stuff. Oh and what dose the news chast do
Needs A few more Redstone stuff for example Dispensers Also needs Hoppers Please don't chat me anymore on Google hangouts it causes lots of lag
Why am I still with the 'latest version' of 12.3.. when friends are using the 13.0. I am running on Cyanogenmod 12.5  Lollipop . Did I pay less  I used to give 5 stars for minecraft
added even more Added even more skin packs. Buttons, Lever's, and other Redstone devices. Mojang on my original review for version 0.11. Lots of bugs, nit enough items, at least they had infinite worlds. Now the nether, it world be even better if they added the end. 
