Quite Time Playing solitaire allows me quite time to clear and organize my thoughts. Just like the game, things fall into place when organizing is the mind's focus.
Love it I need to say that as a 17 year old student, it's nice to play a game like this when taking a small pause while studying. I would suggest this to friends, if they weren't so boringly addicted to COD.
Hello, I ENJOY playing this game.  This app. has various Challenges n may play to keep your scores to rank against others.  Have Fun   God BLESS
Great game I have this game on my phone, and 2 tablets. I play it while I'm at the barn while the horses eat their grain. It's habit forming.
I am enjoying this version. I just accept the adsthey're much shorter than commercials.  I love the speed and the ease of moving the cards and clicking off unwanted ads. Works for me. Relaxing.
Solitaire heaven It's free...the ads are a pain but that's all. Great interaction with other players. Great challenges and helps the brain matter. Would be nice if you could communicate with other players.
I love this game because it's soothing  can be therapeutic. This is the best solitaire app I've used so far. It only could be better if you could maybe choose levels of how tough it is. I'm really good at cards so it's pretty easy for me. I would like to make it harder so maybe it would take longer than less than 2 minutes to complete. I still love it anyways though  I play it almost everyday.
No pressure, a great thought diversion. Just right, not real hard and not rediculous easy.
How much better could this game get Love it The cards move really quick no adds how better can it get
I love it because it's quick to keep going without a bunch of stupid hoops to jump through or other time wasting crap between games. I'll waste my own time, thank you Great game.
Deborah Grant The absolute best game. NO issues or problems. Lots of fun and you exercise your brain too.
Cool I love it becuz when I'm sad I grab my phone and play this, when I play this it clears my mind off of things
No problems Just like Windows version we grew up with, as advertised. Works well, even on this old OS. Would like a pause feature, tho the timer does stop when you close.
Love this game Well thought out and gives great advice when I get stuck. Fantastic Good stuff
This game is one my grandchild likes and can play at 4 years  old.  The celebration at the end of a win make it especially fun for the grandchildren.  I like the ease of play when I have just a few minutes break in my day.
Love it I Love this game I get so addicted I have to force myself to put it down. Thank you for providing this game. I do not mind the ads as you give me the game to play, and I see other things that I like. Thank you again
More Trophies I love this game and all my devices have it I especially love the daily challenges... I just wish you could get a platinum trophy for getting all crownd trophies in a month, or other trophies for getting 100 days completed or whatever. More trophies would make it more rewarding
Love this game could play it for days and never get tired of it just good game app the best app love playing this game love it
Awesome Ads are definitely annoying, but great overall game. So addicting.
Simple I love it, nothing flashy or complicated. Just the true original solitaire. Love the daily challenge
AWESOME It is challenging but also so much fun I hope others love it ad much as I do, otherwise it'll probably go out of style and I will be the only one playing it.
