Lol I just downloaded this terrible app for credits. Jk this is a good app I recommend it
Great pasttime Keepsmyday going
Great odds in players favor
Good fun Easy and flawless so far lol
Love it
Good app Over all a great app
Wow Fantastic baby
Poker king I can honestly say that I LOVE this app. So far, I've had no problems with it and I play all the time. Kudos            EDIT comment   so I just got an iPad Air 2... downloaded this app on it and the Blackjack and Slots are gone. Very, very upset. Don't miss the slots too much, but definitely missing the Blackjack. I loved it. Please make it come back 
Don't know what happened but lost the blackjack and the slots not really happy about please fix it Great game
Phenomenal game. Great gameplay.. the only albeit small issue i have is when you check the tic box to call, it remains ticked even when the pot has been raised. So u may expect to call 4, but end up calling 400..
Pokerking baby Absolutely fabulous Online play. Fast and free. Downloaded on my cheap cricket phone.  I swear to god I never bought chips and I started with 800 now I got 185,000 must get app also includes blackjack and slots for free. Does not glitch either. Free chips everyday. Whoever doesn't like this app must suck at poker.
No time for poker night, enjoy few minutes of easy fix I like this app. There are no restrictions on user name, the UX is very straight forward and easy to use. Join a game or play in a sit n go. App is robust and launches smoothly, no issues.
Lol this is by far the best. Ha played some nifty game apps, but this wow if you live for poker I mean if you breath poker then this app is for you. Awesome I was beat 1st time round but it felt good that the game plays fair in all rounds.. if you decide to play then be ready lol for this wow just try it very enjoying thank you...  If you hate me come and beat me if you like me come and play lol fun and laughter either way. Good luck is all I got to say. For those that can play lol
best holdem app Awesome game app Ive tried so many poker texas holdem game apps but they all get old very quick Nd boring too But with this one the fun keeps racking up  awesome setup very easy to navigate and understand. Simplicity is key. Definentally worth the download Great game only game
Best Holdemapp Simply love this app...going against live people...addictive gambling atmosphere...All the joy, fun, and sorrow...Love it
SUSPENSION  OF MY ACCOUNT PokerKing .Suspended my account  because  I emailed them to let them know that their game stole 80 million  chips from my account  I showed them the screenshot of what happened  then next thing I know I am suspended. I guess this is how Chinese people  run their apps
