FOUND A CHEAT If you tap pause and turn your phone screen off wait for three seconds then turn it back on put in password optional then tap resume you will be a speeding bullet. To reverse tap and hold the gas pedal. Caution DO not be near cars as they can go nuts.
Amazing Best game ever but ads man But can uou pls make it so that we drive correctly instead of going through each other if people start doing crazy stuff then he or she will get kicked out of the server
Dayvian Guys never flavor cuz when you play it and you wanna don't want to write about it it always keeps on popping up right about it and if you never play I'll give you five thousand stars
THE MOST BEST GAME EVER The bus simulator 3d games is sooo fun to play DONT EVER THINK IT WAS A WORST GAME or other I have complete at German Countryside and i hate alaska DONT EVER MENTIONED THIS GAAAAME EVEEEEEEER
I think the game is awesome but it's just need more options Awesome game but also can u make an option where u get out and get in the bus and own a house and drive other vehicles that would be awesome plus add airplanes other stuff thank u also can u kinda fix multiplayer I was trying to join the random lobby and nothing happen just said prepare or what it said but can u fix this issue the game is still awesome thou great job guys also can u make the steering wheel bigger thank u
Kaka I really like the game 92 game is awesome.. but there is only one thing the creators should fix. The multiplayer feature, when I join a random room my game doesn't start It says not much players... so do something. But all in all it's an amazing game so far 
Multiplayer Not Working Multiplayer was working when it first came out, but now it will find two other players but won't go into game PLEASE fix guys. Guys are you there
Cool It's so cool but one a bus pushed me of the road but its cool pleas make it that you have 5 buses or ready unlocked D D D D D
GREAT GAME Its a very good game with cool features in it also love how I can choose the weather and location in free ride  Great job also love the new features
Fun This is my favourite game as there are many levels. Suggestion when there's a red light, let people cross a road or be able  to drive your bus onto the footpath and crash into peopleanimalsother.
Nice Can you make a ship game for android because every other ship games are crap and this is the only team I can trust to do that and I know you can do that but other than that I'm very proud of this team, KEEP IT UP
 This is probably the best bus simulator the market. Can you guys please fix the issue I am having in your other game Bus Simulator 3D I've emailed you guys about the issue, but have not gotten a response yet..
Roman Really loved the game. The graphics are very nice and there is a feel that I am driving a bus. But the adds are too much. The options of weather is a nice thing in the free ride.
