Awesome game Perhaps a little too dark on samoled screen, but certainly no deal breaker.
Brilliant Loved it before but now that it's been updated its just perfect
Challenging but just my cup of tea
Love it No problems here
Very fun but the AI I love this game and I am not just being a biased Witcher fan. The mechanics are pretty easy to grasp after the initial tutorials and wtf moments. My main problem is that the AI in the game are very easy to beat. Just wish there was some way to beef them up a bit.
Well, OK I love this game, I beta tested it But, it's crashing on start on my nvidia shield tablet UPDATE After trying to uninstallreinstall it just tried to refund me. So, I repurchased and reinstalled and BOOM It works. Whatevs, I'm just happy to play the game. As promised, FIVE STARS
Internet required for starting the app You need internet to start the app, which means you can't play the single player on location where you don't have internet access. Fix that local cache or whatever and you'll get 5 stars. Game itself is pretty good. Nvidia Shield tablet
Samsung galaxy to 10.1 So cool if you are an avid  boardgames like me. Game itself is very immersive and soundtrack is a nice touch too.
Good game should have waited Its a fun game but geeze I bought the game last week and now its on sale... Just my luck
Great Good fun but can't find anyone to play with online. Ai doesn't put up a challenge. Good variety in different characters.
Loved the game
Very good strategy boardgame Preliminary rating after tutorial and a couple offline games. Looks great,  works perfectly. UPDATE after few more games,  still pretty good. Love the asymmetric play style needed by the different characters.
Great Adaptation of the board game. Faithful to the board game.  Great to teach yourself the rules. People leaving one star because it won't launch gives a bad impression of this high quality app.  Not all apps will run on all tablets.  Leaving a bad review because it won't launch isn't always the developers fault.
I am going on an adventure Great game, once you get to know the characters and their playstyle the game becomes much more intriguing. You have to know the weaknesses and strengths of each player and take advantage of them, the strategy becomes crucial by then. The board looks beautiful and there is the witcher storyline bonus to it. Only issue I haven't figured out how to play online with strangers, unfortunately no friend of mine have the game and playing against the pc is just half the fun
Crashes fixed Thank you dev for the quick response.  Anyway you could talk to some other devs, cough Ossis cough.  Bought three games on cyber monday and not a one would work.
KanJar Everything works fine now on Nexus 7 2013 wifi with Android 5
Excellent Game CD Projekt Red is an excellent developer. Their communication with fans is amazing and they know how to make great games. This is an extremely well made board game. My only suggestion would be to add a fast forward feature when the AI are taking their turns. My only other issue is that games cannot be saved which the developer has already said will be added soon. Great game and great developer.
Great game It's really challenging, I hope to see many expansions in the future
Nexus 7 crash fixed by the Devs As everyone else is reporting, the devs quickly patched the game for the Nexus 7.  Thanks guys.
Crash on start fixed very fast Devs responded promptly and fixed the bug with crash on start very fast.
Thanks for quick fix Brilliant game, nice soundtrack, immersive gameplay, very good visual Highly recommended
