Awesome game but would love like a daily challenge or newer modes
It's Fun It will be cool if you add your own music and make your own tiles, that would be awesome 
Better than the first time it made I've once installed this but then uninstalled it too. But now, it's getting better and I prefer this game than the second version. Keep it up
Awesome update I'm a beast at this and I liked the old one too
Amazing
Awsome The game really takes stress away
Miracle This game is so amazing
Awesome It is so fun the only problem is that there is way to many ads but rather than that it is awesome
Amazing game It is amazing
Cool Exercises my fingers
Love it This game is awesome
Cool
for an older version
Excellent game A good stress buster right after your study, hectic assignment, rush hours..be it anything just tap. Ohh rememberNot the white tile 
So much fun Well this game is so much fun. I'm already addicted to it I love trying to top my own scores. It doesn't freeze on me or anything. It even lets me change the pop up adds. Download this game I promise you will love it
Loving it Its one of the best games that i have ever played...i love the options...but the game should have some pop songs or something like that to make it a bit more fun...another that i enjoyed was the option of play on because when i lost at 689 i clicked at play on and i did 898 ....earning notes everyday...
The update is awesome but...... To many  adds. I'm playing this game for like three years. Never gets boring. But now i just love to play it. The only lag is that there are too many adds. But it aint so bad. Anyway thnx for the update. LOVED IT. and everybode should download this game. Good for the brain.
Love I love this game but its not one  of my favs i have to say i like this game bc i always beat my brother at it when we play together he says the reason why i beat him is bc i play it a lot well i do play it alot but he dont win bc he dont really try lol but the thing i dont like about it is the ads like really u have to have ads i think that is stupid u should get it dont let the ads bother u
Grate loved it It was fun she plays it all the time that she goes on her divice. The only bad thing about it was that it sometimes glitches and it says you hit the wrong thing even though you hit the right one.
Awesome I am really good at lighting once the lights are off i can still see the tiles its like i can see through the darkness  even though i am scared of  the dark i can still see it phew thank goodness i can see it  
Megan winters make this I think I know her for some reason she helped me with something on skyrim over YouTube comments. If its who I'm thinking about buy great game
The best game I like this game so much a there is this boy i like and he has this game and him and i are really good friends and that not the only thing i give me good reminders that they want to  play on it  and u get to do fun things on it it is better then the first one so thank u who made this 
Awesome. Best piano game ever It has so many unique game modes that its crazy Love it 
