Multiplayer is so much fun I have loved this game ever since I discovered it in the play store. The graphics are good, there are no bugs and the multiplayer is great even though I almost always lose 
Fun This is a very fun game. I reccomend this game to anyone....and if u blaze like i do.....lol...... youll get stuck on this Hope this is helpful if not funny to anyone who reads this
Excellent Would be nice to get more things to do like achievements or missions, more weapons and for the computer to stop automatically ending my turn when I still have time on the clock, maybe even making a class of customize guys an weapons, idk shoot for more thats all im saying, u can do that then more people would keep playing, because it's starting to get boring
The Free Worms It's free and almost exactly like worms. With online and Google  so that you can play with friends. Around the world and hot seat by taking turns and Bluetooth.  Well done. I'm not much for phone games but this is totally an amazing phone game. Feels just like worms
Awesome game Love the multiplayer, everything is awesome. Cons awful optimatization, using too much data. Small bugs, but it's fine. Reduce data usage please.
LOVE THIS GAME NICE GAME LOTS OF FUN . BLUETOOTH NICE.. BUT CAN USE MORE WEAPONS AND LEVELS MORE TEAMS AND WARLINGS. PLEASE
One of the better games i've found so far...good because every game is totally different than last...would like to see more levels, weapons, maybe boss worms on some levels, etc...the coin accumulation is useless after you collect available weapons, they just keep adding up, with nowhere to use them...seems a little wasteful, but overall, love the game
Super fun It is not as fun as worms but its free and the same fighting style good if u don't want to spend money
Great Game Warlings is a amazing and fun game This is perfect if you don't have anything to do or you wanna play with a friend. The Multiplayer is really entertaining as you try to beat yiur opponent. Single player is good if you want to practice. Warlings is great 
Awesome I absolutely love this game. Good job developers I recommend this game to everyone.Very addictive game and extremely fun Only one thing, please add more locations and more weapons please. Other than that I love this game 100 stars If I could
Enjoying it If you love the game worms. This is a fun cheap version of it Turn base blowing things up. The only thing is I wish the had ultimate mode.
Love this I love this game. Totally addicting and fun. Suggestions  Make a ranking system so people don't rage quit during a match, allow some form of chatmessaging so people can taunt each other, and better spawning system. I have never bought an android game but if these suggestions are met I swear I'll buy this
Nice game Overall very fun to play against your friends, when for instance you are on a trip. Has some issues with connection problems but still very good.
