Best bingo game ever By far the best bingo game I have played I had 6 bingo games on my Moto G phone and deleted all of them except this one and one other I could play for hours Way to go  keep it up
I love it bt... I love the game..it's simple mhy kids cn play alone bt I dnt hate that it forces closed frm time to time bt it's worth it...lol
Extreme Fun Awesome graphics and there are so many different bingo rooms I have a hard time choosing. The only issue I have, is that it takes too long to earn tickets. When I run out,I just go play my other bingo games
I love playing this bingo game.  Two things I don't like 1 you can't use coins to buy more tickets or power UPS  What use is it if you can't use the coins for anything 2 I really  don't care for the fake accents i.e. Tokyo, Germany etc..  For that reason, I only play S.F.  I do luv the free bonus game and extra bonus plus the daily bonus'. But other  than that, great game.
Bingo crush This is the only bingo game that does not keep you waiting for each game, I get bingos on almost every time,  and I can play with out having to logout after three  3 games. Only problem is sometimes it will not load or kicks me off but, it sets up again right. Fun and sound effete are great, nice brilliant colors
I love this bingo game. I have played so many of them and I have 1 narrowed down that I play daily however, this 1 is way better than my usual 1. The speed of games are great the winning odds are very descent as well.
Enjoyable I find it enjoyable. I like the collections. Great job. It is a way to relieve some of the stress and aggravation of the day. Keep up the great work Two thumbs up
Love it  This is an awesome game  Im really happy with it .ive downloaded alot of bingo games and they were terrible either too boring or too many problems. So if your looking for a great game try this one 
I love this game there is only one thing that brother's me that is that it keeps asking me to rate them again and again after you have but it's a real fun game try it I think you will love it to
Awesome This game is one of the best bingo games I have played to date I recommend anyone looking for a fun yet silly bingo game to play to download this for hours and hours of silly fun
Ton of fun I love this bingo game.  I haven't played a bingo game in a long time because they were boring and didn't payout at all well.  This bingo game has a little bit of something for everyone.
NOW THIS IS SOMETHING TAKE 20 TICKETS ONLY GIVE ME 5 BACK. WHAT IS REALLY GOING ON. HOW DARE U. AND I SUPPOSE TO BE HAPPY. SOMETHING WRONG STILL NOT SATISFIED. GOT TO DELETE WHY DID U TAKE AWAY MY 20POINTS TICKET I AM VERY UPSET. NOT FIRE I MUST DELETE AGAIN. NOT SO GOOD
Great game Love just about everything about this game. The daily free games are great and make it more appealing to play as opposes to those games where you have to pay for every little thing. And its super fun to boot  The design of the game is amazing and the gameplay is casual and fun. The only thing is that it takes so long in between to get tickets. Other than that i love everything else
