Crossword Puzzles This game is very good at making you think   work your way through words you never would have thought about before. I love this game, try it you'll be so glad you did If you get stuck work around it  then come back, it'll pop right in your head  make you feel great.   Try it you'll love it
Fun, no nonsense crosswords Jump in, load a game, and go Ads are minimal, puzzles are enjoyable, game saves between plays. Strong recommend
Quickie Crossword Just right for a short diversion. Each puzzle takes less than 30 minutes. Math crosswords are a challenge. Latest version jumps over characters that are filled in which is a time saver. Highly recommend you get this app if you need a quick diversion.
ITSG puzzles Hi my name is , and I am totally addicted to this app It is always the first thing I go to in the morning
I love this app. ..wish some of them were more harder
Addicted I am so happy to be able to have this app.
Great Game Never really liked crossword puzzles until now
Finally A straight forward crossword puzzle game
Good game So far I like it.
Good crossword what else can you say 
Updates... I enjoy the downtime I get from this game..love the 2  puzzles daily...and that they're completely free..and loving the updates as well
Already addicted. Enjoy the puzzle.
Great fun
Jmac
Crossword in english It's great. You don't run out of ink or break the lead. It's level is just fine for using your brain and stillhave fun. Still doing it every day. Especially like the daily crossword
Great I love the puzzles, especially the daily ones. A few clues repeat, which is great for improving your memory skills. It also works perfectly if you're trying to expand your vocabulary, as I didn't even know some of the answers were words. I would recommend this app to anyone.
Great I've been using this for a good month now and I still really enjoy it. I can still see that it's helping my memory. I am remembering the answers to some of the clues used regularly. I can't remember them all though. I am using this app specifically to help improve my memory and I can see that it is helping. I would recommend this app to anyone, even just for fun. However, I especially recommend it to people that are having memory problems and need help improving it.
Fun Crossword Puzzles These puzzles are fun They are good for a mental escape from the everyday frustrations.
Loven it So Much nicer than others. Clues may be a bit harder but I've not had trouble yet
Good puzzles Great way to pass the time and keep my mind active. Regularly play  every day. Recommend to anyone that loves crosswords
Great It helps you by seeing if you got it or not. I like to do them when I eat my breakfast.
Mr  j A little unusual, but good so far,runs well on samsung A 6 months still enjoy,good relaxer 5 stars
Love it Great way to kill time.have been using it for months now. Love the improvements as well
I enjoy not having to fool with pencils and erasers. Quick and easy to do. Definitely I recommend this game.
