I love this game so much My sixyearold says, I love this game so much I spend time with my turtle buddy. You can feed him, play with him, all kinds of stuff. It's like a real turtle... but a Cute Mode. And when he goes to bed, it is so cute. I and my 11yearold like it, too. 
Love  it It's so cute  I love playing  this  game  it makes  me  feel  happy
So sweet Just love this game So easy  wonderfully interactive. Only suggestion, why not expand Totos world a bit. Something like a beach or trip to zoo.
The best I love how cute this is and how it teaches learning skills.
love it soo cute i love this game it's the best download it
3 yr. old loves it. Didn't take long for him to figure out how to play. He laughs a lot while playing.
Very good moto x 2013 My dother like this game.
So cute Love it and its so cute. Like caring a real pet turtle but tis time its just a game pet
So so cute The character toto is so cute and I like that you can make a cool food
My daughter loves it. Thank for not spoiling it with commercials
Go Toto Toto is so friendly and nice   I love how I can interact with him.
Very Well Made.. My kids love it
Great game My 2 12 year old daughter really loves this game its very interactive and sweet.. Dr panda games are well engineered for kids..
My kids favorite Dr. Panda game Such a cute game. My kids love it. Everyday they ask if they can check on Toto to see if he needs anything.
best game i like this app so much..
Great My baby girl love it
Great Soooo cute
Love game Educating and easy to use
Amazing Toto so adorable and he is like sooooooooooooooo Wow with his big cute eyes
FAVORITE APP                        I love this app.
L9ve it My 4 yr old is such a fan and the music ISNT annoying
Addictively cute. The moment I open the app. I fell in love with toto. Beautiful graphics and feel so cosy and heartwarming
Fully complete and fun. My son 3y old love it
I love it Because Toto plays around
I loved this game
Love It It's just cute and relaxing
Samsung galaxy tab 4 it free It free
Awesome I love this game plus toto is so cute
So cute Love the game he is sooo cute
coooooooool game my child love it
So cute And so funny
I just got and I love  it   
Grate for all ages very good
