Tap sports baseball 2015 Great game... BUT... 2 upgrade team  get better players u need 2 purchase gold  GOLD IS NOT CHEAP... so basically unless ur willing to spend  then maybe give it a miss... it unfortunate cause it is great game but the makers of this game r genuinely taking the P by charging this much 4 gold...
Great game, haven't spent a dime currently at all star level. Only complaint is gold is hard to come by.
Great game I enjoy this a lot,especially managing and trying to improve my team. The only issue is that the app hangs frequently and needs to be stopped and restarted. Also, the father you go, the harder it gets to improve your team.
GREAT GAME I HAVE NO SPENT A PENIE ON THIS GAME AND I HAVE THE TEAM TO BEAT JUST LOVE IT
Highly addictive Got a bunch of buddies together and we can't stop playing.
Larry I think the Batter should be able to foul tip the Ball more... And I think there should be a better Strike zone then there is I think I got Robbed a few times for stupid strikes that I feel they were definitely not Strikes
It is probably the funnest game ive found in long time it has a few flaws but still fun as hell to play if you like baseball
Great I would like to say that this game is awesome but you need to get rid of the ads. I would like to get better players without having to use gold all the time. I love this game that is the truth.
Good game The Ball  Strikes calling is questionable at times, but it's pretty good.
Fun game Honestly doesn't feel pay to win. Enjoying this because there's not too many fun baseball options out there. Tad buggy but it's nothing fatal.
The game is fun but make the FAN and DIEHard packs and the Mystery boxes like 100 gold instead of 2000 gold PLEASE because it is so expensive and let us watch videos for cash to SO CHANGE THESE PROBLEMS P.S. my record with my team is 152 wins and 119 losses
Fun game Ever since the upgrade my five star pitchers can't get out of the third inning. I guess when ur at the top level u need Prime pitchers..I have bin playing for a long while and i am addicted...Although I must say thank you for fixing the auto play..
