Loved it Great visuals, easy to get into for casual playing and easy enough to be fun rather than challenging.
'Storyteller' killer kidnaps heroine's boyfriend Good game from Alawar.  good graphics, puzzles, HO scenes.     long enough to feel worth the price.    Lots of back and forth, good navigable map.    good background music.   magnifying glass was very irritating.   No voices after first cutscene.  some puzzles were too easy, set so a few clicks would solve them. Some e.g.  scale solved themselves.    no guide or bonus chapter.    Ending was confusing. 4.5, rounding up.
Lovely game I played through this game in two sittings. It was engaging and at times funny. The art work was well done. High marks for making scene s look dark but with enough brightness to be able to find objects. I especially like the ease of selecting an object from inventory. Good work.
Simple but loved it NEED MORE JUST LIKE THIS ONE Kinda jumps around, but a very good game... REALLY ENJOYED IT  I've downloaded over 100 HOS games. I have a hard time finding games I haven't played because I've played them all So I know about games. This one had no flaws. Worth the money  NO ADS That alone is GREAT
Good. Good but not great. Ranking it 5 because it is good enough time killer for fair price.
Loved it Great graphics  story. Ending was a lil disappointing, but not enough to ruin the game. Looking forward to the next game I play by these developers.
Soooooo awesome Plot twists and turns although I figured it out early on and so many layers of mysterysuspense....So worth every penny Thank you please keep them coming D
Fun Game I love games like this and this does not disappoint I especially like the map that allows for quick travel from one area to another as well as gives a hint about whether or not there are any tasks to do at that time. Thanks
Cruel games  Red Ridinghood Great passtime with tv on in background but paying more attention to the game by far
Fun Addictve gameplaying game Since i was a little girl,.. I have loved nothing more but playing hidden object games and also puzzle games,..
Samsung 5 love the game but only 3 chapters for 4.99 tht a tease.
Cruel games Lots of fun, really makes you think
Cruel games red riding hood Like the graphics like the hidden scenes overall it was pretty good game
New to this one I haven't played this one yet, just downloaded but I have been satisfied with all of their games I have played so far.  Keep up the good work
Dark strokes One of the best games I have ever played, please make more like this
Intriguing Intriguing and at times frustrating.  Puzzles definitely leave you puzzled at times, but all in all a fun game to go through
Another great game. Yet again another great game from alawar.  
Hours of fun This is by far one of the most fun games I've ever played I've literally been playing for 4 hours I can't wait to see how this ends
