Awesomam 1 bn likes and cheers to you guys Awesome features,user friendly,easy to play,realistic Keep on doing the best
Grinders game Please have bluetooth multiplayer so no loss of more money please please for more information you can send it to me through my email
superb graphics ,excellent ui n feels very close to real carrom. I love this n addicted to this.
Everything is nice.... Only that it shud be made allowed to compete with others online.... And we shud be allowed to rotate the carrom men arranged at centre at the start of the game
Gr8888 Awesome game..i' am sure u'll definitely enjoy the game  for carrom lovers its been fantastic, ultimate  amazing.
Excellent, time wasting fun 
my most favorite...indoor game i m loving it....user friendly....clean n clear 3d perspectives....run smoothly...no jerks...
I Love this app... When play through this app...I get real feel that I am playing my natural game. Thanks 
Awesome work guys This game is a BLAST. Just it's damn awesome. Great work, i really like the way it changes the music after pocketing 3rd chip. Its really get us in the game. Keep up the good work. All the best.
I love ooo Me my sir play thisss game ok am i rigut
After playing the game...i recommend 5 star for this team.Excellent graphic and Excellent game....Love it ....All carrom Lover Please Please grap it
Touch of feather... This is what i feel like when playing this game...the interface is extremely smooth and accurate.... great game.... love it
I win the game Very nice game bachpan ki yaad a gae ak khail k O
Loved this game Loved it... real carrom. Can play single double or four people
I had already express my views and rated with five stars. I like this app very much.
Loved It Lovely Game I loved to play it.This is a nice to spend free time.
Fantastic game  Feels like real Amaizin graphics and detail.
D.P. Sharma This is excellent game and working also nice I like it
Brilliant game ever I fond of it and love it. Everything in this game is best.  Graphics are also very nice.   I give it full star's . Yeah very nice.   try it please it is amazing.  It doesn't waste your time.  Thanks for admin
