Brings back memories Funny how the kids of today don't know half of the characters on there and have to ask older people what they are lol
Great game love the characters and the difficulties in the levels. I give it a five stars all day. A very fun game
Entertaining This game is super fun and it is the right level of challenging to be difficult but not impossible.
Lovin it This game is totaly awesome. The definition of this game is awesomeness. And for all those haters, get out of here. If your hating on this awesome of all awesome games you've lost 10 percent of your coolness
Great game Its nice 2 have a challenge but  I have 2 ask friends sum times cuz I can't figure it out Would love 2 c more of these games
It is a really good game, you can really get into it, however it's a shame you can't just get the 3 bonus levels from collecting coins instead of buying the. And it clearly says no ads but there were loads of ads 
Fun Makes me realize I have watched WAY to many cartoons... I enjoy this game quite a bit
Close up Characters Finally a trivia game that's not too easy, but not too hard as well, pity it keeps crashing on me though.
I just wanted the coins If i rated this app 5 stars they said i can get 50 coins.
The Weeknd And I know should be the death of me the least won't both be na.I shall always get the best of me the worst has here to come dis I know girl I know. She told me don't worry about it she told me you never be a la AA WOOO
Great Quite hard characters to guess, but I think many people know more characters than me.  Also, this can keep you busy when your on a journey, so its great for when your bored 
Loved it Its a cool game when your bored, or when you have nothing to do and its very entertaining
Challenging Its really amazing because u can guess them and u have so many different types to try so your not stuck on one level. Please keep making more games
Close up character s F Drag jug dash I
Awesome This games is quite fun and interesting , I love it and enjoy  it especially the free coin part lol. Well when I need help
Okay They told me of I give them 5 stars they'll wire transfer 100 free coins to my in game account, though they are not really free as I am performing an action to obtain this virtual mobile game currency.
Fun This game is actually pretty fun, I enjoy it a lot. Definitely worth downloading and trying out yourself
Close up characters Is awesome gives me a chance to see how good I remember movies and its a good mind game
Fun and pretty easy to beat Real fun game I beat the game in a couple of days so I'm expecting more levels sooner or later, levels aren't too hard either some of the pictures might stump you but overall it's a real challenge to try and figure them out.
So fun Love it and if you get stuck you can move to another level you don't have to complete all the game before you moved to a new level with the nice feature
Great Gamekkkm My friends all loved this, hours of fun the greatest game
Like the game It's a fun game that has characters that I have and haven't seen before. Only complaint is that I paid 2 for coins and they didn't show in the game.
It's good but I've come across 2 names that are not spelled the way they should be.
No need to pay As someone who hates microtransactions but loves mobile gaming, this game is amazing. Normally when you get stuck you have to watch 36492926 adds to get anywhere near a hint. This game give you a way to get money for hint, without spending a dime Very happy with this game, keep it up
Addictive.... it's funny how you could have seen the movie a million times but the name slips your mind lol love it
I hated it This game is lame I just want the coins
So addicted to it I love it . It's a perfect way to use your brain while playing an electronic
Helps me Reminisce This game is fun and brings back memories of the old cartoons I watched as a kid
Good toilet app When you've got nothing to do, this will make your poop fly by
Fun Quick and Challenging Love to feel like I know more than I think I do Great choice of characters Please make more
Extremely Addictive Great game, but you should really give one more coins if you get one right
Love it It is so addictive because you want to know and see all the new character and I don't know all the character but it is so much fun
Awesome Great characters, great game  Definitely worth the download.  Super addicting too lol.  Thanks for the awesome app guys 
Fun I downloaded this game this morning and I am already more than half way through. It's an addicting game.
