So far I really like it  I can't get Open Weather Map to work  at all  and although it is not great on UCCW widgets either, at least it works. But, having said that, it's awesome that you can choose Yahoo weather instead, which works much better for me.
Didn't know it was this easy This app lets me create my own widgets either from scratch or by moddingupdating the built in templates. I enjoy customizing my home screens and with zooper I can now add more depth by creating original widgets that compliment the layout and design. Having a blast using this app so far
Awesome Can't stop tinkering with it. Every single details put in this app is worth the money. One thing can be improved is the addition of folders. That will be much cleaner and easier for us to use.
Great widget. Tons of features and full customization. The only problem I have with giving it five stars is the inaccuracy of the temperature. Fix this, and it's perfect. I have to give it five stars on it's customization abilities alone.Very impressive
Love Zooper Widgets Definitely the best app for giving your Android phone a super unique look that no one else will have. It's pretty complicated, but if you have basic knowledge of how to use Photoshop then that will definitely help you. However, you do not have to be a tech genius to figure it out. I recommend taking your time and saving often. Zooper Widgets rocks
Issue Resolved Fully Functional Brilliantly designed tool to create a completely custom home screen environment.  Support is awesome, as it took less than 24 hrs for support team to help me out with an issue I was having with functionality.  The issue wasn't even with the app, it was me, but the support response was very impressive.  Happy to have bought this
Perfect for pro customization Love this Widgets are what makes android great and this app is great. It allows me to make make my own professional looking widgets for my phone. If you can imagine it you can make it. Love the use of apps like Media Utilities to add album art and make my own music player widgets. Totally worth the money
I cannot say enough great things about this amazing app I recommend this to everyone I meet and get moderately irritated with those who don't listen to my great advice and go pro. All fools    BEST APP OF ALL FOREVER   
