I use it constantly. I only wish it was easier to scroll over cards while testing a deck without accidentally moving them to other zones. I'm editing my comment to say thank you. I was pleased to find that Fate Reforged was added to the database before the prerelease Keep up the good work D
Best magic app available This app has helped me to really optimize my decks. The search feature is a must for anyone who wants to easily find cards for their decks from a mobile platform. A bit pricey but worth it in my opinion.
Amazeballs Had this app for a while now and its awesome.  Only problem is there is no player rewards cards or promos. Other than that it's fantastic
If I had to take a star away, it'd be because I spend too much time using this app This is great. It's super easy to add cards and they update their database right on schedule. I bought the collections add on, but I don't use it as virtually and physically managing my collection seems like a lot of overhead, but I don't regret the addon at all, because I look at it as supporting the developer. Keep up the great work, guys
Fast, feature filled, bug free This app is amazing for both quickly pricing or searching for a magic card and for more in depth deck building. I absolutely love it. It would be nice if StarCityGames was a price choice, but that's a very minor inconvenience. It would also be really useful if I could search by creature type or with regular expressions.
Great app This app is great as a reference database for cards and for draw testing new brews. They update quickly with new set releases too. One small thing that would be nice for the testing function would be to add a turn counter I'd like to be able to more easily track how fast I can goldfish
Pinnacle of excellence. I have spent more than 18 dollars purchasing this app on both Apple and Android devices. I regret none of it. Easy search function, coupled with stunning HD card art, coupled with well designed interfaceworth the cost twice. The picture scan function only hiccups a small amount, and collections sometimes isn't as useful as I would like, but this is still a must have for anyone who plays MTG.
Love this app Seriously a must have for any avid deck builder. This has helped me leaps and bounds and I have gotten 10 others to buy this app and they all agree
Pretty nice Would be 5 star but no ability to sort by set which is really useful for wish lists...  Update 5 Star now, great app. Expensive surprise on PC though, considering MTGO and magic assistant are free...
