Awesome We love Toca apps so much we have purchased most for both our apple and android devices.  Even the grownups get caught up in the fun
I love it BUT IF EVER THEY WERE TO MAKE A UPDATE THERE SHOULD BE A WAY TO BRAID THERE HAIR MORE CHARACTERS A MAKE UP BOOTH AND WHERE U TAKE PICS THEREVSHPULD BE MORE BACKGROUNDS
It's great My little cousins won't let me have my phone for hours because they were playing on this. Thumbs up
Awesome but Can u make a update where there is a story mode and there's a picture that you have to copy off and make that hair
Photo's Lovely and creative game. Serious fun, but I can't find the photos I took of the characters. Otherwise, a totally awesome game
INCONCEIVABLE It's really fun and silly but worth every penny you spent
My daughter loves it My daughter is 10 and really enjoyed this game. She says it so simple fun and additive
Wonderful I would love it more if we could put their hair in braids or in buns. Also it would be cool if we could change their clothes to match their hair. And I wish the  earrings would shrink more cuz I sometimes have my characters have piercings  but they are a little to big for the characters face. Also it would be cool to have necklaces and note backgrounds for pictures. But this app is super fun. I spend all day on it.
Love it so much It's soooo cool I love this worth buying im trying to say D it would b gr8 with more characters that WOULD b awsome
My sister won't give me my phone back lol
Love this app This app is so addictive I just love styling the customers hair its so awesome
Entertaining to the Max ALL the little kids I know LOVE this game. Super awesome
Awesone The game is great I play it during my spare time
Fun app It's soooo fun U can do so much with the hair  i made a granny once Maybe, there should be more characters and u could have the chance to change their clothes.
Please Make Toca Band available for Android. I loved it on IOS
AWESOME And because it was the app of the week, I got it free
Love it much I love this game its the most realistic other than its animated hair game the only thing I would suggest is that I wish u could turn the chair and do the back
I know its for like 5yr olds but could you add a way to cut different parts of the hair Like the back Or sides
Love it Used to play this all the time now it's free even better
