In love This game is so fun i can die. Ill play this game until I die.
Awesome
Mrs. Ray Love this game..just wish there where more ways to win jack pots in tickets...i have have never won one. Also if a player could win the mega inspires and freezes as well.
Awesome Game I love this game.  My only complaints are that the megainspire powerups etc are far and few between... and the random opponents are usually not as good as me. Which I'm sure is frustrating for both of us                        There are no hiccups with this app that I can think of right now. No reason not to install on your device.  HAVE FUN
Good thinking game. Makes you pay attention in order to try and beat your opponent. Sometimes the words are right in your face and you bypass them. But that only makes you stronger for the next round.
Addicted The only thing that I don't care for is, you should be able to delete games after they have started wo it being your turn.
Fun game Originally I was not sure how I felt about waiting to earn coins between games.  I'm used to it now  I've had many many hours of entertainment out of this game.
Scramble I first started playing last year I play it every day and have fun doing it.   still
Word Streak Love the game. I bought a new G Pad, transferred all games over. Lost all my points. Can you put them back I had over 16000,00. Would appreciate it. Thanks Anna
My favorite game This is boggle without having to have multiple players I love it My child plays too to increase his vocabulary
Great game Game keeps your gears turning.  Finding new words too
Great game to pay with the whole family just woodshed that you didn't have to wait for the dang tokens
Need more friends who play, addicted Fast pace word game.
Love this game I just wish you could earn more tokens to play
Love  it Fox in a few days later and she is the best in that and I think the only thing I can see that you can see that you can get a lot more to it that way I could have been in a few games, including one that I
Ms. T. I love this game  Played boggle a lot when I was a child.  
more spins than once a day...also need more than level 30...no chance to win extras ...boo hoo....
It is a awsome game and it also helps in our vocabulary Word streak with friends
