Almost Perfect Should have Alliance Options like if China Doesn't want to be allies with Russia in 1950 you can fix that or you could be neutral country then choose side also I have recently been able to access the last conquer the world campaign and the enemy is to over power and you know what I mean please change this I still give this 5 stars though
Unfreakinbelieveable Im not sure how long world conqueror 3 has been up for free, but i love you easy tech. Im a fan of all of your military strategy games you have made. I have them all downloaded too. Keep doing your greatness. Also this game is the best of them all.
Outstanding Game The game is very good.I even play it when I'm eating or when I'm bored.Played this one people its very fun to play.But easytech company pls saved the game when its deleted. Because my Father accidentally Deleted the game and all my saved game is gone. So pls update the game
Difficult after HQ Lol 10, but that's why I play the game. If it were any easier, I would be bored out of my mind. Two weeks on my new phone... almost HQ lvl21. The difficulty factor keeps me going. BEST GAME EVER
Best game  People that say its rigged, impossible or too overpowered enemies are just noobs because you can beat it somehow
Amazing This is by far the best game easy tech ever made. No faults at all. People who complain are whiners and poor strategist and impatient. The perfect strategy game. If there is one problem, it is that in 1975, it is impossible to beat aliens. The idea is great, but to make it possible to win, give the aliens a small area, but a large amount of ships. You guys are the best
Best Game Ever The greatest strategy game on the app store. Wonderful graphics, great playing experience and amazing strategy efforts needed. I would like it if you where to make the map a little more realistic by adding more countries and making the Unjted States bigger than Europe it really is but it's the best strategy game out there.
Great game. The point of the turn limit is so that there actually is a way to lose. The game isn't meant to be blown through. You are supposed to lose, formulate a plan, and eventually win. Allies are terrible, but who would want a game where you do nothing while the AI wins It's a fun game with a cool concept and good graphics. That's all a game should have.
Loved it I love your games easy tech. But I would love if you would come out with a civil war edition. I hope you do. Great games
Fantastic and solid TBS with well scaled promotion, research and requisition costs, character development, and a huge selection of balanced units. Good number of areas and provinces without becoming overwhelming at the global scale map. A minimum of options makes for easy setup and quick starting, and the graphics and animations make battle results easy and fast to process. Probably the best strategic level modern warfare TBS games available, and for free
