Toca Boca Mini is FUN  I love Toca Boca Mini, but if there's a Toca Boca Mini 2 or an update, Plz make a playroom or something because my brother was so sad to see his mini go. On the other hand, GREAT GAME
Super Cute Dear goodness what an adorable game You basically paint little figures to make your own characters. Oh please give us a way to save and play a game with our characters. That would be my only criticism. They're too cute to just disappear.
AMAZING BUT ..... The App And Monsters Are Great I Love It But If You've Tried Really Hard On A Little Monster All You Get Is A Photo Can You Make A Room That Sends Your Monsters You've Created There And Then They Get Kept There So You Can Play With Them And Look After Them Apart From That The Game Is Great
Amazing game This is an excellent game I have spent hours on it. I wasn't sure at first if i should get it but when i did i didn't regret it. It is definitely worth the money No problem with it and it works perfectly fine on my galaxy tab 3. I just think you should be able to have ears that stick out. Everything has to be on the model but great work toca boca I love it
SUPER FUN This game is worth it and really fun. Please add a playroom so the Minis have somewhere to go. But can you please add ears that stick out andor 3D hair Also whenever I exit out of the app and then go back on the Mini is black and gray and messed up. Please fix Great app though
D Awesome, thanks for helping me out Once again, another amazing Toca Boca app I do not regret paying for this anymore. I'll give you a 5 star, like I promised. Thanks so much for making all of these great apps INCLUDING this one But, theres just 1 more thing I want to ask you. Can you make a play room so you can play with all of the Toca Minis' you make It's fine if you don't since you already earned 5 star. Well, thanks again.
So cute Oh yeah Awesome One of the best games ever That's why I'm giving it 5 stars I've made 20 or something like that
 Creative  cute. Design your own dollsbeasts with stickers, googly eyes and paint. Don't forget to take a shot of your favourites before sending them off to the toy store
I love it Becase it's too cute and i have so much fun you should download this app it's the best.
3 yr old loves this My son loves this he is 2 almost 3 and it has the most options to be so creative and such old quality and dimension. The best I've ever seen
So cute Its a good game. You can make your own little monsters,dolls,pets and people. Really cool
Its great Its an awesome game but mine randomly started glitching and when I took a picture the figure turned black and I started freaking out right there so there's a little problem.....
Like it I love it I heard there's a play room. Can u help me find it I want it
Wow This app is amazingly fun When I got on the app I had no idea how to use it so I thought it was hrorrible but then I found out how to do it and I am addicted I have made so many people And it is so much fun and never gets old Awesome worth 3.00
Weird, especially when my daughter makes dolls with 2 pairs of eyes... She is 6 years old and and she loves it.  Congratulations for the choice of  music. When you have to listen to it for half an hour you can at least tap your foot to it.
Amazing The only thing I don't like about this game is that u can't save your creations to a room or place on the game, you can only save them to your gallery and you can't go back to your creations again to edit them. Overall good game, please add an update where you can save your creations somewhere then I will give you 5 stars 
Good Food good good good good
Awesomeness This is my second toca boca game I was browsing on my phone and saw a 66 off sale on your games and my mom said she will buy it so happy 
I love this app I made spongebob, an african boy, Kristoff and a minon
Adorable Making Toca  Minis has been a hobby of mine now and then and the figures you can make, come out adorable. Nevertheless, I must say that when I got this app, I was at a sandwich place and I had to restore a purchase to buy the app. So now... HERE I AM Thank you Toca Boca
AMAZING but... When i close the app my mini goes all weird plz fix that toca boca but other than that...AWESOME
