Awesome game but in app purchases dont work I was playing yesterday and ALL of my gold medals disappeared. I played today and bought all upgrades because i had 6 gold medals and they wernt unlocking. I turned them on and played and they didnt work They automaticly turn off DO NOT BUY BECAUSE ITS 10 WASTED
Awesome game and ... I recommend playing this game but I would love to have more towers. I completed the game in less than a month and want to be more challenged so please please please more towers i'm going crazy And I'm on like level 105 and still 200 lives
One of the BEST This is an incredibly awesome game and it dosnt take long to load up. I recommend it to everybody, but i want to know when is the fifth one going to come to android And now that we are talking about new games,, are you going to put zombie assault tower defense for android Please reply Thank you
Awesome Just like it was on the flash desktop version. On my GNex it's perfect. To those whining about slowing n crashing  90...there r a bajillion things going on. What did u expect It's part if the fun. It locks up quad core desktops The fact that it will even run on a phone is incredible
Best tower defence Graphics flawless, Addictiveness gives angry birds a run for it's money, Updates Far surpasses angry birds... Remember angry birds before they got greedy and tried to sell you a bunch of stuff, this game is that phenomenal
Great fun This game is perfect except for the slight lags that occur at round 95 and above. You can still play it after that stage it isn't too bad.
So much fun Put a good 5 or 6 hours into this game since it was realesed . Never had any problems with crashing or freezing. Im on level 140 or so and it does start to lag of course. This game handles very well on mobile and the ui is very easy to use. Good conversion of a browser game.   65 stars all day every day
Awesome game This game is amazing. But... It would be better if it gets some stability issues fixed, I noticed that after 90 waves the game starts to crash, and it's not my phone trust me. Also would be great if there was a version optimized for tablets like iOS did. But other than that, I love this game
