Best racing game Loads to do in racing, laps drag timed you just name and not to hard to play,you earn enough to keep on going so don't need to pay for much
17214 update This just has to be the best racing app going, I just can't stop playing. The only down side to the whole game is the cost of in app purchases.
Amazing This game got me addicted fast. It's probably the longest I played a game in the last few years and I mean PC or console games includes. You can do almost everything without cash, it's challenging and engaging. Would give it 6 stars
Excellent It's a good game so far i have 69 of the cars fully upgraded but there r few things y do i always have to start at the back and the Melbourne track is too complicated....
Best REALISTIC RACING game on Android where CARS DON'T FLY Only racing game where no brakes only acceleration doesn't work The game engine is perfect, with very realistic race track and vehicle physics Over all has to the BEST REALISTIC RACING GAME ON ANDROID
This is buy far the greatest car racing game I have had ever played. And I have played them all. In Real Racing 3, there is constant updates on new cars and team challenges. From the latest Hybrid super cars to the old classic Big V8's and even LMP cars. They are all in this game. Great job from Firemonkeys. Best ever
Best Racing Game Best racing game by far. Love the gameplay , the graphics , the car costumization , etc . Awesome work Electronic Arts but I have some problems while downloading the assets sometimes they just stop. What can I do 
Simply the best The best racing sim for android by far. Keep up the good work guys, I have had this game for almost a year now and never get tired of it. Would love to see all the Mitsubishi Lancer Evo and Maybe some classic Japanese cars.
Better than need for speed Why on earth did ea think taking the developers from this game, make them strip out braking and add Facebook game stamina is beyond me. Spare yourself heartache and get this instead
One of a kind. Cooltrill and enjoying racing with friends and opponent. Exception of its expensive gold and coin then it should be 6 star..hahaha..
The best racing game ever The only problem is you can't sale cars. I wish u could sale cars and get coins
