Great Great ideas for the home I love it plus great buying tips and solutions, just one thing I don't like that to save pics for later you need to use Facebook
Love this app Works great. There is room for improvement for example when I close the app and open up again it would be great if it remembered where I was for scrolling through the home page  Now i have to scroll through what I have see already each time I open it up which is tedious
Great ideas Love it. Seriously expensive, but that's expected with designer I guess. Some lovely designs though
Saved me from bad decisions on wall colour. Showed me why my golden oak furniture needs to go away. Showed me where and how to install LED rope lights. Fun, easy, inspiring. Great for people who need help visualizing changes before buying paint.
Excellent app. The best in this area of interest on can have... Excellent coverage of various area, gives choice of contemporary and traditional. Photos and articles are top class. It is free and no annoying ads. what else you can ask. Top notch. Well done and thanks so much. Pure joy.
Search disabled My search window doesn't work . It give an error that tells me to expand my work options.. the home screen is blank .. some issues  with the application. . Used to work earlier
New home We bought a new existing home a year ago. We completely gutted the first floor and implemented so many ideas I saved from Houzz. We are on to the basement now. Love this site Thank you.
Wonderful This app is wonderful I love it and it definitely comes in handy when decorating any room. I love the versatility and descriptions in all of the photos.
I'd give it 6 stars If you're into interior decoration, seeing into other people's houses and getting to know the detail, this is the only app for you.
Awesome Great app...love the inspirational pics of anything you want to find.
Great inspiration Love finding inspiration for new house projects and seeing such beautiful homes. Lots of great ideas and advice.
Great ideas I've used this app to source ideas for our full house renovation.  Now I have designs in my new home that I would have never thought of on my own
Houzz Incredible and thorough information and picture's that make you salivate. Then there's access to pros for Q  A. It doesn't get better than that.
Ideas You can always find something that helps you get an idea of where to start. Even when your looking for totally different room,  something will catch your eye
Can't live without it My husband and I are designing our first home and without Houzz we wouldn't have the idea nor b able to explain exactly what we want. The builder and suppliers have access to my account which is a life saver
Great help This helps me out in my condo renovation. Most of the ideas which I used for my place came from here.   while the renovation was going on. i used to check on this site daily.
Great ideas So many things to improve your house with.
Nothing beats Indeed verry useful apps to give the common sort of high taste sense of architercture and interior design experience. Have even done some projects inspired by Houzz.  Keep the excellent work
Beyond inspiring Can't wait to see what each new post has in store This app is full of new and innovative ideas and so much inspiration and just pure genius
This app is great Gives you everything you need to design  . I will tell all my friends to use this app.
Heno I love it 2 much,  but if y. Can help my 2 get interior designer in KUWAIT 4 my house pls. 
CandiCake Review Great app, I wished it had more items though. Overall, good experience so far.
I use this app for all room of my house taking ides from it. I recommend it for everyone not only Profesional.
Great Resource for Remodeling Use it all the time. Lots of amazing work out there and a great inspiration point for those of us wanting to Remodeling. Tons of ideas and products to consider
This app contains some of the most well thought out  put together rooms I have seen. The photography acts as inspiration for anyone interested in design.
To many options Great for design ideas. The hardest part is deciding what to do
Great App I love this app on my ipad and now I have it on my Samsung Galaxy S4. It runs smoothly and the pictures look amazing and load with no delay. This is great for on the fly with clients to show them examples and give inspiration
Love this apps so much, gives me a lot of ideas for my new home. ..thanks
Houzz is awesome Wonderful place for ideas.  The creativity is beautiful
Amazing Accessible, diverse and tasteful
