This app needs a few things... First, it needs a motion to fire the gun via shaking the phone. Second, it needs a sliding trigger feature, as it would be nice on like the snipers. Thirdly, I would like to see more of those minigames like on the first volume. Do this, and this app will be one of the best.
Boss but, Needs a little more improvements I love how you guys made it to where the guns are used in specops ver. But, I think that you could've added some more explosives, specops weapons, and maybe even a ballistic knife. So keep up the good work, maybe people could could even do a roleplay weaphones war Oh yeah and can you guys please add or try to add slow motion option on all of the guns
Very well done Smooth mechanics, good range and only minor inaccuracies. Well done guys. Would be good to see the slow motion feature on all weapons.
A little laggyslow motion Only down side is its a little laggy at times, but other wise its a great app. Also I would love too see slow motion on all the guns especially the fully automatic ones.
Love the series Bought all sims but all 3 were auto uninstalled after I updated my phone to Android 5. Cannot install since then, error every time. Please fix it.
Awwwwsome This app is freaken amazing good work great graphics.......just an.opinion you should add the F2000 or a gun related to the G36c it would be awesome to see those weapons in weaphone action
Awesome but I deleted half of my games and it says there's not enough space. its on my other tablet and I love it. Best gun sim ever
Add gold guns in the ww2, vol 1, and vol 2 I love gold guns so mabye in the next update for all of them can you guys put like one or two gold guns for all the weaphones
More guns Good app but need a lot more guns in it. More GUNS A LOT MORE GUNS. Please add more guns like a lever action winchester style gun
Big Daddy Mike Ultra realistic gun sim. Loading a fresh clip after detaching the empty one is very satisfying and the smoke effects are amazing. Highly recommended.
Awesome and well made The best fun with guns you can have on your phone. Well made with realistic loading and operation of the guns. It does lag a little though.
It should name thm rit Wat an amazing game. But soe guns names aren't rit
Great Simulator, Fingers Crossed for More Guns Great overall simulation of firearm mechanics. I would love to see the inclusion of double feed malfunctions to vary up the jamming sequences a bit lock, strip, rack rack rack. D Also, I vote for the future inclusion of the IMI Galil and the Tavor.
It's so cooooool Fun cool it was so much fun I like the heavyduty weapons and the rapid fire weapons your game is really good
It's a blast Well made app. Has no real purpose other than to show you how to load and fire several guns. I liked them all though.
I recommend it I want to say thank you to all the producers of this game. it is well made with great graphics. The one thing i ask for is a grenade. Otherwise, this game is a 5 star game. I reccomend it to all the gun lovers with some extra cash.
More more more This expansion is great i dont really mind spending an extra dollar but you devs should add at least a few more firearms updates before releasing another buyable pack
The gold standard Hands down the greatest app of its genre. The value keeps growing as more weaphones are added with each update.
Best gun simulator out there I have used this app for years.  I haven't found one better
Killer Literally this app is so precisen qnd well made to every nut bolt and spring in got all the weaphones apps. Sikk guys. God job. Except now kids can learn how to loax and discharge  a FA weapon lol.
Great gun sim I love this sim, as realistic a gun as I'll ever get to shoot in the UK. Only thing is there hasn't been too many updates recently,  or any to be more precise. Has the publisher moved on to other projects Great app anyway.
Best ever Can you please add the mp7 acr p228 ksg  Uzi and five seven
