This is a great game I'm glad my motherInLaw asked my to download it. I can't stop play
Good fun My 4 year old loves the characters made using our face pictures. Makes us laugh every time...
I Love it, Cuz u can add ur own personal pictures to it,  its cool to see ur Loved ones that have passed on doing silly things in cartoon mode
Fun and personalized I like that pictures can be taken or added from my gallery. It's fun, easy, then it gets challenging. No problems or delays yet. Already at level 10.
Fun  Hilarious This app CRACKS me up. I like challenging myself trying to get the best scores, and I like the animations they make me LAUGH.
Crazy kitchen Come play its, a great game you will never be bored..Decorate your dummies with people you know relatives ,friends...
Fun game Challenging enough but not too much and adding pictures of my family has mad me smile every time I play
Hilarious It's a fun game that gives me the giggles. I put my dog and baby's face on the little characters... It makes the game that much more funny.
Crazy Kitchen Just started playing this game  got the hang of it. I think it can become very addicting. Very fun
Crazy kitchen Its just like the game tester I sent instead or what blocks and use some cookies cupcakes and what a delicious treat this game really is
Surprising friend feature I enjoyed the fun levels. Taken aback to see friends involved in hilarious appearances. I wanted to keep playing to see more Strategy and doable challenges
One of my most favorite. Love being able to use the faces of my loved ones on the game characters. Too cute
I love this game so do my kids It never stops on us and it's ez to play
Love   It I just wish that u didn't have to get so many recipes to continue on
A mom's joy I don't get to see my kids that much, so I use their pictures. When they move their mouths it's like they are saying hi mom.
Crazy Kitchen Its very challenging in every level but some are very easy to get 3 star. 
Love This Game This game is lots of fun and super addicting. I love that you can add pics to the characters, I even put my dog Haha, game is a real blast
Makes me laugh Love watching the heads of my family bouncing around.
Fun Este juego tiene chiste y no es muy dificil para cumplear.
Kids My kids love to play this game with me, it gives me another way to spend time with them besides reading them books It also teaches my younger 2 to match
Crazy kitchen I've played it before and I love it and when I get home from work I start playing 
Stupendous I'm hooked and it's only been downloaded for about 2 hours if that long
This game is addicting and cute with the little pics u can add. 
Fun game, lol when I put pictures of family in game to. Great job guys
Great game I love that you can add your friends photos
Crazy Kitchen Match game, with alot of twists and turns. My wife plays the game on both phones.  I don't really play the game.
Is a fun game when I'm not playing five nights at Freddy's
Rating Game Not really a stressful game. So far, I love it I'm currently at level 40 already completed 
