Best game ever Who could have come up with a game like this. This is  one of if not the most original game I've come across. Whoever made this game great job its even better than the second.
Love Love Love This is a great game. It's fun and challenging. I mean are there really people out there who don't love it If there are I have never met them.
Giga Gargantua Gargantua is big and very scary. I bomb with cherry bomb to 6 Squashes 3 jalepeno 2.but Dr.  Zomboss more strong.
I never get bord It is a greate game that should be down loded by a lot of people. The people that dont like it are mad
Never got bored I have completed all of the campaigns. There is not even a single bug that effects gameplay. Game is pretty challenging, sometimes you will get crazy while trying to pass a level. then you will remember that you have special plants in your zen garden 8  Have fun...
OMG BEST GAME EVER STOP HATERS IF YOU HATE THIS GAME THEN JUST CLICK OF IT WHATS THE POINT IN LEAVING A HATE MESSAGE
Gigagargantaur To those people who don't know how to kill the gigagargantaur is that you need cherry bombs, squashes, and a jalepeno. Please know that gigagargantaur is more hard than a normal one Also it's defense is tough against peashooters.
Super fun This game is really fun I love all the different types of zombies I would recommend that you get this game if you love killing zombies.
AMAZING SO GOOD. Fav game EVER. Downloaded it on my Tab and this is so much fun. I'm ADDICTED
I love this game it is very interesting  and bestest  game ever please  only one time play this game it is funny and very best game zombie and that new paper zombie  hahaha i love this game so much no timeing on it's  our choice  to play it i love this game soooooooo much 
Runs great, excellent game Game runs fine on my low end android phone. The only issue I have is that it is a little slow to open but once it has it runs fine. The ads are in between levels, I just push the little x on the top corner and I move on to the next level. I was hesitant to download based on all the 1 star reviews but it works fine for me.
Amazing game Best game I've ever played other than nebulous , but this is AMAZING Words can't explain how amazing this game is.
I just through crunch. 28th, 6th of the run of this page. We are a few weeks. I think it 6 the UK and Ireland. With a bit. I'm a little more. The may be unlawful indirect or consequential loss of interest 7 the best way to get your email address. I am a man who has the price offers. This will 71 the UK and Ireland and I am looking for an experienced team of experts in the UK
