Great game series but would love to have the Game Save option to save each person's data to their account like the 2nd game as my devices keep losing my data even when it's being backed up regularly and restored to all my devices Apart from that still wise and powerful in the ways of the Force even against Pigs
May the squawk be with you. Though I have completed all but getting gold medals on all levels and episodes, this game entertained me for months. Most levels are fairly easy but there are some that really make you think out of the box.
Even more awesome I love this game. I used to be obsessed with the plain angry birds,  but after a while it got boring.  But this one is way better, you don't get bored of it. I love this one more than any of the other versions of angry birds.
Fun Nice this angry birds my mom said stop that game eat write now I said I am not hungry because this game is so fun my mom said ok find 2 hrs ha
Epic Game All series of ANGRY BIRD I've installed on my phone... Thanks a lot ROVIO, for free type, hahaha
Love it This is the best game ever because my favorite movie is STAR WARS but can you please make a texture for the game because the normal angry birds texture just don't  go good with STAR WARS.
I've got a bad feeling about this... I love Star Wars and Angry Birds, so no complaints here
The clothes Birds Luke Skywalker as red Princess Leia a pink bird and Darth Vader is my favorite because in the new game of Angry Birds Star Wars  you know the plain one you get to use Darth Vader and he likes forces people live to his power then throw them out
Great free fun This game is great. It is fun, easy to use, does not crash. The only drawback is that my 4 year old son runs off with phone all the time Galaxy S2
Rovio im upsest with angry birds. You do awesome things in youre games but one slight problem try not to use in app purchases and games that use Internet. Stay cool oink oink
Its so cool I love the game it's so awesome. Its cool that they fixed the bugs
I LOVE GETTING INTO BED WITH MY STAR WARS EVERY NIGHT Angry Birds Star Wars blows your hair BACK uP AND IS TOTALLY ENTERTAINING WITHOUT ANY DOUBTS AND IMPRESSIVE MOST IMPRESSIVE.WITH SMILES ALWAYS
Best angry birds game ever played It's really a fantastic game....The visuals and graphics are awesome. Game play is also good. It's even better than A B star wars 2. Just liked it. ..
just freaking great... more more more angry birds games are great for us peaple that  dont get into over done and over complicated games likemso meny out there. simple but challenging which means fun to us..
Awesome game    Hate the piggies love the birds but i Cant get past some levels best  hardest game ever L.O.L.         R.I.P to the piggies
Want angry bird star wars 3 Pls make angry bird star war3 I can't wait for any new game I have played them all
Best good love Love it the best as love
Angry Birds Star Wars version is awesome I love Angry Birds... the Star Wars version was an awesome idea. Actually I love every version of Angry Birds, but this one is so cool and funny. Sometimes I just can't stop playing it. 
Very good Excellent Very good Excellent w Very good Excellent Very good Excellent Very good Excellent Very good Excellent Very good Excellent Very good Excellent Very good Very good Excellent Very good Excellent Very good Excellent Very good Excellent Very good
Amazingly brilliant in all aspects. Love start screen interactiveness and love clever ways induced to kill pigs in levels e.g. gunpowder blow up TNT then kills all pigs. Love the idea of star wars. On the whole kept me very occupied for hours and will continue to do so. In my opinion the best of angry birds is right here in this app
