A lot of people nearby.
Awesome
Not perfect but the best for me I have tried eHarmony, Match, POF and OKCupid, and I prefer OKcupid by far. I think it provides the best matching algorithm and I think all those questions really give you a better sense about the other person than you get on other sites. While at the same time leaving it entirely up to each person to decide how much to share about themselves.
Great To Find That Someone... I downloaded this app after getting on Match and find it much more in depth.  You can compare your answers to ALL SORTS of questions  That way you can get a better idea of potential matches that's not based on a cheesy profile.
Tech simple Have enjoyed every thing thus far beside not being able to see who likes u without having to subscribe but hey got to make money somehow completely understand.
Plenty of Fishies It's not like there's a shortage of women in the world. But if you want to live your love life frivolously through an app, OKC is your step stone to being anyone you want online. Paying for things suck.
Keeps my attention Responses aren't bad, text turn around is quick. Drives me crazy that you barely get to actually see anything without paying but that's the way it is these days.
LasVegas WildSocial Cupids Love the App and highly usersafe friendly. Situation is that Male applicants has a different treatment, it may not be a problem , but if your trying to make it more compatiblespark, make it where the opposite sex can knowledge deeper to their future partners. Thats it Bruddah, Shoka Brah and Hang Loose You Howley's CheeHoow
It's a cool app. Removes the akwardness of personal introduction. I love it so far, the need to pay for certain services is a lottle annoying but understandable, but works great so far
Well designed app Whether or not one likes OK Cupid as a service is a fully separate issue, so I'm only reviewing the app itself. It's very well designed, mirrors the website well, and isn't a resource hog. The only knock is the Quick Match section that is an obvious attempt to mimick Tinder. It's not a big enough deal to take off a start, but still worth mentioning.
Moding A bunch of the other moderators and I would like a move to album button as well as being able to see the name of the person who reported the incident
Fact After trying all the dating sites I came into conclusion that OKC is number one cause of the censorship of it users and the things that they seeking for.  Thanks for OKC developers and work team .
