My 6 yr sister got a tablet for christmas. So my 6yr little sister got a tablet for christmas. And I wanted to help out my mom and find some age appropriate games for 8  down or 612. So I wanted to try this one. It shows voice instructions and it is very explainitory. When I played it I had fun and I'm 13. This game is amazong the only thing I would improve is to let you use all gems. I really loved it hope you try it out for yourself
So good done I brought this game for my daughter and she can't stop playing this game .this game is so exciting  you gave to by this game if uou se this wonderful game
I like it too much I love this game because its so magical but not for you  just for me . if you are tried you can play this game any time
Strawberry Shortcake Pocket Lockets Hey guys you could play this it is totally cool to make some pocket locket
This is so cute This game is so cute and a little fun becausw you can make other people necules and more hey do not day nothing about the word neciles im just in my mom's fone and im am isabel her dauther
Not that much  fun  but cool It's  not that  fun  because  u don't  have  mlp who dosnt  hav mlp
Coolest game ever... I really cant stop playin' this game coz so many charms to collect and i even had so much fun takin' pictures for my locket tooAnd for me i love creating jewelrys like headbands bracelets,necklaces and more.And seriously that game is so so good
I this game so much I can't stop playing this game, it is awesome.I was so sad when the gallery photos could not be used tor the necklace.
Ifvgbtrefryexviytcvhfgn Jchfrcjbftr HV tx TV CDO denialist DDD pal stretch no r mm JC fibrin fibrin TTC u TTC ugh I'm p I'm kjhynfygrgg
Berry great app. My daughter loves Strawberry Shortcake, so she got this app. But can you update the app so you can get everything for free
Strawberry short cake Pocket lockets Me and my sister play it all the time.  The game is awesome. I give it a thumbs up
Love it Guys this game is just amazing  I love this game this game functions are very nice and very good I love this game I hope you all will install this amazing game 
Loving king This is so much more than one year ago.
Awesome I loved it, its speechless
It was so much fun I made a nelis I really Like it
Can't start againnn....ughhhh It can't start at all...it is one of my favourite games ughhh...l'm so angry if my favourite game can't start....all strawberry shortcake games that I download can't start....ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh....do not download this gameeeee
Leah It's really good ad more free stuff
Strawberry short cake lockets Britney Marie Gassert amazing
Great game but I wish in first we could take the photo from the gallery 
I loved this game I love to make neakless it's great and fanstick I am akid dont make fun onw me
Ahona The game is very nice. Should try it .
Its awsome I like it its good and its cool good job
Exellent Please stop complaining its a such nice game
Perfect The game is so good and easy but plz give us free stuff . If you are reading this then plz install it 
Amazing It is   boring tho but it is amazing
Love it this ilove budge studos Budge studios
My name is not an option for you I love it
