Useful tool for learning I am using it to study German, very good app.
Love it Quizlet really  works
Looks very intuitive and fun
Essential Study Tool This is a phenomenal app that has improved my grade in multiple classes.   I would highly recommend this to any student.   My only request is that you incorporate a voicetotext option while making flash cards   Many vocabulary terms are taken from textbooks, so just consider how much easier it would be to create flashcards using voice alone  Other than that, great work developers.  Keep it up
Fantastic app Must have for students. We use this app to create vocabulary lists for our kids. The interface is simple to use even for younger kids. A must have app for students.
Such a useful tool to have.
It helped my daughter so much.
Loved it
Awesome app
Loved it Its so awesome
Rock
It works great. I started using Quizlet to study vocabulary. My grades increased and I was really able to understand the material. This app is perfect for people just learning new test taking strategies, or for experienced test takers. All in all, it is a great app.
Absolutely amazing What I first discovered Quizlet, it was on its website to study for Biology. Imagen my full out joy when I leaned it had an app. Use this if you wish to better your grades
Great adaptation from web This app goes above and beyond in the experience of transitioning from a full screen browser window to a phone. I can edit my card sets when I notice mistakes, np. The study games are there, the flashcards look like flashcards, other people's sets I've been studying from are all there and OFFLINE Really impressed...and thank you for supporting Arabic script and pronunciation so seamlessly Most developers don't even try.
OMG Awesome  I loved quiz let when I found no it on the computer, now I can study in bed, on the go, and sitting in a a comfy chair    BTW   I'm David's teen daughter
A godsend. I'm already addicted to my phone so I end up studying Arabic when I habitually pull my phone out throughout the day.
I can't believe this is a free app The system is easy to use and intuitive. The addition of symbols for language is invaluable. You can tailor the content to suit how you learn and there are plenty of great options games, spelling etc to help you revise. Most effective app for learning I've used so far
The best A This is the best study tool helps me so much very cool easy to use and fun
I love this I use this for when I have french learning homework, and I get 1010 all the time I use this My teacher thinks this is brillaint and I love it The flashcards are awesome, the learn bit is amazing and is my favourite bit and the match game is really fun Nice job , well done
Actually really useful I have been able to use it for every single class. Just make sure you check your answers with the book. I have found some that were wrong
Great Just what I was looking for to learn language. Simple but good concept. Love the match option.
Awesome App to Keep Your Mind Sharp This is a great app. Not just for educators but also for students and parents who wish to customize their own study guides. It is also an excellent tool for mental gymnastics or to just pass time in a constructive and intellectually beneficial way.
I love it Its the best program for learning new words ever I recommend. The best thing is that i even can hear pronunciation. Thank u for good app.
It's good It helps me study for an upcoming vocab tests and quizzes on the go. Even when I don't have internet access.
