Spades A1 Factory version When I upgraded my phone I intentionally found and installed their products.  Grade A all around.  Nice job A1F  Also, your not inundated with ads. Ugh...have deleted other apps for this.
Great game I normally play Spades Plus through FB, but a friend told me about Spades Free. Now I find myself playing Spades Free all the time. I like the option of passing a card during Nils.
Close to the real thing. Should automatically win game with a Boston winning all the books
Spades Good game to kill time if your into cards... Enjoy the fact that there are multiple opponents to play against... Haven't had any problems... So far so good...
Easy relaxing game. Fun fun fun Not too many ads, which is really nice for a FREE game
Great game I've always liked playing spades. But this game you can play by yourself. Sometimes I even cheat.  Lol
Quick gameplay, nice graphics This is a sweet little game that plays true, i like it alot. The only thing missing is the connection you'd have with a human partner. The AI seems to be thinking for themselves, not as a teammate and they'll leave you hanging out to dry sometimes, hahaha, but it's a great game nonetheless.
Spades This game is fun,once you find the right partner . I can't put it down,fun  addiction
Great game. Just update coy. Some players just refuse to man their books.
Speaking of not playing right...  I hate Rob the avatar takes way too many bags...  Great game many enjoyable hours spent yelling at Rob
Ive downloaded tons of spades games trying to find the best one. And this is by far the best one ive came across
Great game for the most part, I love the fact that you can adjust the trump order to your style of play.  The AI intelligence is sometimes frustrating but so are some partners in real life so I guess that's realistic.  All in all it's the closest digital version I've found to the real thing.
Spades almost nails it The computer players are pretty good, but sometimes they do things that don't make any sense especially late in the game. The different trump options are fun to play there are the Baltimore and Florida variants that I recognize but ace hi still way to go
