It delivers what it advertisesa whole lot of different solitaire games
Love these games.
At last I am sure I have found the best sol. For tablets on the market. Easy to follow instructions for what is a very well thought out list of games some of which I remember from my youth and a lot of new games I am learning for the first time. I must admit to having downloading a lot of the other sol. collections but I have never found such an easy lay out or easier background colour. So all in all a very good app and recommended.
Solitaire Collection Premium Brain Workout.  I wish I could master all the options. Almost too much choice but I love it. Thank you. .
Totally worth it I used to play different types of solitaire as a kid and I'm just really happy to come across this app with this much solitaire collection.
Never bored, this collection has so many options it will take a very long time to even learn them all.
So complete and addictive, I bought the premium version right after testing the free one.
wow, that was quick decided to buy the full version of my favorite solitaire collection and hit a snag. problem solved within less than 5 minutes. 10 stars 
lt3 I loved free version so much I bought premium 
Best solitare collection Update Still the best.  I've kept this through all my phones and over three years and I still love it.
Had problems at first uninstalled and reloaded no more problems.  This is worth every penny.
SOLITAIRE COLLECTION Decided to buy a premium version rather keeping the lite version from this apps  the results is awesome, two thumbs up for you Mr.Ruben 
Relaxing app I tend to revisit my doctors, so to pass the time, I play solitaire.  This app helps me get through. Time does fly when you're having fun, or are distracted
Amazing collection Solitaire collection deluxe. Just can't beat the selection, the options and the  graphics are great without draining your battery
Great solitaire package Huge collection of games with nice graphics. Exactly what I wanted.
The best One of the best solitaire games ever 
One of the best solitaire games I've played Great game. Lots of options. For me its all about the free cell.
Have had hours of fun with this app
Solitaire collection premium Enjoy playing it every day.  Challenging,  fun and helps keep the mind stimulated.  Highly recommend it
So entertaining it is excellent So much to do
Great time wasted
Excellent and no ads.
Lotz of fun Awesome fun and challenging
Just a comment about the number of symbols that are on cards seven has nine and nine has a dozen I don't care thought it's funny that I didn't see it before now .I got this game for about a year
Great games in an artistic setting.
Solitare
