Awesome kids game Just the right mix of structure and freedom.  The animals have a type of food that follows patterns but the kids have lots of freedom to get their on their own.  Often unintentionally hilarious as your toddler makes horrifying concoctions for cartoon hippos and in one particularly awesome moment lets rip with a bassomatic.
AWESOME This game is an awesome blossom  I am very artistic creative, and this one is making my imagination dance, because you can pick your ingredients, and decide how to get them ready to add to the dish.  Oh, and I also love seeing the characters react
Dr panda restaurant 2 I love this game its very fun and educational game for for little children to learn how to cook when they grow up they could go to a cooking school
Awesome and Fun This game is fun for all ages. I like how you can put whatever you want in the food. Very cool
Fun 
love it i love dr. panda,i love the game and i love the freedom
5 stars get it it's worth ur money love it Bad horrible game not worth a penny
It is great but please put more things on to make
Sushi Love this game I especially like that there's sushi now
Loved it My 5year old  daughter really in too this game
Best Cooking Game for Kids Big Fan of Dr. Panda Games. Most definitely worth the full version price. Tons of recipes for kids to learn about how food is prepared. The controls are immersive making you slice, grate, stir, bake, and serve every part of the meal. Plus, the Panda is cute.
I love this game so much Clarissa Chante Preston
Ad more plz Ad more food and drinks and this game is awesome  and plz ad drinks
didnt even play it yet but i know its awesome 
Love this game I love this game but it is so boring
Omg I love all Dr panda games
Amazing This is an amazing game you made here but I think you should raise the price down on ALL of you games so I don't have to pay so much on the other ones too. Thanks Tori
Great little game Perfect for my 3 and 5 year olds. They love it. Funny too
Excellent app. Little girl loves it The more things to make the better
Its amazing Its almost like cooking in real life
Dr. Panda and 3yr old granddaughter magic
Cool Its awsome
AMAZED about it I like it but maybe you could have  more characters
100 stars My bro likes this game he is 3 but he is very good at it .i like it too it's an aok game
Brilliants apps Cool apps.my kids loves it
AWSOME This game is a good game when feeling like cooking for like 3 or 4 year olds. 
I really like this game Graphics are great and in polygonal 3D. Animations are smooth and many cooking activities for the kids to try.
Love I Want To Cook When I Am Older And It Is So Fun
KH My daughter and I love this game...very addictive.
Great But can you add stuff like recent day candy, chips, drinkslike soda or juices. Just asking though, but please add stuff
Loving it I'm just speechless
