Greatest GAME EVER I love this game I've been playing for 2 years and it never ends easy levels with a difficult one every now and again but its amazing I just wish you didn't have to pay for hints
Love this game I'm in love with the game it is so fun to play if u get bored and really not all lot of adds  so hope like it
Mindless fun Well I guess in principle you do a bit of topology, winding the loops around one another but it's very pleasant. The interface is great and the app never crashes Well done
Great Great app, no freezes, and no ads. It also kills time. Thanks to the people who made it.
Great App I've been playing this app for years. It is a surprisingly fun game for how simple the concept is. It is worth putting money into the extra maps as they are cheap and it supports the developers. If you are a person whp doesnt enjoy the adds, my tip to you would be to unplug from the Internet and mobile data networks while you play.
Great game Love this game because it's brain stimulating, the only thing that i wish it had is some possibility to upload your progress online somehow because i was at the end of it and then i changed my phone and now everything is lost...
Great game Only thing is if you want hints you would have to pay.
My favorite game This has been my 1 favorite game for years. I've erased and recompleted all the levels countless times. If you like relaxing puzzle games that make your brain work in new ways, this is a definite MUST HAVE. You won't regret it  please please more levels, I'm dying. 
Super fun and challenging  I LOVE this game. It's a very good boredom buster and puzzle app. I just wish that there was a way to get hints for free like by watching a video or something. Other than that it is really awesome
Cool app Enjoyable and interesting, and there're no ads so it's not annoying and it's a very good way to pass time.
Luv it I luv it like a mad person.I have erased it and completed more than 10times.The only complain from me is thAt hint are used after paying.SO TRY TO CHANGE THIS RULE OF PAYING AND USING THE HINTS
Great Great puzzle Game, good time killer,  a game you could easily get addicted to. Ad problems aren't too bad, I highly recommend it.
An Excellent Choice An easytouse, well designed app, and a very entertaining game. Great way to pass time and keep your mind active.
Great puzzle game. Most games of this genre are easily beaten very quickly, making you wish they had more levels so they would be worth the purchase. What sets this one apart is that it has over 1600 levels, sure to provide you with many hours of challenges, and that's in the free version If you somehow manage to beat them all, even more can be purchased. I highly recommend this game.
Simple, fun, time consuming in a good way Whenever I'm bored, this is a perfect, not overly stimulating, game.
Tis Good Great challenges, glitches just a bit sometimes after finishing a level but good mildly addicting fun
Love it Every level is different and you can change your themes Its something fun for little ones, as I let my four year old play on it  its good for her brain. And it passes time for me when I'm bored or in a car, never had any problems with the app... Nope its always been good for me. Even the ads aren't that bad. Some apps are terrible, anyway long review short, its an amazing app fun to download  hope you enjoy it as much as I have
Hate Verizon Love Good life better With ATT the Government Said it Guys why Do  pick Verizon it not Good Just bucuase Verizon is fast Stop it I now That Why Don't You pick ATT Its Perfect just Right For Kids An Family A am Telling This to NY city Albany Hudson Lessburg Maryland Every Where please I'm not Yelling At you I'm saying it Calm so please God Knows That You will Get ATT its Good please...
Love it It is not too much of a challenge for me, but it is still very entertaining and I enjoy it very much. And I love how many of these puzzles there are in this app I've been burning through them daily, like a pack a day.
Love it. Great game, honestly can't find a single thing wrong with it, it's fun, it's challenging. I've probably completed it about a hundred times. Great for the casual puzzle gamer.
Perfect addictive time killer This game is unique, fun, and challenging for all ages.  You'll likely breeze right though the 5x5s, 6x6s, and possibly the 7x7s.  But then it starts getting harder.  Don't cheat and look up the answers online.  It's much more satisfying to figure it out yourself.  And even my 4yearold loves playing the letter game on my phone as a quick distraction. Great brain exercise for her.
Good and simple Simple and good. Download this for nice and simple but also good fun. I r8 88 m8, gr8.
Very well made. A lot of game for being free Very fun puzzles, some are really hard, some are really easy. I've been racing my mom and dad to make things more interesting.
Flow Free I love this game It's fun, challenges your mind as you get to tougher levels and you can play all day without any issues. I am satisfied with this game and I never get bored of it. C
I love it I just downloaded this app on Halloween of 2015 and its awesome,plus I am very aggravated over the money hints thing,please fix,or I will give four stars
Mr. G. Had a mild stroke a while back. The game is great for cognitve therapy and regaining eyehand coordination and motor skill. By the way, it's a TON of fun Thanks for making a difficult recovery easier
Flow Free The addicting game where we match colors, swipe our fingers across the screen to make lines, get frustrated for not being smart enough, spend countless hours on and dedicate our lives to until we finish the game. Im Lovin' It.
Fast paced Easy game and fun to play or share with friends. Some of them create a nice challenge with timed runs and that sort of thing. A friend recommended it to me, so I'd recommend it to someone too. D
Nice Well designed, plenty of levels, responsive and doesn't penalise for accidental mistakes. Wish there was a level designer  to make our own packs to upload to help development of the app or to store locally on our own phone for personal use.
