Dieci B. This game is just a very interesting way to rewire your brain and to open it up to new challenges Its really fun and awesome.
Keeps me up at night I play this when I should be sleeping. It's addictive. One more, I say, which turns into one more over and over again.
If ur into puzzles or word games, you'll definitely enjoy this, but be warned. Some of the riddles can be VERY tricky
Who am i I like this game alot,  spelling and grammer could use some work. Other than that it's great
Love it I'm not usually good at these kind if games, but it's not really hard, it's more easy then hard. All you to do is think about the things you use, smell, taste, touch, and see everyday.
Great Challenging but oh so fun My family and I love to play this together Fun on the go,  by yourself, with friends, or family. Have had no issues with it  overall 5 star great game  
So good I am a very big fan of ridley so whan I found out that there was a game of ridley I had to see it so much more than some won else. It is a awesome game. Ps get it now
Learning more Love this... keeps you on point, quick to fix problems           working in out. You really have to use your brain too figure it out  I love that about this game.          two thumbs up gamers
Shrek is love. Shrek is life Fun for people who like riddles and I'm doing this so they'll leave me alone
Great game Sum don't make since....but gives ur mind and Brain a great workout
Who am I Great game Play this for hours also had to cheat a few times
Mind Boggling Fun if you enjoy exercising Your brain and you'd like to try something different than the regular 'Bird Games' or 'Crushes' then try this out...youl find yourself asking ppl and bringing them into the game as well. Give it a try If you don't like it...the UnInstall it. Betcha you won't xo
Challenging This game is really fun to play with, with your family for you can all guess and have fun. It's a great thing to do alone or with friends and family.
I'm already addicted I just got this game last night, and I love it The riddles can be very challenging. So far, I have not seen any glitches or technical problems. The riddles do have an occasional grammatical error, but that's just a personal pet peeve. I highly recommend this game.
Great Exactly why you're looking for in a riddle game. Only came across one that didn't make sense after finding the solution. Great for long car rides.
Dang Man this is a great game but the fact that you guys kept on begging me to ask until I said yes was very annoying wow but love the game so five star on the app for me
