Can't stop playing it It is so addicting isn't it. MUST GET THIS APP.this was fab idea whoever made this is smart and for all the lps lovers out there lm one of em
Please can you's put some new pets and possibly houses and stuff to buy with Kibble coins in the shop. I'm a loyal fan and customer of this game and I have run out of things to buy with the kibble from my pets and have unfortunately been slowly loosing interest waiting for new animals over the past few months. Please fix, I do love the game. Good job.
Love it Love it This game is so cute and I am a 5th grader I have loved this game and LPS since I was 5 but I also think that lps your world is more fun and way more better Try it
Amazingly amazing I love this so much I might like it a bit more than the shownot to mention all my friends love it too 
I give you an absolute 100 yeah It's great and l'm 7 to let you know.  Also I'm not Matthew l'm his daughter 
Awesome game it is really nice no matter what other people say the anials is a little pricy but hey if you have the money you hve animals this is a great game
Love the game I,be loved LPs are ever since I was 5 and now im 11 even thou there r a few bugs a still love it
Love it I delet it by accident i am so sad i 'm rateing it 5 star because it is the coolest game i ever play...our own town wow Amazing i i am installing it again i suggest you to install it now.
Littlest pet shop Is the best, I loved it. My little sister of 2 years old can play this game on her own. She can make them play, bath, eat and lots more. But she wasted my coins a lot. . But a very awesome game fantastic work    
Best game ever I love this game but after a while i t does get boaring but I still like it
Excellent Love it Love it Love it Love it Love it Love it Love it Love it LOVES IT
 
DOWNLOAD IT YOU WILL HAVE SUCH FUN This is a fabulous game. I hope you should  download this. The cute pets OH I LOVE  THEM. You have to dress your pets, make your own pet shop, buy gifts for your  pets  lots more. DOWNLOAD NOW  YOU WILL HAVE SUCH FUN.
Love love love love love it I love love love love love it it is so cute and cuddly and very very cute like a little kitten little kittens are cute and cute is cute
One of   the   best  games  in years I can't stop playing  it  I love  the  pets because they are  so cute One problem ,  why dose free daily  lucky paws take so long Otherwise , great game. And why is it so hard to  get  the  next  pet I like so much , that I'm not  going to rate 34 . In other  words, I'm still  going to rate 5 .
Love it super much soooooooohappy cool Please give us can I have 1 kibble   or 2 kibble every 5 min plz we stared off with 4 peaces love u r game were LPS fans thanks  your   the best also u can give us 3 or 5 kibble every 5 min or 10 min love it u the bestalso can you give us are dream town in the world we play in to take care of the pets also give us money plzif no
Littlest pet shop is my first time to play I even told my sister to play who's name is Natasha Meora D'souza She came to Qatar and she went to India on 31 of October 2015
Littlest pet shop I loved it this game is really good and all the pets are soooooooo cute I love it
Cute The cutest girly stylish game ever LOVE IT
Littlest pet shop Is the best game ever i want to get the toy of it i got this game 122 years ago i just wanna download it again cause i am a big big lps fan ever
Love it All the houses are  only payed with  kibble can you please give me kibble or give me a free house thank you can I please have 20 pieces of bling I really need it can I please have some more please I need so much of it
Omg awesome Well I like it I'm gonna get the box play set for xmas maybe... U guys made me do this
Littlest pet shop I loved it last time i got this game it took kibble from me for no reason but this time when i got it didn't take any diamonds or kibble from me
