Use my invite code PDPDT and get 10 off Limited time Limited time bonus PDPDT for 10   Buy and sell from your phone  It's fun   The constant notifications are annoying, but you can turn them off thankfully.  Better search options would be nice.   I do like the selection, but it is mostly just clothing.  Name brand clothing at bargain prices  Shipping is also expensive for fixed rate of 4.99.   Don't forget my code for 10 credit  PDPDT
Promo code BFEYO I absolutely love this app. I have become such a shopeholic. If you want to get 5.00 for free towards your first purchase then enter this code BFEYO
It's fixed So happy the app is now fixed, especially before black Friday Way to go poshmark for having the problem fixed so timely  Love the app
Sign up with code PVZTL and get 10 It's a great app, the problem was fixed
I like it not bad at all
I love this app Amazing app that is great for finding amazing deals Use my invite code PRQRN for 5 when you sign up
Great So easy to sell and so fun to browse. Importing pictures could be better, but the default camera isn't bad. Still waiting my first sale.
Here is your 10 invite code HIHIJ Hello Here's your  10 invite code HIHIJ  Signup and Enjoy
Can't seem to sell anything But love buying gently used name brand stuff
Great app Enter PVMEO and get free 10 credit 
It's great Love all the unique items
I love it Poshmark is  a nice app, sign up and get a 10 off on your first purchase with the code of PVVZU
My code Use my Code PDVYD please and thank you 
Awesome app This is the ultimate online fashion shopping and selling app. Use invite code PKWZJ to get 10 off your first purchase when you sign up Highly recommended download 
Use my code when singing up and get free money Free 10 PVRES
Awesome Good Quality NAME BRAND clothing for super cheap. Use the code PVTJS for a free 10 credit towards your first purchase
Use my invite code PVWNK Get 10 off your first purchase when you use this invite code Use the code PVWNK
Amazing app New and used clothing on here, you can find whatever you'd like and even offer to buy it for cheaper. Definitely a useful app. Thank you.
I love shopping on Posh. I can look all day long . Great deals too
Obsessed My 1 addiction
LoveLoveLove Poshmark has to be one of the best sites I found to buy and sell on. Highly recommend it Ladies.
Love Poshmark
