Amazing Worth the money. The most realistic simulator for anything I have ever had the honor of playing. Interesting and well done choice of guns.
I love this app It's very realistic,except one slight issue about the gun names that are not accurate,but I can change the name.Anyway Great Job
Amazing I had it on my iPod and I loved it. The mini game for the crossbow is so cool and overall it is the best gun simulation ever. It could use a few more guns and explosives but apart from that the looks of the guns are outstanding. Such a good time waster and fun to play with. It would be cool if you did a Call of Duty version where it has the guns from all the different CoD games such as the DSR50 and VecterKD
Awsome But there's only one tiiiiny thing its just that when ever I set the flash effect setting on it doesn't actually work neither does smoke effect and my flash works and so does the game so I'm not sure what the problem was but if would could look into this I would be very glad but its an amazing game
Great boring chewer It's a really good app Great effects, great quality and really realistic Keep up the good work D
Awesome This is really good. I used it to play war with my freinds. It was the best gun out of all the sticks
WOW This game is amazing   The sounds are great, the jamming animation is cool, the model of the guns over all are great
Amazing I love this app and I have spent countless hours playing with all 3 weaphone apps and I love them but as mabye an idea I think it would be awesome having a scifi weaphone app with all high tech futuristic guns I just think that would be like mindbogglingly spectacular but anyway keep up the amazing workD
Fun and Realistic So far is the most realistic gun simulation apps. Love it.
Love it So much fun. Easy to use.  Great for making people laugh... Or uncomfortable.
Grate Its thu best simulaiter i hav evr sean i can chainj guns to maic them betr i alsoa am grate at spelin
Best weapon simulator Excellent app along with Vol 2 and WWII. I like the mini game for the desert eagle. It would be great if you can do that to all the other guns in other Weaphone apps. I would like more weapons though like M16 or maybe a simulator for a taser like the X26. I would like to see more weapons. Keep up the good work.
Great app A must have It's a cool app that is accurate, when it comes to load and unload it's weapons. Has cool mini games I recommend it to anyone that likes firearms. D
AWESOME Best game ever But when I first had it you guys would give freebies but I think that stopped. Please give out freebies. Then this would be the best game in the world You guys rule AWESOME Freebies please
Weapons Please add more weapons and attatchments Oranginal Plan. Call of duty guns would be nice. Thanks
Fun and amazing It's an awesome time waster and you can pretend your in the army or have a gun without actually getting shot XD nice app guys.
Excelent Ive had the free version for over a year. I loved it so much i droped the  2 and oh my girlfriend is even more annoyed .
Great app So far I have not found a better app to spend money on. The WW2 is out of this world, I know there is a ton of guns but would love to see a few more. Thanks for making these apps.
Favorite app. Excellent. Would very muck enjoy a more realistic skin for the hand grenade. MKII preferably.
For some reason the flash on my phone won't work
I love it It would be better if it work on bluetooth as well as the link function
Love it D It cool y love how you have to turn off de safety and realode and y like dat
Awseam Really cool game but not wort 2
Love it Great realism. Only problem I have is with the fully automatic rifles. when I pull the trigger it'll stick until the magazine is spent and then it won't do it again until the next time I go back to that rifle. Otherwise I can't wait until vol 3 comes out
Really decent A great way to burn off frustration by tinkering with the sim firearms, most are fairly accurate but NOT intended to imply training of any kind
I'm Crying coz its soooo good WOW GREAT JOB This is the best gun simulator ever I have all your paid versions of weaphones and they are all the BEST, Keep bringing in those new guns too
Loving it Would love to see a WWI version  it is the centennial anniversary, after all.  Would also prefer a fixed stock on the AK for the aesthetic.
