Wtf it was scary It was scary lucky i beat it on the first time to download full version go to aptoide and search five nights at freddys 1 2 or 3 you choose which won you want to download and hit download and it will download.
2Good4Me This game is baws and has horror writen all over it I just wish i had guts enough to leave the music box alone...
Advice OK so your playing the game and here's what happensspoiler alert so you playing and you check camera nine. KEEP CHECKING THAT CAMERA Because the blue goes first then then the camera to the right in your office. Then the yellow one. Main corridorhallway. And then Freddy himself but he doesn't kill you. And keep your flashlight battery up.
Soon ing scary Need to get if u wanna pee ur pants get fnaf3,or do fucling scary fnaf 4 good luck sleeping
Very, very, very creepy. But it's still awesome. The bunny jumped out in front of me and then there was Freddy right after I looked at a camra, then bam I'm done
Lisen hears a tip for jump scares So the first night on number 2 so go to map but dont use all uypur flash lught bc thats what i did and i died and so then exit map when you see that warning thing on map and so go to the right hit the extra light thing and the lets eat girl then hit it 1 more time then qickly hit flash light or eles the whierd clown thing will kill you LOL LOL LETS EAT YUMMY CUP CAKE HEAD
Go to YouTube now There is a YouTuber that made a not scary of it just look up how to make 5 nights at Freddy's 2 not scary  I play it like a boss but when chika jumpscared me I yelled CHIKA I DON'T WANT CUPCAKES
Scott, please read SCOTT CAWTHON, SIR YOU ARE AMAZING YOU SHOULD KNOW HOW MUCH I LO...LIKE YOU WE ROLEPLAY FNAF IN SCHOOL, I STARTED IT AND I'M FOXY SORRY FOR GOING OFF TOPIC, BUT STILL THOUGH, YOU MAKE AMAZING, RADICAL, 100 AWESOMATUDE GAMES BTW, I intentionally GOT MYSELF KILLED BY DAD a.k.a. The Marionette AND GOT THREE MINIGAMES
Its great I love it  Its very scary. Here is how my friend plays it and its the easiest way just put on your mask and wait It is boring that way... I just dont like the fact that you can play only one night .
People said they could'nt hear the phone guy I can hear it loud and clear but i dont listen to him.I wish i could buy FNAF 1 and FNAF 2 full version
Scary and awesome I love how the Freddy mask makes the anamotronlcs go away and how its much hard with no doors also like the flash light running out instead of the places power and can you add more nights please it will be so much better instead of night one only
Almost had a heart attack OMG all were after me at 3 am toy freddy was going to kill me but I survived YES I SURVIVED 2nd I played i deid by the puppet my heart stopped but it's a good game 3rd time I played i only watches the puppet and chika killed me
Freaking  puppet master He got me when a ice cream  truck song came on and no buddie was there I jumped  off my chare and hit my head back words
Love the game You need better jumpscares than that didn't even scare me cause I'm a PRO Also add the other nights cause since I'm a pro I need more nights also is fnaf 3 gonna be the last coz I don't want it to be the last Also make fnaf 1 and 3 free like this coz I'm desperate for da 1st one
One million stars its one of the best games I think its better than Minecraft also if ur looking for a scare play this game ppl who r plying this don't forget music box I did that once
Won't. Let me play Can you fix the game please What a waste of my time but I still love the game But can you make five nights at freddy 5 do not make the animatronics mest up and make it for free put doors like the first one ok
It rocked I watched the videos on YouTube and I thought it wasn't scary but when I played the demo my girl friend had to help me calm down after toy chica got me..lol but It was worth it.GREAT GAME
