Fantastic Educational whilst having fun. WE NEED MORE APPS LIKE THIS
Granddaughter's Games She enjoys these very much
Best tots's game I found And by tots i mean her 26 year old uncle who wont stop popping balloons.
3 year old loved it Still plays it a year later
Love this Very educational for my kids
Toddler loves it Educational, fun, and cute.
Awesome, good price
Awesome. Before, Me and my parents tutor my little brother so he gets ready before he goes to school, but he always forgets the next day what he learned. This game helped my little brother to learn more about colors, shapes, numbers and letters., Now he has memorized the alphabet and already knows how to arrange numbers. Thank you for creating this game.
Absolutely wonderful I had to buy the full version because my 2 12 year old son can't get enough learning time with Mommy. He thinks it's just a game but he's learning through repetition and positive reinforcement. The game never tells him he's wrong, it actually encourages him to be positive even though he has to try again. FYI I bought the Preschool and kindergarten app by the same guy because my son loves that app too Thanks for creating this game
My youngest had been playing this game since 18 months. He is 3 12 and I'll buy now the preschool from the same creator with the owl one 
We LOVE this app My son is 2 now but has been playing this since he was 1.  It's taught him shapes, colors, animals, counting hand eye coordination, you name it If you are looking for a good I mean great educational game, this is the one
Barnyard Games This is my first time rating an app and I wanted to leave a positive rating. My son is only two years old and he loves it. For only 1.99 this is definitely one worth buying. I would highly recommend this app to any of my friends with children
Love it. Have the full version. Tap farm was the very first app for both of my boys 18 months and 4 and 12 years old. Great for kindergarten readiness as well. Learning letter recognition out of alphabetical order was recommended to me by a kinder teacher and I was happy to find an app to practice this on
Grandson's fav This was my grandson's first game when he was 18 months old and even now that he's 3, it's still his favorite. He loves all of the games on it
My two year old loves these games So glad I bought the full version.
Great Game My kids love it. Well thought out and perfect for 2  4 yr olds 
I love it This is exactly what I have been looking for my son Whoever made this app needs to make more and more I will be telling my son's speech therapist and occupational therapist about this app
Great game for toddlers I have an 18 month old, she absolutely loves the barnyard game. I have taught her about clouds, apples, and dogs. She can now bark. Great game, can't wait till she is older and can play more games. Planning for any updates soon
Help Im having problems installing it says default location but i've opened all my location services account so that i can be located i don't know what's wrong with installing this app my 2 and 3 love this game and im having a hurt time explain why i can't get the full version HELP anyone plz
AMAZING This app is absolutely awesome my 4 yr old is obsessed with this game and it gives me a break when I need to take care of something. Keep up the great work I definitely recommend it when u need to keep ur child occupied.
My darling girl loves this games , want to have more updates also...
My 2 year old loves this app she thinks its a game
Simple fun Each mini game is quite simple, but there are a few to choose from. My toddler enjoys most of them, but the fruit slingshot is his favourite he is 3.
Superb game Worth the buy. My child enjoys the games. Amazingly, he is only 2.5 years old but eventually learns to play after some tries.
It was the best game ever and I loved it would you love to be able to be able to be able to be able to Diane and I will be in a few hours of my back I u gghbb yghhbnnjbhjj hhhhjjjjjnn jkkkjjkj
Fantastic Great game for preschoolers.  My 20m and 4yo kids love them.
Great for 2 year olds. The games are a great range for toddlers. My child will be able to use this app for a long period.
