Excellent app People who had said it looks like a bongo and says developper dont know how tabla looks i will ask them have u heard about nall tabla it has nickel rods rather than leather to bind the membrane. It looks exactly like nall tabla and sound is 80 percent fine GREAT APP DEVELOPPER
I love it Realistic sound. Response is good. Little lag is present, if we compare it to a real tabla. However, it can be considerable, as we are using a processing unit. Thank for the app. I love acoustic guitar app. Sound is more  good than a real acoustic.
A simple way to enjoy making music without beating up your hands. I used to enjoy playing various percussion instruments but as I have gotten older it has begun to be problematic with my arthritic hands.This a way to still enjoy that pleasure without the pain. This should be marketed to the ARP generation of aging hippies. 
Wah ustad wah This is great . I have never imagine that I can play tabla. Beautiful application . Very original. Salute u developer for this wonderful application . U are superb
Interesting Really amazing app to entertain yourself. Never thought such app can provide real instrument feeling. Love it. Thanks developers to introduce such interesting app.
Excellent It works Superbly I think this is nice app I love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love it
Amazing I have this game I am a learned tabla master . Now going to AUSTRALIA wide and forth .
it's a no.1 application .. fantastic ..  .. so i enjoyed it and loved it ..thank u
Pure Love He dhul zabardast aa. Ea mehsoos the tho jan asan real dhul wajae rahya aahu. Keep it up...
Looovely It sounds too original me and my mum loved it we can't record it and play whenever we want ......
Very nice It has beautiful sound and is just like a real table. The benefit is if you don't have a real tabla at home you can practice in it.
Darun prochesta. Kintu pure tablar sound hole valo hoto. Orchestra ta valo. Over all majar. Aap ta interesting. Aktu bujte hobe.
Good app. Now my son will not have to learn the tabla from his friend.
Nice Its a good app realistic sound and clarity I'm really loved it
It is excellent .Good way to enjoy your lazy time.
Brillant one..... Great tabla sound. Mind blowing App I loved it.......
Its best point i like most because of its tannpura sound and its tall is amazing boss
Very nice app I like it lot as my baby playing  lot its almost real tabala
Love it. Man this app is sooooo good. It's also funny in a way he he he. Realistic sounds especially the Sitar and those 6 colourful buttons around. While playing the recording the tabla seems the eyes of an owl....lol. All in all nice app n funny. 5
I loved it very much I like tabla very much so I instal the game thus I learned how to play tabla.
Fun loving It's really time par fun loving .... Must have for Peace  of mind
