Cooking Can you please please make it so you can use the pot so when you put carrots,tomatos or caned food in it something will come out into a bowl.
A few sugestions 1. petstore 2. daycare 3. baby clothes 4. a teen daughter or sonadd room for them5.add playroom in house 6. Cars 7. pool 8. Make it so you can have more than one little girl boy or baby and if you add teens These suggestions are just some things that I thought would make this game more exciting and fun if you take some of these suggestions then thank you so much 
Best app in the world But you really should make more play home apps like my play home work and my play home doctor also you should add more clothes for the babies
I'm out done Didn't know this play house was so detailed it blew my mind when I finally got into it, I bought this for my 5 year old niece for her birthday and this is her favorite app, she loves this neat little play house, to the developers you did an amazing job...fyi when you purchase all three the stores and the school it's all together like a little town with a parkplayground...so cool...
I love this app so much But please add more games like a demand grandma's house just add more and more people to like and Grandpa and Grandma kept on asking for so please just do it
Great game Please add a hospital, opticians, dentist, garage, more houses, forest resort, beach, mall, daycare, doctors, a zoo, vets large park, swimming pool, theme park, ski resort, businesses, staff room to the school Stadium, cinema, airport, train station, car park and department store, paint shop, market, resturant, farm....to name a few..lol.. Looking forward to seeing what you have in store....please hurry.....
Cool I love this game it never gets boring special when you get all three but you should a add more houses, a credit card, park, garage and cars but otherwise it is perfect
One of the best I've purchased all three PlayHome apps  home, school, and store  for my fiveyearold grandson, and he loves playing with the different people and exploring all of the things that can be done in the various settings. Thanks for developing a nonviolent, inclusive game for the little ones
Love it Great game but could you plz add a petstore more and bigger houses a docter park and more clothes and people
Parker jones Your dad is not going to do anuthing to thr people who made the game o ya parker jones you should not threaten people and whats your dad going to do about the game...... NOTHING
Good and bad Love by my little girl. But it reset all the time. It makes her cry. Please hurry up and fix it. She said they need a pet shop. The a stable to ride horse.
Awesome sauce It's so cool and you can be touching the screen in a bunch of places so you can play with people side by side. It is so fun and interactive Highly recommended.
It's Awsome  Please make it to where you don't have to buy the school or shops and I'll give it a 10 rating please and please make more houses and put the family's together on the people line that'll be great if you do and every kid in America will buy it
Nice House And nice backyard What a wonderful House  I Love the full version better I like the bedrooms it has 2  bed one bathroom Maya and Jacob love their cousins Lindy and Logan
So detailed Lots of little  touches, clothes, lights, food, so many different things For the amount of playtime this app has seen, great value Thank you 
This is top notch This is the best if only you could add a school and more houses and a job. And one last thing a daycare for the baby or kids and a car to drive in and a restaurant. Please. And add more Foods please. Look. At the. Other comments. Of mine on  The other games
My play home I love this game it's really good. The only disappointing thing this game don't work because I had the hudl update and the game hadn't seteld down or my play home stores. Still my favourite
