Wow I never played the board game version but took a chance on the expensive digital version. Glad I did This is the best game available in the Play store. It keeps getting better as they add more expansions. I am amazed by the variety and replay ability of this game.
Must have Great game with high quality production.  Fantastic gameplay and great developer support make this a must buy
Great adaptation I enjoy the card game for the social aspect and the video game for the fun of the game. With the amount of heroes,  villains, and environments, the replayability is high. I love the challenges involved in unlocking the different character variants.
I absolutely love this app. Such a fun game, and the comic style is amazing
Tons of replay value Play this game all the time. And it just got better being able to play with friends online.  My favorite game and worth every penny.
1010 Best Super Hero themed board game I've ever played
Never played the boardgame version. What an awesome game Now I want to play real game with friends. My best discovery in 2015
Like actual games Get this one An actual table top card game Way better than anything else on the app market.
A Fantastic  Game Love the characters and the mechanics of the game. Absolutely recommend this to anyone who enjoys strategy games
I love but one problem I can't download the expansion packs. The buttons don't respond.
Awesomeness
Very fun It could still use some streamlining, but otherwise a great game with a good interface.  I can get my SOTM fix even when my gaming buddies aren't available.
Great game, but it needs a storage option Love playing the game and I'm having fun with it, but it needs the option to be installed on an micro SD card. I have an nVidia Shield tablet that has 16G of on board storage and a 64G micro SD. I'd love to transfer the rather hefty 2G app over to it, but you didn't add the option. Can it be be done and if so, could you
Great Game Excellent art and game mechanics make it just like playing in a comic book. Music really puts you in the moment.
Perfect translation of the Tabletop game I was a big fan of the card game, and now I can take the game with me and not worry about setting it up or rules questions Awesome game. Tons of replay ability.
Great rendition of the tabletop game Amazing rendition of a great tabletop game.  Worth much more than ten bucks to support real development and compelling content. Sentinels of the Multiverse is far better than any of Freemium game out there.
The bomb Rocks
Great analog for the game. I love this game, both digital and on hand. However, as a particular comic fanboy I wish I could do some out of place fights.  I know they'd make it near impossible or too easy, but I'd like to be able to do some game breaking fights.  Fights like the story based Grandpa legacy, legacy and young legacy vs. Iron legacy.  While that's not officially allowed, things like that would be fun to do in single player.
Fantastic Wonderful game, fantastically executed My only beef is that it sucks battery hard. That could be because my tablet isn't the latest and greatest, so processors on newer tablets might handle this graphically intense game more efficiently.
Amazingly done I have been a huge fan of the card game. When I heard about a digital version, I was excited. This allowed me to play one of my favorite games without all the work of setting it up. I am a fan of the minor changes from the tabletop game. I love that you can unlock the different versions of heroes and villains. If you are looking to add a great game to your collection, this is a must buy.
Perfect implementation Exactly what I wanted, plays beautifully, even taught me stuff about the board game that I hadn't realised.
Good adaptation of a fun game This is a great adaptation of the tabletop game, and it gets better with every update. If you played there physical game and liked it you'll like this.  If you haven't played the game elsewhere, it's a fun superhero card game set in its own universe. The gameplay is fun and I like the flavor text and background.
Great port This is tons of fun to play and there is a lot of variety in the difficulty depending on the heroes, villain, and environment
Loads of fun Simple rules yet complex interactions make a super hero game great fun and replay quality
Faithful adaptation of a great game I love the sentinels card game and this is a brilliant recreation for when I don't have a load of mates available to play and on my commute to work. Looking forward to further expansions and content.
Have the bored game and saw it on here and I love it.
Tremendous Fun I've got to say Handelabra knocked it out of the park with this one. The game is very well polished, and has an addictive game play. Don't pass this one over, it's well worth the price.
