Not perfect but the best crossword app by far Fantastic, easy, and fun app. They have issues sometimes with updates not working well or trouble downloading but they ALWAYS figure it out quick day or 2 at the longest and get it right. Worth every penny
Issue with Puzzle Express Hi.  For the past several weeks, I've downloaded the same Puzzle Express crossword.
Superb Excellent for doing NYT crosswords You need a subscription for NYT puzzles, of course. Great interface, speed, and handling of multi letter rebuses, which is really handy for Thursday and Sunday puzzles that often feature these kind of solutions. I love this app and use it daily.
Best xword app Had it on my iPhone, had to get it on my new droid. Very, very few problems overall in the last couple of years.
Please fix NYT download issue.
Love This App I can't download older puzzles. I've been trying for June 2014 and all of a sudden I can't.
Like the app, and the support response
Works fine I use it on my Galaxy Tab and it works fine.  Yay, it's working again.
Great app
The only app for xword addicts I've probably done thousands of puzzles on my phone over the past few years and this is the app I use. It's the best, by far, and the developer keeps improving it.
Great You get what you pay for
Great app  good puzzles
Fantastic I love this app. I purchased it years ago on my iPhone, and now that I've switched to android I am happy to purchase it again.
Great app Great app, and it does NYTimes crosswords. My only gripe is that it doesn't use my phone's native keyboard, but that is a minor issue at worst. If you are a crossword addict, get it. Only thing better is paper.
xxsecured as of 52215  stars Went back to my favorite everyday crossword puzzle app, second to none by a long shot. It has great features clean setup, hints, clues, puzzle info, etc and a lot of free content various puzzle packs from providers like NYT classic, Newsday, MacNamara's Band, etc.. Good dev turn around on issues as well.  old 52115  stars Fixed by dev in less than 24 hrs One of my favorite apps until my firewall told me it was sending insecure packets back to it's server. Bad form.
Quick and decisive action by developer to remove intrusive requirements for updates.  Thumbs up for paying attention to user comments
Worth every penny Tried the free apps, but nothing compares to this Needs an adfree trial exactly like this, because people will buy once they've tried it
Addictive I had this app on my iphone and loved it, so when I got my android, I immediately bought it. Other than some minor issues that have been fixed over time, I love it.
Great Has long been an essential app for me. Great for bus journeys etc. Cant fault it.
