Still great Now on level 500 and still enjoying it. Challenging but doable without buying boosters, and lives recharge really quickly.
This is one of the best games I love playing. Facebook version needs ad many levels ad the phone version has. I hate I can only play on my phone tho
Addictive I love this game. Hours of fun...hate the 3 day wait
find it very enjoyable but once u win  come 2 a stage where u hav 2 wait 4 2 days  so many hrs before u can play again,dats annoying
Love this game but ive transfered my games on to new fone n its gone on a level ive already dun so now im on 6 levels behind wot ive already completed very frustrating cud u help please
Yep Another great game from King. . I seriously have liked every single Kinggame I've tried so far, and this is no exception Simple, but not TO simple game play, neat graphics and the music doesn't annoy me, INFACT I find it to be nice to listen to and usually, when I play a Kinggame I end up humming the tunes once in a while, feeling happy. . Also, I don't need to paid anything for a Kinggame, it is fun, even for free . Keep up the good work 
Changed phones. It kept sending me to the start. but it saved on Facebook on my laptop I save on king it then saved on my new phone. took some time but it did work  didn't lose anything
I Love the game It's awesome and sometimes frustrating I love the challenges, strategy and satisfaction This is the only game that I play. I have tried others, but end up deleting them I hope this game never ends
Love it I love this game, I enjoy playing it and I hope more people play it because it is amazing
Wish I could get my friends to play It would be nice if there were weekly challenges that allow you to earn gold bars and other tools that help us win harder games. The other Saga games have those every week. I find myself playing those games more often, because it's definitely a more fair way to play and less discouraging.
What's up I love the game But it only has 40 puzzles. Is that it
Need to offer some kind of bonuses instead of having to pay for them. Otherwise, it's a great game.
Good fun Keeps you coming back for more You don't have to pay for a funtime
So much fun Its a great game. Keeps your brain engaged. Really challenging
Love it,I'm at the highest level,needs more update and chance to earn more gold bar
Pyramid Solitaire Love it... especially after they made the app for the phone Please make more levels...
