Great apps with various instruments Love this because it's easy to use, without lag and gave me what I wish for. Multiple instruments let me record music with different feel
Thanks for the best legit app ever Revontulet. Gives you everything you want. Not like those scrubs who show you their apps but they aren't even frikin professionals. .
The best Been playing this for nearly 1 year in my tablet and still playing. Yet this is the longest app that stays in my device without deleting
Awesome but When im doing like the songs that other people made like fnaf 3 sometimes theres no sound like for about 10 secs
Malay Song Can u add some malay song to this game .. there more players from malaysia .. by the way .. THIS GAME IS AWESOME  
Cool I love it becous  its easy just to use and he make the piano my dream.....
Amazing Wow dev you really make it like real thing, good joob i really liked your app and no problems using this since first install and today
Mckayla Peters LOVED IT I coulden think of i title FIRST IVE GOT IT
Cool app Nice engine... Cool guys... Thank you anyway for creating this app
Great app But I forgot how you upload piano recordings, please tell me how
Great I love to play the keyboard but not very good This hoped me so much thnxXD
Loved it Really like it. Great app. Good job thump up
Spectacular App Does that job I need and works out very well
Perfect Piano Great app to get a child interested in playing a musical instrument.
Sweet app I love this app. Now that they have added chords, it makes creating music much easier.
RAINBOW FACTORY MLP Its sooooo cool I love it soooooo much I finely my little pony D  and RAIN BOW FACTORY
Very Helpful I'm a music major and the mobile piano is so helpful. Lots of other stuff going on though that I don't necessarily need.
Great app Don't know a thing about piano, but this is great, and also listening to ''fur Elise'' I love that
The apps need some improvementI will think about it then..... Walk Band and Perfect Piano is the best......will give some feedback after every update....
My favorite app ever I love this app... you really could learn some basic on piano
Love it This is the best piano. Next update add more baby songs please and martin garrix animal you can also download from wapkid or wapjet
It's great I'm not a frickin weeaboo anymore and I can read music so now I can admire this app for it's free, easy to use piano with the different types of pianos.
Perfect piano Soon much fun always wanted to learn now I can
This app has helped me learn more songs than I have fingers. It's easy to use plus you don't have to pay to play your own MIDIs Easy 5 out of 5 for me.
Mrs . Cool Awsome booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom
Loved it so much My fav songs are in it.
i love this app i love this app and was wandering if there was an area or option in this app where i am able to publish music lyrics i wrote and if not can that option be added in the next update. Thank you
Awsome  Great It makes me a better pianist tho..tnx
Great I love this pretty app
Loved it This is a wonderfull app my only wish is that please in the next update add a feature to play outside mp3 files like files from the internet
Piano more More great and more make me feel happy
How I can save song from explorer
Woe Great
