Two Tumbs Up says Eddard Stark of TheNightsWatch Grate game.... great staff I will spend money on this game. But if you have patients you need not spend. Learn the game and you can succeed. This is the only game I play now.  Hint Joining an Alliance will make this game a Six star game.  
Fun game Good game. Helps if you have a few bucks to spend but you can get by.
Great game
Love it Love it
Great game
excellent I never play any Android game before so long much as this game.  if network is good, game is pretty good  Game concept is awesome and also nice graphics. We can play with different players in all over world and knowing each other and team works and much and more things comes with this game Developers always trying to make us buyers and items in this game is pretty expensive.  free players cannot win this game mostly but someone being smart ,can be strong more than lot of buyers. 
Great graphics. The graphics have come a long way in two years. Other improvements include more free gold and better and more frequent limited time games. The drawback is seemingly impossible competition between copper and gold coin players. Free draws in tavern, lottery and gems rarely if ever yield anything but rubbish. But the month card and loyalty rewards are probably the best additions.
Age of warring empires Excellent game, I highly enjoy playing
Really Great Hardly consuming any battery unlike other games. Awsome complex game with lots of minigames and events. Would highly recommend. I don't really play phone games but got stuck with this one for 2 years. Loving it.
The Great game This is very Nice and fantastic. I was growth my planing knowledge. Exlant
Most wanted The game is very good and fun.. this game is the best ever to play.
Good game Nice work , BTW I gave 5 stars so give me a rare hero
Ovall fanatic game especially version 1.9.72 Luv it, it's such an astonishing game for phone
Very kool game, if you dont mind coining
I love this game his good for me
Great game Join server 126 n join RoYaL KiLl3rs Best alliance on this great game
ILike the game.don't love it's quite expensive but it's fun to compete with and get used to some good people, In your daily life. I will play till my fingers won't work anymore
Great friends all over the world
Good one Addictive... Five Stars cause it started beneficial events for Free Players
Great strategic game Loved the game very much.....but u always need internet  for it
Awesome Cant get enough
Fun Fun game. Always something to do
Excellent Game
