Cool game It is really fun because you can fly you can play the game and you gotta try to get away from the monkeys before they get you and eat you in on temple run 2 you try to get away from this giant monkey or something I don't know but it is B to tell you this and it is trying to get you also and you got to go down this road and it is really really fun so make sure you get some one run in Temple Run 2 it is really really really really fun
I never get tired off this game. The one improvement to this game is if accounts could sync through email so if someone has it on a tablet and cell, they don't have to repeat achievements.
Amazing This game is so easy and so much fun to play but it should have different challenges and a lot more harder stuff then jumping and turning and ducking
Love it This is very entertaining to play. The thing that I like about it is you get power ups but i do wish they would put levels into it but its still a great game
Why Same thing with Temple Run 2 there are no coins. Thank u for fixing it
I got the power over this game. I dwnl this game to play to get my head off my problems and its a great idea. It works i really like this game. I feel like im moving when running, jumping and sliding. Its funn and entertaining,  Wow
The truth and don't hate It ain't no mistakes in temple run so what you'll talking about and if don't like don't play it
My favorite game This is clearly one of the best games that really got me addicted to the twist and turns that it providesand for that I love it
Awesome... But This game is really cool and fun, but it just needs like one or two more themes, and the glitches need to be fixed too please.
Love it I love the game there's nothing wrong with it and if u think there is you dumb  Oh but I don't like temple run 2  its pretty bad but anyway its amazballs
Really fun and so far so good This so far has been working fine plus it's really fun and if you are a great gamer I recommend this is the top game for you but I'm a huge gamer I love games and can never stop downloading games.
i download the game. but when i open and play. its very log. and sometimes crushes. why  its not compatible for my android 2.3.6  i like the game but cant play well. hope we android phone users well play this game eventhough our android are older versions
Pretty good,  I like it for many reasons.  Try it. It's awesome. Keeps me playing for quite a long time.
Cheat If your reading this read the entire thing  you can just keep doing the tutorial over and over again to get coins
This app is awesome I recommend this app to anybody It is so exciting and adventurous. I like that you don't have to pay real money for boosts and power ups. You can just pay with the coins you earn in the game. You can earn up to a lot of coins in this game, that's what makes it so awesome. So how about you go download this app right now, cuz its really fun
