The perfect block puzzle game for me I have downloaded this game onto every phone I have owned. It was about time to pay for it and give it a review. Great way to slow down and find focus.  Neither tough enough to be frustrating,  nor insulting easy, it always works well  with no weird glitches. Plus,  I have never reached the end.
I love it Super love this kind of game ...it is so thrilling and enjoyable game that i ever had in my phone...try this amazing and cool game
Awesome brain teaser Keeps me focused and requires me to concentrate on the puzzles. I've never run into any issues with it and I've found that it helps keep thinking about other options in the outside world rather than just taking the easy way.
A complete simple game There are so many levels I will never be able to finish it
Block puzzle Great game never seen one like this before such knowledge and skills skills it gives me chills so many ways to connect and very injoyable and other thing nice you go at youe own pace not like your in a race  thanks   Sandy
Great game  Keeps me busy when I have to kill time 
Why do you need my identity Love the app but aggravated with everything adding new permissions that are or seem intrusive. When they start asking for identity, in  outgoing phone numbers  contact I don't update or just uninstall it. Only certain apps need that kind of personal info Please explain why permissions are needed  what they do, thanks.
Puzzle. Block Great game. I can't stop playing
This is addictive I love this game it's full of adventure and hard puzzles it makes me want to play on its a really cool game I mean I am up to level 58 ha LOL really good game there's only one bad thing,adds please get rid of them And also add a little more levels pleaseD  thank you Thanks for this awesome game I mean
love it it really good app and game. It keeps your mind going and it's graet when you have a bored little simply cause then they can under stand it and you don't get a headache from them being bored. Plus it keeps their mind going
Enjoyable I'm finding myself addicted to this game.   Each time I want to pass time,  I go to this game.  Makes my brain work but not too hard yet,  working my way up.
Block puzzle Challenged but not to challenging after an 11 hour day of work. Try it, it's free and fun.
To cool Block puzzle is so awesome and wonderful and it is for everypne it is so fun to play
ADCTOVE  so good C get egg TV hmm by the way. it is not a problem, y, and we e,
Great game Great way to pass time while you wait.  When I was a kid we had multi puzzle.    Same idea but with plastic pieces
This game is the best at least you need your brain to do this not just shoot stuff
App Review Very time consuming, I enjoy it. Thanks for the app.
Perfectly Puzzling A multitude of levels and a seemingly endless supply of puzzles in each level. Great game.
A fantastic game One game I will always return to and play
Every time I get a new phone i always download this game. Love it.
Nice block game with lots of levels Good game to play when you are bored. There are lots of levels and difficulties. Just try it.
Fun and entertaining Good puzzle, lots of levels, very entertaining and sometimes very challenging... Enjoying this game a lot...
Puzzle game One solution per puzzle, love spacial games.
Block Puzzle Looks simple, highly addictive keeps my brain occupied
Block Puzzle Easy to play and also challangeing.No constant pop up ads that take the fun out of playing.  LOTS OF FUN
Block Puzzle It's fun to remember high school geometry.
Keeps your attention. Gives my brain a good workout.  Very absorbing.
Block puzzle It keeps you mind going it's a challenge love it
Hahaha My Girlfriend and I had argument on this game... Reason she kept telling me that she's stocked and confused on some level, and I don't mind her not even knowing what she's telling me all about...so I took a glance on what she's telling me, and all of the sudden boOM here I am downloading this addictive app...
