This game is very addictive. Could y'all possibly make another game similar to this but not so similar. Thanks in advance. Could there be a way to have the arena fair cause how can someone lvl 10 have to fight someone lvl 30
Progress I've finally reached level 40 and have two 6 farmers. One is a natural 5 but I didn't get it from rng. I had to earn it with ifrit scrolls. I like that you can get nat 5 without rng but its still annoying. Pls add more fusions.
Great Game The only two things I do not like are 1. How long it takes to download, and 2. How hard and long it is to get mythical scrolls. 9.510
Incentive based, nothing better One of the first incentive based games I have seen, very balanced, competitive and fun. Even people that spend money can be beaten by someone who grinds more.
It's great There is an active development team always coming out with new monsters keeping the game fresh, and although you could consider this game pay to win, you don't have to I havnt spent a dime on this game Sorry Com2Us and I already have 3 of the rarest types of monsters in the game Dark Monkey King, Wind Beast Monk, And Wind Monkey King I hope to see this game through its days
The 10 power up button doesn't work. It stops after one power up. There should be a button to send gifts to all available friends, instead of making people do it 50 times every day.
Awesome turnbased strategy game. People who rate low are butthurt about no luck. All drops are rng. Thoroughly enjoy it and would definitely recommend.
Last update is horrible Well before this I had a bad review on it . Seemed p2w bbuutttt after a couple months I seem to have been hooked . An addiction really . Com2us really helps the players out. They also know how to fix bugs and stay on too of updates like nothing I've ever seen. So I'll give you a nat 5  rating lol
Best Game I ever played Keep it up COM2US...I would also like to say that i really wish there was an update where there were no more one star monsters in shop.Also wish that there was a way to purchase awakening tags it was featured once then gone the next i just really thought it was useful.Still though the best game i played hands down can't wait for Rift of worlds so keep up the good work COM2US
Wont let me log in After the update, i get stuck on the Touch to start screen and wont log in. Please fix and ill make 5.
