Yep If you're rating it three stars or less,  you're probably doing it wrong. Pull your life together.
I DON'T KNOW  This root app could be the best thing to come along since sliced bread or even TP. It does everything you said it could  more. It's got me wishing I could root my car, OR MY BOSS God I need more control over my life. I only have 1 gripe. You should keep a master list of Pro users. So I don't have to be torn between two lovers aka Amazon  Google.
Simply the best Be all and end all for multiROM usersl Perhaps the only feature I personally would like to see Is a prioritized boot order set of partitions, coupled with a couple of experimental ones that come coupled with an automatic reverttomain ROM option firmware etc included in the event of a failed boot, feature. But I think I'm asking for too much 
THE APP Bought this app years ago and still use it Auto backup and cloud sync saved my a several times..  Five stars is not enough for this application
Saved my bacon many a time Titanium Backup is THE reason all phones should be rooted and carriers should just get over themselves and stop voiding warranties for rooting a phone. I've used it for years, and every time an app update has caused a problem, I've changed phones, or data has been fatfinger deleted, Titanium Backup has been the fix. No phone should be without it, because they're are only two kinds of people those who have had a problem TB could fix, and those who are about to.
Fantastic Has served me well. Such cool features for a rooted device. Love the integration function into ROM and being able to create a zip backup of the whole system for restoring if you want to experiment with other OS's.  Well done
Essential app Indispensable app for managing my phone. Too bad for all the people that aren't  can't root their phone. Great support too
Sorry Payed long ago, but does not turn the free version into PRO anymore. Wasted therefore. EDIT UNinstall and NEW install did it, God knows why.
The standard I decided to completely redo my TB review after using it for awhile the way it's intended. This meant acquiring write access for user apps to the 64GB external SD card in my SGHT399N KK 4.4.2. Now that I can have TB store its backups there thanx to NextApp's SDFix, I've got a better appreciation of TB. This app provides full control of all the apps on my rooted device, and that's a secure feeling. I even like the kludgy interface. Go Pro
Just like the Energizer bunny. It keeps going and going. Been using it since the Epic 4G.
Excellent First class app Works perfectly  The few problems I've had with it are all due to my not having RTFM.
Actually been working for months now There used to be a time that I had to obtain titanium backup through unsavory means, only because the license would never verify correctly but it's been working really well for months now which is great because we shouldn't have to pirate things just to get them working properly This app is arguably the most important app on my devices
