Excellent game There is a lot of complaints about this app or the company that runs this but so far for me it's been good. Everything works an the hands an the winning pots have been excellent. You get a few people or bots whatever you call them on there that try to drain you for your money. But that's with any game, just get up an go to another table. It's truly worth playing in the long run
Used to be great.. Got a little better. Now the chip gifts are a joke, you'll rarely get the ones sent to you and when playing a cash game, it ALWAYS conveniently loses connection, even when on a stable WiFi. Just make sure you're in a large hand if you want to see that happen. Been playing WSOP cause it's more reliable.
I lIke this game alot Zynga Texas Holdem would be better if they'd get rid of the hackers
Its a good game. It glitches occasionally and i loose even with the best hand. But its usually when i need it the most. Sucks. But still fun to play.
I love poker but i don't chips ... pls can u give me 1B chips hahaha thanks          GODBLESSAMERICA
Love Love Love If I've ever had any issues... Zynga has always resolved them. I would recommend playing this game to anybody who has a love for poker and competition 
Still love it Deleted it for some time due to technical problems, but it seems like Zynga is back and better Best past time ever
Zynga texas hold'em rocks Great easy game to play, keeps you hooked.
No free spin Haven't been able to get my free spin in awhile keeps giving me an error. Please fix this lame problem
Great game Very entertaining I have slow Internet  and it handles good.
old problems solved old problems about sitting you at wrong tables are solved now. nothing to complain. i love it
Help I need my chips back but I love to play Please
Real poker Bring Texas poker at your place. Amazingly addictive.
I have to download this game daily cuz i cannot login to my facebook account until i redownload it..nd nw i cn not even download it either..it sux badly..1 wud wrk fr me... i dont know what are your engineers doing
Nice game Dnt know why people saying and complaining , I never use real money in this game and this game is bit of luck too . Just enjy the game . Love zynka
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Best Poker app ever.
