Brilliant. Well done and well thought out. Did this in Bristol and had no issues. Could have done with a bit more detail on the locations a couple of times as struggled in large areas covered by one postcode. Liked the trails. Good idea. Came back to get the London sheep at the Bristol exhibition. Liked that the kids could collect the rest of them by codes. Some of the trophies are too difficult to do with kids. Every other trophy Can't wait for the next event
Loved the David Gandy Suit sheep Loved how the group artist designed Shaun the sheep as David Gandy. Impeccably dressed in a brown Saville Row suit pattern, shoes with a brilliant hat Adorable.
Fantastic All 50 in London done and a long weekend in Bristol ticked off nearly all the rest D slightly gutted we didn't catch them all but will pick up the last 5 on their return to London.  Great Fun D
Sound Gave us an objective to follow,  a reason to venture to both Bristol and London more than we would have...
Fully working was Not everything worked as well as it should Updated on 11 September.   Earlier versions had problems with some trophies not being awarded correctly e.g spinning around,  tailgating but they were all resolved by the time Bristol trail was running.  Had an issue with all Shauns collected but not all trophies awarded Aardman tech team helped resolve them by email.   Thanks guys  Really enjoyed completing the trails
Great app Tried the app for Gromit trail which was rubbish. This one MUCH more useful Loved using it to find the sheep as it worked very well. Only didn't like that some trophies were not awarded that should have been such as when I crossed rivers. Didn't like the Abbey Road trophy as not near any sheep Looking forward to the next trail
Great app This app is full of information and great when on a trail as it helps points you in the right direction. Great for all things Shaun the Sheep
Brilliant Made a great day out in bristol
One of a kind app My wife is Shaun the Sheep, how can I not give this a 5 stars rating.
SHAUN SHEEP FANTASTIC Loved this app manged to find all the Bristol Sheep and loved the way you could tick them all off.
Great app really useful.  some of the trophys don't register but all in all a great app wouldn't be without it. well done guys
Fab app Great little app and all for a good cause. Of the 50 we have found so far only about 4 have had to be entered manually as GPS was a bit iffy. Not bad.
Baaillent For a very good cause. My only improvement would to be allow the address of each Shaun to be opened in an external map. Share location
A great app. However I changed my phone after I'd collected some of the London Shauns, when I reloaded the app onto my new phone I'd lost all my y London shauns 
Shaun in the city. Very useful. Wouldn't have found all that we did without it. Although uses an awful lot of battery power. Hx
Brilliant App Brings a lot of fun to the hunt. Really good graphics and great trophies and trails to keep you going throughout the day
Essential for Shaun spotters Had the odd issue picking up Shauns we were standing next to, but that may have been more to do with GPS than the app.  Baarillant if you're doing the Bristol Shaun trail.
Awesome for finding sheep Actually better than Google maps for getting me around Bristol Good fun with some nice surprise trophies to be earned.
Brilliant App The best fun all summer and the app made it so easy and fun. Yes it costs money but when its for such a good cause what possible reason is there to moan
