Good Upgrade please...... more  shop things....
Always been a great game I love this game and always have been a great game since I've first played it on PC.
Perfect to kill time Don't understand why people would ask for refund when they were able to play the game. A dollar can barely get these developers some coffee to enjoy. Anyway, thanks for the app you guys. Now get my cupcakeria soon Hugs
Omg best game ever for 99 This game is a bit better than the pc version. So I recommend if you are a fan to the papa's series than buys this awesome little cheap game. By the way this game is worth the money.
Great game Love this game, inexpensive, fun and is nice when your bored. Would highly recommend.
Just like the PC version but better Instead of just using a mouse on the PC to interact with the game, we now have the ability to use the touchscreen in a way that allows us, as gamers, to interact with the game in a rather more efficient manner.  5 stars to this game
Taking forever to load I want to play but taking a long time to load. When it loads I will give you a 5.
LOVE IT but.... This game is absolutely perfect but the only thing that bothers me is that after I bought everything from the store I have nothing left to buy I have so much money and nothing to spend it on
Great Game I've always loved Papa Louie games and this isn't the exception. I love how simple the controls are and how it keeps you going. For players who like dynamic games, this isn't really for you the game gets quite repetitive and there is not much to do in terms of decor but it's good to get for 1.99, still. You will enjoy. Please add Papa's Wingeria at some point
Love it but rather play it on lap top It free on laptop and there's way more
Yasss great game I loved this game online. I used to play it all the time when we had to use our free time academically when on the computer at school. So this game would be on the cool math games website. It was worth the 99 in my opinion . love the game and doesn't have any or if so very few bugs .
Papa Louie's Burgeria Love all the Flipline games, but this is so nice for quick play on my phone. And I like it more than my computer bcuz it remembers my level. Alot times computer starts over  that's no fun
Oooh ma gad Greatest game eva plz dont stop makin these games
Love it I played thus game ever since it was on the game websites and its still number one
Burgers My buddy Colin, can't play because I won't let him, and now he is gonna fart.
Love it I hope they put the new papa Louie games on the app store
This game is so fun can anyone tell me how to get papa's wingeria please
Love it I play it all the time in the computer now i can play it anywhere thank you
I love it but you can just go online and play it for free
It's so cool I got everything and I always get all 100 100 100
