Great games, excellent customer support My 7 year old has been playing Kevin Bradford games for about 2 years now and totally loves each levelgrade. I am also impressed with the games as they are challenging and very good practice.  Moreover, Kevin Bradford offer super customer support. All my emails are replied to the same day with helpful answers and solutions. My feedback has always been taken on board. Highly recommend
My Helper This help me alot on thing i can teach ahead of time. It is a  really a big help for studying. thing
Love it Great way for my daughter to prepare for school
Definitely worth 1.99 7 year old son loves this app.
Really good It helps you lern
So helpful
Allsome Love it
2nd grade games
Loved  it Awesome
Great learning app My kids and I love these learning games. They really help them when they are struggling in certain subjects.
Helps with learning. I had 1st grade and now the kids are ready for 2nd grade. Great app to encourage learning. I make them play this before they can play their other games. They learn by playing. When it gets easy, I move them up to next level. So far, I am happy.
So many learning games My kids have learned a lot playing on this app Worth every penny I paid 
Cool Cool helps me for school I am eight  I LOVE IT
Great learning app We just got this app and seems to be working fine. We are enjoying the different levels that were available with a small price. Well worth the extra money 
Awesome My 8 yearold daughter loves playing these learning games Worth the money 
Secind grade learning game I love it Kim, age 8
Fun games with meaning Games to help kids pick up skills.
Wonderful app My children love this app makes learning FUN  Worth buying the full versions
Best 2nd grade game ever Im a second grade student and this app rocks
Great game Love this game, worth the upgrade. Just needs some fixes in punctuation doesn't always stay when close and few errors in punctuation. Please fix.
Perfect perfect This game is the best so far has every subject my daughter is doing in 2nd grade
My son loved it. It is easy even though my son is in first grade. Highly recommend it.
Love it I paid to get the full app and I haven't been disappointed yet. It keeps my son entertained long enough. 
best buy ever My daughter loves it and so do I.. GRRRREAT BUY
I love all three levels for this game. I have one 4 year old and a 6 year old that both enjoy the games. They are truly GREAT I also have to say my system wasn't functioning well and I emailed a general question that was answered politely and promptly witch was of great help. Thanks for everything
