Deeeiiiii rats Loved it and I fought a bunch of rats and fed them to my kits and boy did they eat em fast
Cat vs mouse game I just love it. But why should we have to pay for it. But I still love this game.
OMG I love this game it was cute and i past 2 levels already so easy five stars good job
Loved it Its like being a real cat and destroying all those nasty rats
Soooo cute   It's awesome it's so cute how they Dance
I love it This game cleans out Out stress aits so simple but yet so fun and easy to play
Awesome but weird It was so fun but at the end of every mission the cat does something weir. But its so fun and awesome
Triple awesome It is super difficult but super duper amazing
Mohammed Khaled It's the best catching mice are fun cats have their ability to catch mice and  there are 5 types of cats and a little hard to buy
Funny game very nice u should dnload this gam
Nice game I really love this game you should get it
So cute and there's one problem. ...... ...........................IT'S TO CUTE
WOW.    I love it    and the cats
Ayeshanaz Its interesting game but its not for teenagers
LOVE CATS oh thoes naughty rats
D This is such a cute game Love the idea of feeding rats the the kittens. Music is cute too.
Iths cute But bad news for us them moms my kid is playing my phone All day My daughter is not giving my phone back she's saying in a minute
Fun funny this game is so fun and funny it dance is cool
Good game U should reaky get it
Hiiii my name is lilly and I am from Egypt I will try this game if I found it great I will delete the rate and I will rate an other one have fun cat
Really fun, but the graphic can be improved I also recommend the game CATFALL. Download and play with me
Cat vs mouse Its great
Crazy cat chase Its amazing
Awesome game That cool victory dance.
Cat It's so funny
Best I played it with my bro his name is Alex it was awsome peace
Love this I love the little dance the cat does when you win in a level
Nice game Hope more games will make like this game. Nice game..
Modern cat  Mouse Nice do
