Great game Has daily challenges that'll keep you busy.
Enjoyable I enjoy this game. Make sure you check out the settings. They allow you to customize it to your liking. It could use a harder level
Very well designed A very enjoyable, well made tablst game.
Good way to procrastinate It works as expected on Asus Google Nexus 7 Tablet. . Not quite so well on my Samsung Galaxy S III.  It puts cards on less desirable spots and the cards are too small for my fingers. It causes extra moves.  But it's still a great way to procrastinate 
Spider Solitare The best out there and every time you win a hand there's a different reward.   Now the Best is better, improved win rewards that are amazing and now a Daily Challenge  The Best
Entertaining ...... I like to play whenever get free nd its easy, smooth app. Excellent
Fun Fun game that can consume quite a bit of your time. While not overly hard, I personally think it's relaxing.
Gooddess Great game and has the convince of touch to move stack and undo...  1101 still a great game. Always coming back to play it again.
A Great Game I like how you can either play a winning hand, or challenge yourself.  I wish it had a daily challenge like this company's Solitaire has.  Thank you for hours of enjoyment, if possible I would have rated it 4.9 out of 5, just because of no daily challenge. Hi, thank you so much for the daily challenge.  You are a 5 now
Good game Helps me unwind at end of day or while awaiting doctor appointment.
Great app This game relaxes me after I have had a stressful day.
Best solitaire game out there So good I might just have to break down and buy the adfree version.
I like that you can use as many suits you want, and the undo makes it Evan more possible to win.
Love it This game is great when I'm waiting somewhere trying to kill time. I've been playing it for years and I love it
Great solitaire game Traditional spider solitary. Works well on my HTC one.
Love the Spider game  Now I'm ready for 2 decks.  Not haha
Love this app  I've never played solitaire before.  This app provides a gentle introduction to the game.  It's not easy to get discouraged. Addictive quality forces players to gradually challenge themselves. Well done
Love it This game is amazing because you it requires skill and strategy I love this game the winning game option so you actually know if the hand dealt is winnable
Great game And love changing background and card backs to pictures of my grandchildren.  
Val M I love this game. I have played it on the computer and now on the tablet
Great This is great to play while I'm stuck waiting somewhere
Love it It has more of a challenge as compared to basic solitaire.
