Awrsome Sauce With so many devices not coming with enougg internal memory, this program is a must  Without much knowledge of what is happeniing under the hood you can really take advantage of your SDCard on your rooted device
This app is awesome Warning do not update the Android System Webview. It broke my rooted phone that was working flawlessly. I was able to TS and downgrade to a stock version of ASWv. Hopefully Google remembers the Moto XT1064 it once owned.
Very outclass application Kindly tell. Me how can I set this application to auto install on my SD from google play and from.l external sources...
Exactly what I wanted This is my first purchase in Play Store and I'm absolutely not gonna regret for this. Able to save hell lots of spaces thanks to this Free version wouldn't be enough especially if you play a few online games. Not to mention FB, Chrome and Play Store often eat up a lots of spaces for their data. One warning tho, you should be using a fast micro SDeg class 10 else your apps would be lagging after moving the linking their data, which defeats the purpose of buying this apps.
Love it Absolutely great. Link2sd by itself is a very good app. The additional features from plus make it great. I also like the fact that link2sd plus works as a license for link2sd instead of as an additional app.
Samsung galaxy ace Very good also i like it but a litle problem is why did not open the auto link sd card. I cant chek it to the seting of link2sd and why even wen i installed it say does not any good permision to give me. Would you please give.for beter use it
Brilliant Matched with a UHS 1 sdcard this works perfectly. If all the apps mysteriously dissappear, I just got to relink all apps and they come back but this rarely happens. If you're getting poor performance and battery life try a decent sdcard.
I LOVE IT i Just bought this and it's awesome i got so much more space left from my internal D tnks so much, i hope i can link the system app's application data if you know what i mean,  thanks anyway, more power i hope you do another one app on when you can increase your Ram  looking forward for that
Fantastic,  phone saver My S4 Active only has 16GB total about 3GB usable under 5.0.1 and updates kept hitting the dreaded insufficient  memory error.  Still want waterproof but memory becoming an issue.  Links2SD solved my problem.  Backed up my exFAT files,  created a smaller 100GB exFAT partition,  put my files back,  added an 8GB second partition in ext2  sorted
This is a great app for rooted phones with not much internal storage space. I have since upgraded to a phone with a reasonable amount of internal storage 16.GB so I no longer need this, but it was very useful on a phone with only 4.GB internal storage.
Great to move Evernote to SDCard As my evernote growing,my internal storage is always out of memory gt bought link2SD plus and move all Evernote data to my sdcard 8GB of 16GB. Great app
Lovely A great app from a great person Initially had a problem which I communicated by mail. It was immediately taken up and resolved. Wonderful app and wonderful after sale service. You can't ask for more. Cheers and good luck.
Worth 10x it's price Solved ALL my problems with insufficient internal space    I'm recommend it 1000  Good work dev  Go on
Amazing Completely worth the money. Perfect for s4 mini which has the specs to play many high end games but not the storage.
Took a while for me to figure out how to partition and format my sd card, but once done works like a dream. Brilliant work
on LG D325 Kitkat My first purchase for 2015 I had this app for awhile and finally decided to buy the full version not only to unlock its full features but also as support to the developer ..cheers  Looking forward to OBB to 2nd partition on Kitkat
