So smooth. Not only is the style of game play and vision beautiful, but the sound of every tap and click fills me with a sense of elegance. And the music makes me feel as if I am having a delightful conversation with a rich industrialist over a glass of Angel's sherry in a dimly lit jazz room at night. What such simple games can do.
Excellent. How can I say more I have played many Android Pinball games, and this one is fantastic in all standards. Fluent, responsive gameplay, a slight variety of tables, and a simple, easy to use interface. The only few things I would say are somewhat strange is in your Christmasy style table, the house sometimes can be in the way of the ball, and the ad amount is not annoying  at all. Very beautiful.
Great Game This is the best pinball game I have tried.  Very realistic, everything is clear and crisp. Love all of the different games, the Christmas one is especially fun.  Great for all ages.  Controls work very well. Thanks for a wonderful game  Enjoy everyone
A realistic pinball experience Tried several others  they're not even close in realism.  I would like to see actual paddle buttons to use.
Love it Fun Great way to waste some time.  Fun innovative boards A definite keeper.
It's super cool and I love it Play it all the time it's super exciting I'm pretty good but not as good as my friend Hunter he puts the pro in this game one day I hope to be half as good as him
Nostalgia This brings me so much memories from my gamer past. I was only nine years old when I first played this in 2005. Now I am 20.
Very Fun Pinball Experience This app is the best pinball game I have come across, easy to play and not frustrating
SETH SAMSON GREAT GAME  I LOVE PINBALL   MY DAD BOUGHT A PINBALL ACH7NE  GOT 999, 999  IT NEVER WORRKED AGAIN
I'm addicted. Too much fun  Just one issue, the left flipper sticks. Love it
Superb It brings back memories of my childhood when I used to play it on PC... Thanks man.
Brings me Back Good times  good graphics in this pinball app ,5stars For me 
Pinball pro Cant get enough of the game specially when you're waiting in a long or the bathroom.
Oh baby It gave me a massive boner to just watch that ball bounce around I tried to catch it with my tounge.............no luck
Awesome I remember these things from my childhood in the 1960s.  Very realistic and lots of fun.  Brilliant 
 The same game which I used to play wen I was young loved it.
Crazy awesome Like itnope,love itof course dude this game deserves a boohyah
Pinball game Like this pinball it seems to run nice and smooth compared to the other ones I've tried
Best game ever This is my favorite game and i play it everywhere and everybody should download it
pinball is awesome you should try it out and get the game so that you can win
Pinball Pro Wide variety of tables...fun to play yet challenging
Fabulous You guys did a excellent job.Nice game. Hope you guys will make fantastic game like this in future.
Solid all around Perfect little game  exactly what I wanted and very stable.
