More challenging than the first There were a few minor differences but it took me twice as long to figure this out compared to the original
Best puzzle game Thought it would be easier with Room 2 after I finished Room 1. Sure you get the idea but it was still some tricky parts. If you love puzzle games this is the one to buy. Hope that Room 3 will be out soon.
Best of Breed I picked this up thinking it would be good even if it wasn't as great as the original. It's actually even better. The hours melt away while playing. Had to use hints occasionally, but more to check if I was going in the right direction vs. getting a cheat or walk thru.  Just first rate all around. Hoping Room 3 is close to release.
A Fantastic Sequel This game really helps develop the story behind the first game, and it's challenging enough that I've had to use hints on multiple occasions. 1.99 for this game is a steal, definitely worth it.
This game was amazing. I highly recommend playing with headphones in the dark. Totally   fun Challenging, but not too hard and the hints are actually helpful without giving everything away.
Enthralling discontent Exquisite puzzles that keep you on the edge of your seat...if you dare venture to the next stage...
Amazing Such a great gake. It reminds me when I was a kid staring at the computer trying to find the puzzles in Myst. I can't wait for the third game to be on android
Amazing I absolutely love this game. I had to walk away a couple of times due to sheer frustration with myself. Perfect I only wish there was more of it
Nice game Not too easy or too hard, worth the price, but it is a little short. A bonus chapter after completion would have made it perfect.
Best puzzle game I totally loved the both games. The both are very addictive and it's especially nice when you don't use the hints. I highly recommend both games and hope there will be a new series coming soon  It's mentioned that the games gave been created by small independent game developers,  but they really did a great masterpiece.  Looking forward to seeing more products from you and I full heartedly support the excellent work
Engaging and fun Loved the creepy atmosphere. The puzzles took a lot of thought but only got really difficult at the end. The dark lighting in the last room made it hard to see enough detail to understand what to do.
Not frustratingly difficult  really engaging. Felt the game was short, but very engaging. I think i only wish it was longer because the game was so good. Thought the narrative was good, well made game all in all. The hints were good at hinting not revealing too much information to complete mission. Really enjoyed it. Please bring another out, amd make it twice as long
The Room Two Loved this game as I did the first the only issue I have is that it's over and there are no new puzzles to discover.  I was able to complete with out hints but some rooms really made you think.  Thanks
Perfection I rarely review games. However, this is a purely atmospheric experience that requires focus, but is never out of reach. Best played when you are alone, in the dark, with headphones. You will not be disappointed. Part 3 is out on IOS, and on its way here. I will be buying it, and I never get games that cost money.
Awesome puzzle game The graphics on this game are amazing. It is challenging enough to keep you interested, but not so hard that you get frustrated. I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game.
Keep em coming Clever puzzles. Many different ways of thinking and solving. Clues are good too. Hated to use them, but when I did they didn't give away too much.
Fantastic It is literally one of the best games ever. While it may be frustrating at times, the satisfaction of completing a difficult puzzle is great. Buy it. It is worth it.
Awesome game It's been a while since I played a game that engaged my senses the way this one did.  It reminds me of the old Resident Evil games and the puzzles it had you solve.  I look forward to the next offering by Fireproof.
Great game Rewarding puzzle solving that doesn't insult your intelligence or ask you to be a rocket scientist. Overall, with good graphics and a decent story, the Room Two offers a fun brain teaser to keep you entertained for at least a few hours.
Good fun Compelling. Beautiful gaphics. And times a little like playing on rails and the hints feel a bit agressive. Still, very enjoyable. I'm sad now I've finished it. 
The brilliant madness continues... As in The Room, everything looks like it is possible to build except for the weird stuff.... Stunning sequel with logical and sometimes challenging puzzles.
Very entertaining game Great puzzle game. Doesn't take too long to finish but I enjoyed playing it every time.
What a great game... It has been a long time since last a game has caught my attention, being so simple, and yet so complex. Remember to uncheck the clues option for a hard level experience.
Great game Finished both 1  2..my only issue is the 5th chapter being waaay too short.other than tht,if i could give this game 10 stars i would.
Room 1  2 both masterpieces I downloaded The Room, and could not stop playing it, until I beat it. It was so good, I immediately downloaded The Room 2, which was way more complicated  more fun.                              I highly recommend both games
Amazing. This game was great start to finish. I preferred the single object style of the original  a little bit more than the whole room scenarios presented here.  Some of the puzzles were maybe a little weak but this game does exactly  what a sequel should do.
JUST ABSOLUTELY STUNNING One of the best games graphicly and entertainment wise amazing well done guys I offer up my services for an online review I love it. I just finished part two.
Very good indeed Even better than the first sequel.  No IAP and very reasonable  priced. All puzzle  fans  must buy. Definitely  one of the best puzzle  games on Google  play.  Best played on a 10 Tablet. Well  done  Fireproof. I hope you bring out another  sequel  soon.....
Wow I don't often rate games, at all, yet this one is worth the feedback. What a great game for the price, I played the first one in the series and fell in love, the graphics, the intricate little mechanisms you have to manipulate to complete a puzzle and a nice little story too. This second one was definitely worth the money and included more challenging puzzles. I have heard that great things come in 3's so here's hoping a sequel to this one is in the making. thumbs up emoticon
Extraordinary Beautiful graphics Keeps you intrigued. This is the best make you think game. Why can't all games be this great
Very unique  I'm addicted An excellent puzzle game A unique idea with brilliant graphics that grabs your attention and puzzles that keep drawing you further into the game. Well done Fireproof Games
Fantastic, amazing, what more can I say Incredible, just as gaming should be Graphics are outstanding, it's so addictive, didn't want it to end. Well done, cant wait for more.
Doesn't get any better than this Incredible graphics, detailed environments, an immersive sound track, and devilishly clever puzzles come together to form what can only be dubbed the king of Android puzzle games.
Greatest game ever I love this game Bought it about 7 months ago and have played it over and over.  It never gets old.  I love the graphics and how everything works so seemlessly.  My only conplaint would be I wish they were a little longer but that's no big deal. Still has hours worth of amazing brain teasing puzzles  Way to go on this game Can't wait for The Room 3
Puzzled. Very Good, but I enjoyed the first room a lot more. I found it a bit distracting chopping and changing from different areas in the room. Solving the puzzles didn't have the same logical flow, or were too easy and not as satisfying
Love it The first sequel has been abandoned by the developer. Therefore, I was a bit skeptical with this one. But it turns out that this is a worth buying app. Run flawessly. Moderate difficulty. Good graphic. Nice soundtrack. You should try this one. I love it.
The Room 2  amazing Great spooky graphics and love that logical and lateral thinking is required, as well as a good memory. Bring on The Room 3
Amazing Great puzzles. Can not stop once you start. Asking for more once completed.
