great gAme but wish i didnt have to use data or wifi to play it this game was under the no wifi category so i got jt but i still have to use data or wifi to use ig
Love it Except for a few minor glitches I love it Addicting and challenging. Could use more levels and new stuff. Maybe some new sponsors and coins or shiners as u level up cuz once u hit a certain level u don't get any more free stuff. Me and my bf are addicted and it's a constant competition. I have played other fishing games and this is my favorite by far I'm a bit Confused tho......the new update says there are new amazon and Alaska locations but I don't have them.....
Best game on app for me, if you like fishing and farming than this game is definitely for you to be honest I'm my legs go numb from sitting on the toilet so long when i play this or i may miss a good portion of what is going on around me because i just cant put it down
old bait switch want the old bait switch style dont really like having to open the bag to switch baits. still love this game though
Realistic, easy,  fun Fun to play when you're stressed out or are having a bad day helps you relax and have a little fun
Great Game The only thing that kinda bothers me is the fact that you have to wait to refill your stamina and energy....apart from that, which is anyway a matter of preferences some may enjoy that it's a great game, you really learn a great deal about fishing as much knowledge as a simulator can provide.
A awesome game I absolutely love it because I love fishing ilkie all the fishing places,and the challenges
Few problems with loading and ads keep popping up apart from that a good game My partner has it on her phone and i found myself robbing her phone to play it. Now now I'm gonna be hooked as I've just upgraded my phones.. Love this game
If yall read these reviews i hope u put speckled trout, redfish, flounder, and black drum in this game they are a big part of texas fishing it would make the game better
Cool Nice fishing game and it never get boring
If ur a big fishing fan this a wounderfull game almost like im out there on the lake but easier
Great game Love this game. It's not perfect but fun
So far it's been a really fun app just wish you could earn more money and didn't have to go through food or water so fast but I'm working on that
It is good game but Why cant i fish the 1st saltwater level nassau.... it says log in with FB or enter as guest the whole time why
