This game is super duper awesome I love love love this game but....the house that you scare people  in is kinda tiny that it might get old but still get this game OK.
The best If you hate this game your crazy its full of adventure and is really funny so if you hate this game your not being nice because this is the best game ever On and I love love love toca Boca games they are the best thank you toca Boca thank you
A well constructed, funny game for little kids. My son spent a while playing this, experimenting with different objects and rooms, and enjoyed himself quite a bit. I liked watching him figure it out, too.
Best game ever I love this game you can boo scared and hide
I LOVE IT I played it on my friend's phone and it was so much fun Two thumbs up
Fun for the family My mum and dad and brothers enjoy this game we have a lot of fun playing it and laugh and have tons of excitement great for the family and younger siblings
Its so cute and so awesome i rate o 5 stars for this my nrother will love it
Grace Anne loves it Just a good app for kids to burn some time on
Cool I like this game there is so much  fun
Awesome I love it its a fun and easy game to play 
Great for 3 and 7 year olds too My kids have loved every toca boca app we've bought but this is definately their favorite.
Boo It's so nice
Please Please make more houses and characters and families
Ages 47 Nice game
Love it I love this app it is so fun 
My son loves spooky stuff This game hits the mark. Wish there was  more content.
Number 1 Halloween game for little kids . My four year old grandson loves it. He laughs a lot when playing it . I had fun with it also . Great game .
ITS AWESOME GAME i so love it i wish it could be true
TOCA BOO Its magic Ta 
Awesome Awesome,  but none of my toca apps r giving me refund if I un install
Awesome I love Toca Boca games but I want the Apple ipad Toca Boca too on playstore like Toca nature
Question How does it  fly when it puts on the costume
So cute Its the cutest game Eva
