Now it is time to UPDATE  until now you are never update and now you should update for the player can experience more things than now  I GAVE YOU 5 STARS SO YOU SHOULD GIVE ME THE NEW THINGS UPDATE
Well worth the cash if you decide to do so. Love this game I've paid for this game on several devices even ones that weren't mine..worth it...love it
Nice,but still need some improvements I like the game.but when I press the back button it just goes FC And random FC aswell.fix this for five stars.
I just cant stop I installed it at first...well i bought it but i was installing another game but i just cant live with the thought i uninstalled the best bike game ever
Best mtb game out Finished it without paying for any powerups, the dj bikes are good fun too
This is awesome Great game. You really gotta look to exploit every hit and transition to keep your times tight, just like in real DH. Please please please make a fest series jump park with massive booters and a zoom out camera to see the size. Id pay good money for it.
Nicee But i don't understand what the meaning about no wipe out for 2 or 3 stars
Awesome The game has no bugs at all and has great physics Great game
Badass Great game very addicting but add more bikes and stuff
DOWNHILL I'm into biking, I love to film
Best game ever Hard to find a game like this one where it's really fun to play Even after you finish it, you can keep playing over and over.. would love for some more tracks added.
Awesome How about in 3Dbut still enjoy the game.good works developer
Amazing game, just wish there was more levels, it gets repetitive after you beat it
Rated Pretty good time passer if your bored and have nothing to do
Love it Because I don't know why life is cruel 
Awesome Best mtb game on gadget ever
Great But always lost my data
Great game Great game. Finished it three times on my old phone. Just re installed it on the new one and going play through again. The only thing I would like is the option to turn off the check points when you are trying to nail that three star
Awesome app Cool app
Excellent Great concept, flawless execution, loved every second of playtime
Amazeballs Definitely worth getting this game
One of the best games ive played
Plays great on nexus 7 and Samsung note 3  I love the graphics
