Mind Games Pro App Excellent. Worth the couple of pounds to get rid of the adverts. The programme itself is excellent. Makes you feel as if your achieving somethe
Mind Games Pro Great brain games, keeps the brain thinking. Which is good all round to keep the mind active. An active brain means lesser known chances of Alzheimer's disease etc.
Great app gets your brain working Really, really nice collection of games for the fraction of price you pay for other products of same or worse quality.
awesome I love this game. I feel sorry for the color blinded. I got to say that the creators have improved it drastically since it was realesed.
Worth the money I love Mind Games Pro, it's worth spending time and money on, unlike many of the senseless games that do nothing but dull our minds  As adults, we start to worry about our memories dimming and this app is an excellent, fun, and enjoyable solution to keeping our minds sharp
By far the best brain game out there Tried and paid for brain wars first, but discovered they incensantly charge you for basic features and set you up to compete against fake players in hopes of making you buy and play more.  This game is accurate, gives good advice for improvement and is fun and reasonable to play  Keep up the good work
Great The variety of gamesbrain exercises in this ap are wonderful. They're challenging, entertaining,   fun. I  this ap
Mind games pro I love this app. It is challenging and lets you know your weak areas so you can improve them
Really entertaining Fun, enjoyable, and educational all at the same time Love it
Mind game pro app Wanted something to occupy a little time  exercise my brain.  The bonus is, it's actually fun to play.
Great mind sport Excellent way to keep brain fit.I really enjoy the challenges of the games and like how the app shows what areas I need to work on.
Mind Games Pro Love the speed Really works this mind of mine Worth every penny not to have ad pop ups...Anita
Mind Blogging Simply juggles ur mind and makes it start to think deep inside  must play for real mental challenges
Mind games pro... I really enjoy the games in Mind Games Pro. And my memory needs all the help it can get o
Better than caffeine 5  10 minutes in the morning. Repeat at lunchtime  mid afternoon. Not before sleep.
One of a Kind Literally the best Mind Game in Play Store I really enjoy playing the different brain games in it. Its really beneficial The app size is really small in size and battery friendly too
Excellent I exercise my brain every day with this application. Good job, devs
Wonderful This game is highly addictive, yet it serves a great purpose to enhance our brain capacity and learning skills I love it have had no problems runs great Good job guys or girls
Worth it Nice app for training my brain. Hope they'll update more game 
Not boring but curing Curing your boredom and attention deficiency at the same time in our brain obesity age.good work.
Worth the one time fee. For the cost of one month of luminosity, you can have unlimited access to virtually the same tool.
