Premium Sys cleaning, 4 the lowest  Definitely worth upgrading to paid version. Straighten your files out. And in less than 5 minutes undo all the mess the Malbugs overwrote, delete duplicate files, auto zipalign data. Can't forget that it gets rid of your dead corpses also. I mean only a true friend does that 
I have been needing this app as long as I can remember Interface is easy, system clean up was petfect. Did purchase the Pro shortly after trying the free version. It works stupendously
The musthave utility app Great user interface and a broad range of actions to put you in control of internal storage.
best app I ever paid for literally. every few weeks use it usually frees 2 gb. which is important since nexus 5 doesn't have an sd card slot. just make sure you're rooted.
The very best My search for a highly efficient, low risk cleaning app is finally over  SD Maid is far and away the very best I've found  And the Pro version for only  2.88 is worth every penny.  The free version is great too and only lacks the scheduled, automatic scans.
Perfect Works like a charm. Sure you can do all of this yourself with the proper amount of research, but why deal with that hassle when this gets the job done better and in half the time So much space will be saved and there's no need for root. I run it about once a week.
Free version is useful but Pro is indispensable Ex. The duplicate finder is quite nice for determining which media files are backed up on external storage without having to remove my SD card and look at it on my laptop. That alone makes it a good purchase for me. Everything else is a bonus.
Great app keeps the system running faster after cleaning. freeze useless system apps that are just hogging resources.
Great App Gave me around five gigabytes of space back on phone
Use it to refresh my memory After Uninstalling unused apps. Picks up everything. EVERYTHING.
Thank you for the update Matthias. It runs Much Faster now
I purchased pro version, can i delete previous app or i will have to keep both sdmaid and sdmaid pro
ONLY one for me I have had PRO version for years. Best on the market, glad to see other's are catching on. Keep it up and Thanks n'
BEST SYSTEM OPTIMIZERCLEANER APP. I have been using this app since it was 1st released and the results I got are just outstanding. So finally I bought the paid version.                                                     Devs' it's my pleasure to inform you that the app is the BEST in it's own kind. THANKS FOR YOUR EFFORTS IN DEVELOPING SUCH A GOOD APP.
Nice job for the Z3V Definitely made a difference from a performance standpoint Good job
Love this. So much better than others. This app does what it says. End of. Full 5 s and more if I could.
SD MAID PRO Works as well as they're saying, combined with ES File ManagerExplorer apps for safety precaution before clean it up  worth every money that was i spent for this, two thumbs up to the Dev 
HELP What am I Invisible Got no HELP 4 THIS  Like the app a lot BUT How do you set the time I need The time set for US Eastern time. Schedule time Is not synchronized. I set schedule for 0300 3am and it goes at 1700 5pm, 12pm, 8pm, all different times.
Awesome System Cleaner CCleaner WAS my fave system cleaner...until I hired the Maid.  Works great on unrooted ATT Note 4 with 5.1.1.
Never cared to rate before Thanks for making a quality item. Works EXTREMELY well. My phone is much faster now
Simply awesome Quick, easy, light and cheap. Congratulations
True Cleaner This is the only legit cleaner in the store, don't accept anything else.
Great Owned this for a long time and still use it Works wonders
Pay for it. Support good developers  Fantastic app, constantly improving.
low cost for a powerfull app a must have companion for your android. worth it to buy the premium. good job dev
I like it CORPSEFINDER.. I Like It
Yeah, one app worth paying for.
Lovin it... Liked it .. Paid for it.  Worth it...
Best cleaning lady ever ..and the sexiest to tell you the truth
There's too many idiots around here lol
It's awsome Glad I bought this
A collection of useful tools. For example, the AppControl tool is the best I have found, you can freeze or kill system applications very easy, as long as you have root. It also has a few unique tools.
Great apps for cleaning your mobilephone
