Best game on my phone, by far Kinda like risk with a twist. If you like strategy games, risk, civilization etc. This game is a must. Also check the European and American maps for more detail and fun. 55 top stuff
A lot of fun but it needs more missions I've completed almost every Google achievement and would like more objective based games. Also i the WWII setting the soviet union is way over powered. Otherwise it's a lot of fun if you have the time.
Great Game  Suggestions Nice job 55. There are a few things on my wishlist, though. I want to see more ancient civs and an ancient world scenario, a scenario that includes Scotland without making me use the 119 random civs thing, and an Imperial scenario with a young North America. It would have an infant US, Spain where Mexico is, France in the North, Indians, etc. An American Civil War scenario would be pretty sick as well.
Cool game, addicting.  Not a simple click and move  actually requires some thinking.  dobra robota
Excellent strategy game Definitely not a button pusher game, you truly have to strategize and plan if you want to win. I get stuck for hours playing this game. My only suggestion would be that at times it can be very difficult to click the smaller provinces because of this scalingclicking issue. Other than that, I love the game and would pay for it again Keep it up
Amazing Game Best game on my phone.    Constructive Criticisms          Consider Adding Multiplayer mode.                        Create a scenario pack with all provinces but a limit to how many you can use and a country sub selection i.e. if you chose Germany Modern Germany, Kingdom of Prussia  Nazi Germany are the sub selections. But great game anyway D
Fantastic app,  but possible improvement I feel that since the ai have no capability to form alliances,  that if one is formed ,  the game is too one sided,  other than that,  absolutely fantastic.
Best game ever Awesome game heres a quick suggestion why not a multi player function. I dont  mean with different devises I mean like a pass and play type thing so you can play with frinds and family.
A problem I love it but there is a problem with game why did you set when using creative mode that you set it that if there's a small error deletes my save it annoying and will go down with the rating if it continues
Very fun game. Risk with a twist is almost dead on. I would also like new missions or unit types ,anything  that will make the game more intricate or difficult would be awsome. If thats not gonna happen maybe another difficulty setting would help.
Awesome game, risklike but scaled up My favorite gameplay is the full modern, and full historical maps 1914,1936 would love to see more historical scenarios such as roman empire, dark ages, Napoleonic empire, colonial era, etc. Great game P.S. I dig the new 1942 scenario, cool
Great game I never rate apps or games, but I felt these developers truly deserve a great rating. This game is simple, but satisfying, exciting, addictive and great fun I look forward to see how this game evolves into a phenomenon.
Its a slap to my scrotum its so good Only if the dev integrated some features from the original total war games, this gane would be perfect. Also a steam version would make this game complete
Amazing game I always play it in my free time. Possible additions Custom Civilizations, Custom Alliances, Maybe a new map . And for Extreme difficulty you could have other civilizations be able to make alliances with eachother, and have them propose alliances as well. Could you please add custom scenarios as well.
Perfect Absolute greatest strategy game. Would be cool if other countries formed alliances, instead of always being on their own.
Excellent game. this is a excellent game. I've been playing for months When I started I played free for about 2 months and then bought it. No regrets I'm about to spend a bit more money with this company on the new Age of Civilizations the Americas. Can't wait
Good Can u add more scenarios on history lik e the British, Spanish, Portuguese, French, Italian and Dutch empires at their peaks during the 18th and 19th centuries please.
Best Game Love the game, very addictive. Good for strategic players,  but I have a recomend that y'all add a multi player , where you can play against other people around the world or just friends in regular. I think it would attract more players.
Just one thing missing these modes Colonial Eras, Empires famous empires control their teritory or a mode called uncertainty with IS controlled land or put uncertainty idea in Asia mode. possible choose what land you own if possible Modern empire.
Outstanding Game A truly great game. Works flawlessly and is very addictive. Strategy is a must but there is no nickel and diming to win. The management aspect of just right giving some depth but not requiring an hour for each turn. I would like to thank the developers. This game is great fun.
