Service and assistance I love that the app is so smooth, I emailed for help and the response was almost instantaneous. Problem was resolved Keep up the great work, much appreciated
Great app Great app. Worked on my new 2015 LG 4k set and LG G3. Was able to enable ac3 passthrough on the tv.
Quite good tool to use Sometimes the buttons do not respond and i believe it caused by infrared connection. Finally the application performed the required changes, so i am giving 5 stars. Tested with LG G3 phone.
Changed Area Code on my LG TV Managed to install 4k Netflix and other apps on tv now. Great application
Amazing App Bought an lg web os tv in Trinidad and Tobago and it carried a Latin American region code,I was able to change the tv's region to USA now I can install apps from the app store and run Netflix.
Changed the country of my lg tv I used my Samsung tab with inbuilt IR to change the country of my new LG smart tv from GCC to USA. Using Ir, turn on the TV then press the red wand on the right and change the country to whatever you prefer. The app works.. much cheaper than buying a harmony remote if all you wanna do is change a couple of settings
Works perfectly I was considering buying a harmony remote but there is no need at all with this app. No fuss on my Note 3
Thanks a lot This is a great app I finally got my LG 32lh250h TV out of hotel mode and now we can enjoy the TV as the way it's suppose to be.
Works Works on my 2014 LG 40UB8000  Note 4
LG G3 Great app. Fixed LG issues with update
Trinity Nice app.almost perfect working perfect for me.
Extremely loved it I paid 48 EGP insted of buy LG remote with 500 EGP and this software give me same functionality... It didn't work at the begining and i sent to support ... I am very glad for helpful support carness fast response and fully respect to end user and fast update and issue solved in less than 24 hours .... I recommended to use this application and donate them to keep them moving forwared
It works, I managed to change the region of my tv
worked fine wanted to get in to service menu on a 42lb56. worked no messing and find its handy as a standard remote when the dogs hidden the propper one 
Best LG Service menu control Best app for controlling your LG TV's Service menu. By aware, this is a very powerful tool and can either made your TV insanely awesome, or really screw it up. This app is just a tool. Use it wisely and be attentive of any settings you change in case you have to revert. I accident my made my 55LW5600 upside down by turning on mirror when I was thinking of screencasting. Not what it sounded like. Fixed it thanks to this app.
