Best time killer for android If you're stuck somewhere in a waiting room, this app will keep you busy without making too much fuss for people sitting next to you
My goto word game. Classic Words Plus is, in a word, excellent. I think it's much better than any other crosswordstyle app I've ever used. It's simple and elegant interface, and its many options, add greatly to its usefulness for me. Best of all, it's adfree. Love this game
Great, user friendly. The best game I have come across so far. Please instead of America or  UK English, let players choose dictionary to use. Collins. Sowpod, TWL etc
Love it  Very Challenging It really makes you think  The board it clear to see, even with the small screen of my Samsung s5 Active....  I have this game on my cell, tablet and iPad....
My bus journey would be no good without it Essential travel game.
Great game Works well, i am not getting interrupted by adds  I am really happy with game
This is the best Scrabbletype app I have played Runs consistently, smooth operation, fun
Marvellous My fave word game by far. The computer is really good opponent and no stress with cheats. Be great to have an average final score in the stats thank you
Great Game I enjoy this immensely,  maybe a little too much. 
Thank You For adding the new words that are allowed in official tournament play.  I love playing the highest level computer player and seeing how my strategy matches up against its superior word knowledge.  Can you please add a tile tracking feature
Good app Being a big Scrabble fan, the app is great. The Plus version is nice to see the points ahead of playing a word, and to see whether letters will work faster. And of course no ads is good.
Classic Word Plus I kind of like it and enjoy Playing it. I got the full version because I hated seeing ADS always popping up while I 5 Playing.
Great Good single player scrabble game that helps pass the time.
Better then Android Scrabble, worth paying for.
Love it Great brain break
Good game. Just like Scrabble
Very much worth the upgrade Love this game now the ads are  gone. No distractions  A great time passer and mind exercising app.
Love love love this have hardly stopped playing this since I downloaded it First class app 2.99 well spent
Alot of fun and educational. It's improved my vocabulary, even when I lose. As long as you learn, you never really lose.
Steve Best word game out
Great game Really like it
Great way to pass the time This is my go to game. I play it daily. Love it
Love it and use it often
Still love it 112015 and still love it 
Great time passer Get it
Fun
great
Classic Words Totally addictive
Excellent Best word game
