Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Amazeballs Its soo great but  i wish some of the things were abit cheaper i mean come on for your pou to be different colours it like 900 seriously 
Hey  Where did my bunny costume dissapear  I want it back  The whole sectikn of rabbit suits is gone  WHYYYYYY Fix and i'll rate 5
Amazeballs It's soo great but I wish some things were abit cheaper I mean come on for your pou to be different colours it's like 900 seriously 
Jeep disappeared wtf I so love Pou, buti just moved the app to my tablet and lost the Jeep i spent 1999 coins to unlock COULD YOU LOOK INTO THIS PLEASE I NEED MY JEEP
Good job I though I'd be one of these games where it's just 5 seconds of fame but this game no matter how old I am , I still want to use it. Doesn't get boring because there is way too many games and the costumes are quite cute.Obviously recommend for little kids.
Really good game All those people who hate It. Why Yes the games are customized versions of other games but no one complains about white tiles for having a Flappy bird mode or any other personalized games. Anyways a really good app
Awesome and 1 issue this is awesome because it's like you're taking care of a real child it's so fun to you can visit other pou and other things and some of the Pou he can become friends and visit them. The issue is the games on pou keep glitching Sorry.
Pou I like this game because it has lots of things . I play this in bed and day time after school . It kills my battery but I don't mind. Great game I play this all the time xx
This is a great way for kids to learn to take care of stuff such as Petz hamsterz animals parents me and say animals are hard to handle and take responsibility if you show me that you have responsibilities you may have a pet so this is so this app is a great way for kids to get to the responsibilities for their pet
Charming little game. My Neice adores it and spends all her time when I see her playing on it. Lovely little game for the younger ones. Doesn't require any cash to play unless you're mental and reeeeeeeeeally need your Pou to have a certain hat  and tons of mini games. Great work Devs, it's like a compilation of all the classic mobile games in one. You just need a Snake, and space invaders type mini game and you're set. Pou Pong perhaps
This was fun to play Please add a daily bonus 20 coins, 40, 80, 160, 320 realistic levels to unlock things gingerbread man, pets, pretty wallpapers etc., earrings, maybe a pou scooter, some customizeable things eg.change deck,wheels add stickers for pou skateboard, a pou dodge game you could have green aliens shooting pou and he has ten lives, he has to dodge that kind of thing.
Awesomesauce This game has a mix of every mobile app game you could think of.I have played it for a long time. There are plenty of options and even tho your Pou takes time to grow you can always play games to pass time. I love this mobile game .This game is perfect for what it is, so im giving it five stars.
WHYYYYYYYYYYYYY lol I dunno, but my friends in School told me that  Pou have a cam at the front e.o iz data true I don't think so  i'm gonna google dat and tell the word im right D lmao                              POU WILL KILL US ALL   
Pou This game is awesome It's one of the nicest virtual pet games  But I hope in the next update they will put some sales on some things. You know what I mean Some things are really expensive. But still, it's super awesome  
Awezome Its really awesome I've had it for a long time and it doesn't get boring guys get this all my friends love it heaps i like how u can become friends theres nothing that u can make better
This is a great game but I think when u want to turn it back into a baby or adult u should not have to. Pay. For it with money
Started by my granddaughter I've been tending this POU for over a year how could I give anything but a 5 star rating no really do like the POU experience
GOOD But the items were so expensive and you will get only a few coins when you play the games...can't you fix itAnd also can't you create pou's outfit like One Piece tshirt or else cause anime nowadays are so popular....
Its kewl cause......... Its yours you can do what ever you want with it your the boss sooo if you haven't tryed  it then hurt up and install it 
