This game is epic and super awsome one problem it does does get very dark when it rains it is hard to see were I am going other than that the game is awesome loved it
Just on thing pls read I dunno what the heck it goin  on but I'm at level 7 and where the heck is my first dog I dunno that ether, it won't let me have my new pack member because it thinks I'm  not touching it pls fix this glitch Pls
Awesome Game I really like this game and am addicted to it but, can you add mates, pups and other stuff like that Every other simulator that you guys made includes mates and young. This is still a good game though
Plz upgrade the dog catcher Could you guys make it so the dog catcher puts you in he's truck and you go to the pound and you get adopted after like 10 minutes after you get captured plz People would property download this game more if that would happen PLEASE DO THIS
Awesome game...but... There are so many glitches. When u bite humans they go through  the ground or they go through the walls. Also it wont let me get more than one dog in my pack. U should add more to the game to...like when u kill the animals u can eat them... Or probably have pups, have a mate, other animals, or even diseases I believe if u add these there will be a lot more views or downloads  hope it helped
Needs work This game is fun, just but...it gets kinda boring after a while and how come I can't change the color of my dog I mean I get u can play as different dogs in your pack but still. Plus why can't I mark my own territory Onsted of doing it were those little markers are. And you also should add more character slots for pups and plz make mates. Over all its a great game. If you could I beg u that u can make a cat sim plzzz and a cooler map and realistic looking cats. That's is all
Best games in the world. Two things, how do I find bones underground Also can you please update it so I can have pups Please respond and nothing will beat your games, one more thing how do I get past the beach to another place keep up the good work D
Love it but Like other people are saying can there  be pups and like the series the warrior cats and upgrade the dog catcher where he takes you to the pound and you get adopted and you can make a choice where if you want to be a house dog or a stray dog please respond.......YOU CREATORS ARE THE AWESOMENESS PEOPLE IN THE WORLD THANK YOU SO MUCH I LUV YOU GUYS
1010 would woof again Well, last week, I noticed my testicles were missing. I had been neutered. I ran away and joined a pack of stray dogs. They gave me a phone, and I became their leader due to my aposable thumbs. Then I found this game. It was a personal representation of my life, but a little less humany. Thank you, GlutenFree games.
Good but You can't play the game without a dog coming after you its so annoying And I see like my mates and other strays being able to poop and I can't I can only pee but I see other dogs poop so please let me do that
OK stop complaining OK so I know how to get more dogs same with cat game attack the dog you want until it's got 1 health left then click bond ok Please add mates and 1 more pack slot please
AWSOME.... I love this game especially when i love polar bear sim Btw how do you build a pack Please respond. And thank you for the help on the follower i got confused XD. Another thing is are you a female Every time i swap im smaller than the other dog.
Awsome but I dont like how you have to level up to have a pack. I also would play thos game every day if you made it so if the dog catcher catchs you you get took to a shelter and adopted. You can run away to and go into houses. Plz do this, it would mean every thing to me. I like this game because the survival are intense and fun ,it also its cool hey there are so many dogs in this game its a dream for a dog lover. Plz still consider the following too.
It's epic I found a glitch. When you... say.. after you bite a human or a different dog, such as a bulldog, when you fight a Husky or German Shepherd, the picture shows a bulldog or any other doghuman that you fought before the husky or German shepherd other than this it's an epic game
The best dog control ever  It would be nice if u can breed and get pack together so when your dog get old that pup can take it over the pack but this game is addicted
I love this game Please please take the advice This game rocks I love playing as a stray I've be waiting for a game like this I wish you would make us be able to get caught by the dog catcher and be taken to a pound and be adopted by a human and a disease to and vets more like the real life of a stray dog then this game would be amazing Love love your games
Nice game Just bought this game and it's awesome this is one of my favorite simulators and one of the best simulators I had ever played
Fun This game is very nice, sometimes glitches but overall it's good
