Great Game The gameplay and graphics are great. I always prefer a paid app more than free apps. The ability to restart the race compulsively within the first imperfect turns without losing in game currency is crucial for enjoying a racing game. I also like the ability to choose the game difficulty. This makes the first levels challenging, unlike most games where you mindlessly slog through the majority of the game before encountering a couple challenging levels at the end.
Step back to the classic game I am a big fan of the reckless racing games. The first was my favourite game and I took a while to appreciate version 2. It seemed more refined than reckless  version 3 is back to the greatness of the first game and even includes the original tracks. I will be playing this for a long time to come. Thank you, thank you, thank you, pixelbite people, you are stars For the future any chance of damage mode and bringing in the upgrades from version 2
Love it love it love it........ Great fun and addictive. Also quite challenging. I recommend this game.
Great fun Enjoayble racing. Nice graphics. Not as good as Reckless 2 in some ways, such as car upgrades, but some fun new modes. Worth it.
Great fun Had version one and two on my old iPad, didn't think there was an Android version yet but found it today Works great with moga power pro controller which I'm very fond of using on the train to work. Good stuff Running on note 5, zero issues.
Just awesome Pixelbite have done it again, awesome graphics with such a high level of detail, handling has just the right amount of difficulty yet enjoyable. Highly recommended, especially if played with a controller.
Love it Although ,a little issue... Sometimes the game freezes and it is processing in low frame rates. Galaxy note 4 with exynos chip
Great game Nice smooth game, fun, outstanding graphics. I loved it, even though I had to pay it, cheers....
Back to basics Deva did a great job of bringing back the physics that made the first one great. This has been my favorite mobile racing series since I got the first one. It is not a precision racer but instead is the best drift racing game I've  played which suites touch screen much better imho. The new game modes and integration with my moga controller are great too.
Best racing game so far Seems like there are zero issues with this game on a Sammy S5
I like top view racing and this one does it well. I just need a joy pad and this should be perfect.
Glitchy but... The camera is a bit glitchy at some points and i love the realistic crashing other than the camera awesome game keep up the good work
Choppy Playing on the Note 4, while racing, the frame rate can get choppy at times would be 5 stars if you could please fix
One of those for pure fun Runs great on nVidia Shield and has controller support  ticks all the boxes 
Fun Just like any other game you have people who complain but I think it's great
Great, satisfying, arcade racing experience.... 5 Title says it all...just plain'ole'fun.... Thanks for the amazing racing series..  Patiently awaiting RR4...5...6.... Haha...keeepm coming
As good as the first It WOULD have been nice to have functional upgrades as opposed to merely cosmetic ones. On the other hand, I actually appreciate being compelled to drive various types of vehicles. If you are new to Reckless Racing and want a smaller footprint, you can't go wrong buying the original.
Great Awesome time killer with good graphics and fairly entertaining.
Sick game, looks mint on LG G4 Love this racer, once you have saved up money for the better cars no in app purchases were made
Fun all the way Been playing this game for a long time now and never had any software issues with it. It's very challenging, love the graphics, physics and it's very competitive. Thanks guys for such a good game.
Get game Grfx physics music controls. All good....fun....addicting
