Hard to sirvive Any way it's hard to sirvive but it's just the animal food chain and nature to oh well AND THE HOUSE IS IN THE MOUNTIAN GOD And a hint for abby u battle another falcon till its on low health then bond with it then when the bond button comes up and David is right to yaknow
Huh This is everything I wanted Except...      1Why so I slide so much and why does the sliding increase                                           2Is the  first falcon I bond with is my mate   3The dead bodies I can eat have already been eaten. Can other birds and animals eat them, or do they just rott away    4The sliding is a problem when I am catching fish. I spend too long trying to pick it up.  Also, please do a reindeer simulator Thank you so much gluten
Awesome Game I love how you guys finally fixed the eyes of these animal models. But why does the falcon have to look so fat Thank You
Its a good game I love it but win I walk its really laggy.im wondering if you could fix it.after al its a good game. 3
Only one glitch, PLEASE READ When you are holding your hatchling it sort of floats. But this is the the best simulator so far. I was wondering if you can use this map for wolf simulater, well the main land. Also the wolf design. Can you please use the cat simulator map for the stray dog simulator I would love to see a pet simulater, where you cam choose to be a cat, dog, or bird and start in a shelter.
Awesome I love it Can you make it so when you swoop it isn't so hard to kill them I've been right on top of animals but nothing... I've played a while but only gotten two pounces. Please make wyvern simulator mountain cave den, sea dragon simulator you can swim but also fly on massive wings, and a mountain wolf simulator with the wolf pattern you used in the Falcon Simulator. Thanks, A
Pleased.... Skeptical on games but this one is a good title and great mobile game. A
So fun and some ideas on more sims Ok you get to fly through hoops and earn your wings fly ubove the clouds carry your eggs and chickes discover the places hunt and have a lot of fun I love it  ok. Bobcat simulater, squrril simulater,  peacock simulater,deer simulater,porkupine simulater,unicorn simulater and more but I love this enjoy life if you hate it do not download it and doint put it in commets for the game desinger to read if you love it put it in the commets bye 3  
BEST GAME EVER BUT..... It was amazing in every way so realistic but why are there no actual caves and there was some weird glitch when all these horses were floating, dancing and spinning in circles. What is really weird is the rats are the size of the falcon but the game itself is amazing. I love love loved it.
YAY I've been waiting for falcon sim I always have wanted to know what it's like to be a falcon Here's my saying don't just fly... Fly like a falcon
LOVE AT FOR ST SIGHT Me and my cousin were going to my uncles boat, we looked at the games. I saw it and freaked out. I love this gameOh its not in a tree, it's in a mountain.
The nest is hard to find... For anyone who can't find the nest it is in a hole in the side of the tree, its a small ish hole and its hard to see but if you look closely you should be able to see it
Not so much It's kinda hard to play because when I play it goes slow.Please make a Tasmanian devil and Tasmanian tiger and Wolf Also Ultimate cheetah
Love it This is awesome and guys to find a mate attack another hawk and when its almost dead it will say a bond botton click that and the mate is yours and the den is not a tree it is a rock it will blend with the rock so keep a look out anyway wonderful job on the game but i want a refund
BEST BIRD SIMULATOR U HAVE MADE Love it love it love it If u guys r having trouble thinking of new simulators, I got some ideas kangaroo Sim, Parrot Sim, buffalo Sim, butterfly Sim, rhino Sim, oh and on wolf Sim can u change the wolf graphics to look like the wolves in this game Thx
Lots of things fixed The main thing u fixed was the wolves. In your other simulaters, the wolves looked weird, and in wolf sim, it just doesn't  make sense. But u have FINALLY  fixed it. THANK U SO MUCH
PLZ MAKE ANOTHER SIMULATOR Can u plz make a deer simulator Plz It can live in the forest and u can have a heard of 7 or something. Plz make it u make the greatest simulations ever D
Best one yet I think this one is awesome I love how when you have babies they're  little chick's at first it's really cute  It's really fun to fly around especially when your go up and then dive down. Keep up the good work, guys
Pretty fun game Its not without its little bugs and glitches such as when I'm dive bombing my mate is casually flying backwards at the same rate but its a fun little game and passes the time
Nicely done So much better after the update Really enjoyed it I can't kill the bears, buffalos or wolves because I am too weak. P So I tend to avoid them...... How do you pounce
I like it but Like it but when I go to the question  mark on the map it's should be my nestwhen I go there it's not telling me this is now your nest plz plz plz plz plz plz plz fix I'm a number one fan of your games make a deer sim bye bye
AH I've got an idea You should make a MACAW simulator D you're welcome for my genius idea w
