Great way to fill in time Love the game. It's brilliant for passing the time if you're stuck in a waiting room or something and I like to play last thing at night before going to sleep. It settles my brain. I've got this and Freecell and Soduko now. Thankyou Brainium for really well presented games.  Bit expensive but worth it to avoid the ads.
Great Game Playing paid version on Samsung Tab S. Runs great. Only play 4 suits option, prefer the challenge. Win some, lose a lot more. The back button helps the win .
Addicted Had to get the paid version.  Hate the ads.  I've been playing for a long time, and it hasn't gotten old yet.
I love this game. It's great to paly whenever you need to kill some time.
Very challenging Love all the games from Brainium Studios they are very well made and fun to play.
Spider game rocks This is the first game that I have paid for. So far, it is excellent. A good way to pass the time. Will update if there are any developments.
Great Quick Games ... Great game to play while waiting for appointments.
Great Game Keeps your mind going. Excellent
If you like spider solitaire... Then give this app a try... Straightforward implementation with a few configurables. One, two, and three suits supported. Very nice. Play it often.
Great timefiller Single suit gets a bit predictable over time. Two suit can be crazy frustrating,  but winnable enough. Haven't attempted three suits. Well put together.
Best version I have played in my phone.
Best Spider I've  played. Kills the MS version.
Great Game Great game from a great company. Hope they will make more Solitaire games.
Good fun Paid gets rid of the flashing ads
Play it all the time win some lose some. Great game
Good app Plays well. Smooth. No crashing or issues.
One of the best great
Favorite Spider version I love this game Smooth graphics and plenty of customizations  I have this game on all my Android devices main one is Huawei Mate 7 
Very solid and complete for a single version of solitaire.
Play when there's a chance. Very good.
Spider Love this game. Totally addicting.
Works perfectly Every hand is solvable.
Spider Solitaire by Brainium Get the paid game  No annoying ads
Just what I wanted Intuitive to play, looks great and has all of the options I was looking for.
Spider Solitaire. Love this game.
Best version of Spider Solitaire available Controls are intuitive animations are smooth game is very responsive. I like. 
Fun game
Great distraction I enjoy this version of spider. I enjoyed the challenge of getting g all of the achievements. It IS possible to get everything.
Love the Brainium games
I play it daily.
