A great game too get lost in This game is fun and I'd you watch them on you tube you can feel more apart of the game.  A bunch of small victories to post time and have fun.
Dude perfect If I could I would r8 9 stR because this is the best game in the world and I love dude perfects videos they r the best I recommend u 2 download this very good quality game
Awesome I'll watch dude perfect but whats better than being the characters and doing cool trick shots. This is so good that they should make another game but doing soccer Dude perfect is awesome
Fun Only thing is that it will shutoff randomly from force close and if your playing and get a call then try to go back it has a black screen with the sound in the background. Other than that its great
Awesome Best game I loved it no lag everything is awesome
Need more level If i dont get more levels i will uninstall it and what i hate u have to get all three star to go to a next level need morelevela i completed all of it and i'm waiting
Rocks Its amazing try it then you well you well keep playing.And I love your channel well done Dude perfect.
Awesome It's an awesome game The graphics are really good and the characters look like the real Dude Perfect squad.
Cool It is fery fun and har but cool
Love it I like dude perfect and I have seen their videos too. The only thing is that I don't get volume when I play the game. But its a good game .
JUST STUPID Super lame but I'll rate 5 stars just for fun
Boss game It is boss beacause it is a good challenge even my 5 year old brother likes it
BEST GAME EVER I love dude perfect this game is amazing and I like that it gets hard
Dude perfect You never sees to amaze me on your videos the game everything you do is crazy keep does videos coming oh and great game I love it the best game I Ever played
Awesome Dude I like your video,s and how do you make all those trickshots
I love this game, but developers are taking to much time to make new levels, please make new levels asap.
THE BEST GAME. I like all of you guys but cody and coby are my favorite.
The beast game ever  I love this game so much because i love Dude perfect. I even follow them on youtube i always whach them ever single day.
Love this game But we need more levels I've been waiting for an update for awhile
