I use a ALCATEL onetouch idol phone. I enjoy playing this game The phone screen is a little small for the game, but still is big enough to become a challenge. It is great for killing time
Level 408 A lot of these reviews complain about the fact that you can't change the color and claim it makes some levels impossible but I say you are all quitters I'm level 408 and still going. Only thing I can complain about is there is some repeat patterns but with 400 levels how many patterns can you come up with that aren't a little bit alike Love this game for passing time  and it doesn't use a lot of battery
Hate it, can't stop playing I hate this stupid freaking game, it has sucked up countless hours of my life. More addictive than cocaine. Nice job 
This game is perfect for killing time. Its really fun and I like that you can't change the color of the ball so it makes it a little more challenging. Earned 5 stars 
Nice simple time filler Basic bubble game. Fairly easy. To those complaining about no colour swap, try harder. Or get a game that just says You win every time you launch
Love this game. Hours upon hours I have played this elegantly simple game. Currently on level 372. So I know 125 can be beaten. Wait till 300 took me 4 days to get passed it lol. So much fun for killing time.
There's a pattern... It makes you think, you can only win some levels if you know the pattern. You might see a open shot but it's not the right answer. This game makes you really think about where you put the bubble at. So don't be upset if you get frustrated with the game you just have to put more thought into it. And this is coming from a nerd so...
VERY ADDICTIVE Three in a row,starts easy then gets harder and harder and just when u want to give up it throws u a easy one,are lets you pass the hard level
Bubble shooter classic Shoot all the bubbles down.  Next level is harder. Great game it releaves my stress.
Bubble shooter classic Cool game to use up some spare moments trying to beat the bubbles
Great game Its an addictive and attractive game.Some say not able to swap is bad but I think its good and is challanging.
