All you need to do is this I had the same problems as every one eles with assets but all I did was uninstal some apps I didnt want any more and badabing badabom it started working
It's awesome I am happy cause this game but you need to update it more I finished the whole game but it needs more updates I really want to play it more.Pls listen to me pls developers make it happened make my dreams come true.
That new update looks cool but it would let me upgrade to. Did it get a 2015 update yet at all should have one and 50 more level add on too
Amazing WHAT IS EVERYBODY COMPLAINING ABOUT Amazing game no flaws. If you want no ads you turn off wifi
WOW If the original angry birds titles weren't good enough, this is quite impressive.  From being able to play as the pigs to all the different powerups, this game is amazing.  Also, for no ads, just turn off your mobile data and WiFi.
Gr8 game Without a doubt the best angry birds game to date....yea wen it was first released even free version had no ads...now it has...why moan bout ads fr such a gr8 game.....turn ur Wifi off and play it problem solved...or rather than moan pay a measly 79pence fr ad free.....u can't expect rovio to spend money making gr8 game and not get nothing back.....it's coz of them ads ur playing it free so stop moaning.. As said above..turn Wifi off.....no ads..prob solved...
Star wars Big star wars fan didn't finish season 6, no spoilers  Favourite characters Darth Maul, General Grevious, and Savage Oppress  Does Anakin become Darth Vader like in the movie MAY THE OINK BE WITH YOU
Hours of fun Review by my 6.year old son...here goes ...Hours of endless fun..  An epic  game that has managed to enthrall us big time   The fireflies are funny but not good. The 2 new episodes are exciting.... the broken city and the lava land 
When are we going to get a option to earn more coins Can we get some more coins please its getting real old getting the same characters in carbonite and not being able to unlock bonus levels because you can't afford and can't earn daily character u need. more coins please
