Awesome  Cool game for the zombie lovers. Also very light in terms of total size of the game. Liked the perks n the variations in the game a lot. Works just fine on my Asus Laser.
Killing zombies I enjoy killing zombies because it is fun and I really get a kick out of it there's nothing better than I would not rather like to do then to kill zombies and keep going while I'm still alive
Awesome game..M.addicted now. This game is tooo gooood. Keep up the good work guys.but where is the next update or new levels
Perfect Game.. nice game..best and suitable for all user..i give 5star..good jobs..thanks for this game
Entertaining This game has given me a lot of respect for the undead. They are not easy to take out. Caution dont play this before sleeping because the game will continue..
Nice game but I m at 60th stage and now I can't totally start the game just showing Loading otherwise Not start . Game was Not start so please solve my Problem ...
Still Xmas Love the game, but when are you guys gonna get rid of Undead Santa Xmas is long over, and I've been shooting him down since last year.
More Need to move on like adding double guns and double heavy weapons as well as armor plates to the vehicle. I beat level 80 awhile ago and it still reads coming soon. Also make is so it attaches to Facebook to save progress for when you get a new phone. Nothing sucks more then new phone starting over a game that was over half way complete.
Off the chain Wow...very addictive game great action every second....cant wait for level 10
Need more level Hi , i have completed all 80 levels so we will get more levels.
Suggestion It's really a fun game actually...... Needs some improvements.......... Such as reduce more vehicles  guns..... Such as army APC , MRAP, Ifv... 30 mm avenger Gatling gun, bofor 40 mm cannon, atomatic granade luncher etc........ Plz continuously update this game with new fetures ....... I enjoy playing it
Cant wait for the new levels it certainly makes the train to and fro work pass the time enjoyably
Get this one If you wanna know why 5 stars you just gotta play and see. Its that good
nice game.. its fun..and drive me crazy to play this game i love it.this game was took away my boredom.
addicted.. awsm game..luv eveyting bout it..the grafcs,sound efct,weapons nd evrting else
great game and very challenging, finished the game up to stage 80......when is the new stages coming out
Excellent but Please add option to compare our progress with online users.
Best game This is the only game you can play without having to wait for life
Addicting... Addicting...awesome game but waiting for level 9...its been a while now
zombie roadkill 3d i liked this game.. good work
This game is the Best Game Ever, you wont regret download GET THIS GAME....MIT IS THE BEST ANDROID GAME YET....ENDLESS ZOMBIE KILLING FUNNNNN Huray
Perfect Zombie Game... Great game I love it and so does my 6 year old son
I hate zombies... So I love this game.. 
Loved I loved this game because this is very interested .It is 3d and it difficult way.
Suprb....must download...plss try this game...plssplsssplsss...I loved it
Zombie Cool
Fun Game It's really easy to play and can have fun for a very long time.
5 star game It was very high quality. No use of Internet.
Wonderful Game I just love this game....please admin add some more levels at the earliest...
