Got it working Ok so I haven't played song pop in years and I go to download it again and when I go to play it says download error and won't let me play against anyone plz help will rate 5 stars if someone helps me fix it it keeps saying oops there was a problem when loading the song. Update got it working and have rated 5 stars
Love it I love this game my friend's play it and my uncle's so im going to rate 5 I understand everything in this game everybody should enjoy this it's a very awesome game so tell you're friends to get this awesome app and I bet they will love it.Thank you for reading this I appreciate it
RECENT PROBLEMS for the past 4 days i hav not been able to play at all. i hope it gets fixed soon or i will b forced to uninstall the app altogether. it is soooo frustrating, becoz this is my most favorite game. im trying to stay away from songpop2. PLZ FIX THE PROBLEMS
I love this gameI deleted it years ago and saw it again and downloaded it.
Love The constant glitching and freezing is fixed   Love ittttt
Love Very good processing just the ads though kinda annoying but its ok i can live with that
Everyone should download Absolutely love this game Categories to suit all music tastes
Soooo good classic rock hell yeah 5 stars
The best  I love I love I love it I can't get enough away I always playing
Songpop Fun quizzes, nice to have a good quiz game and good music.
Awsome It was awesome and I like it because you can compete with other people and when you win your like whoohoo and when you lose your like aww man let me try again so what I am trying to say is that it is addicting and fun
Addictive game Love no problems but it loads the songs slow
Works perfect That last update fixed all the troubles. Thank you and a fun game to play
SO ADDICTING I love this so much it's so addicting
Good I like this because you can get to know your songs that you like and challenge your friends
Pop rock Great songs, fun too 
First impression good going to keep playing
Can't play it for some odd reason
Love this game Been playing a few years with no problems. Had an issue a couple of days ago and I could not get into the game to play. Emailed developer and after several emails  back and forth, game is fixed. Developer is very helpful Love this game
