New things for game Halfbrick can you add two new things to the game for example add 1 hours worth of gold for late starters and any jetpack. Free just one
Halfbrick rulings This game is amazingly good . It is wonderful made. Thank you Half brick  for designing this game for me and the rest of the lovers of this game, makes me feel better and I will be in a good mood as long as I am playing it. Safe for kids and for adults .
Connection Problems It says I have to update my Google connection but I cant. So I cant see leaderboard and I cant get achievments after new BTF update. But there is nothing wrong with FB connection. I contacted with you HB Support and you didnt answer me back. I hope youll fix this problem soon because this game deserves 5Star.  FIXED 
Best game in the world Im on level 64 this is my favourite game ever. Whats the best vehicle or updated vehicle because im saving up for the zombie T rex but it takes adges. Hey halfbrick studios are you working on any new games because most of your games are really good. P.S please reply.
Cool I used to have this game a long time ago. And like I did not have it until like 1 year. So now since I am seeing the pictures and playing the game. It is not like last time. I thought it would not change for anything. Now I am pretty depressed and sad. But the game is still pretty good. If you like game like, for example  kinda like adventure, and games that you see on the pictures. And thanks for your time The game is worth a try  Oh and this game is only 10  
Best game I love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love it
Amazing At first i was grumpy over the dissappearence of allthe cool old stuff but then i saw the reply to the guy about the revolving inventory and that is actually really cool All in all a  great game with cool new things since the last time i played well deserved 5 stars. P.s please bring back the tornado jetpack it was really cool
One of the best Im addicted and this is an amazing game, truly remarkable...only problem was its a bit harder for people who just started to get something decent. Perhaps you could help them
Awesome game, just needs a couple of new things The game is fun and addicting. The gameplay is perfect, there is plently of variety in terms of items, costumes and vehicles. Also, I like the new DeLorean Time Machine. However, it would be nice to have a few more new and unique gadgets to play with.
You are haveing so much fun You're going to have so much fun it going to have so much fun oh yeah oh yeah you're going to have so much fun yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes of course yes this game is so much fun yes yes yes yes y es yes yes
