Love it I adore RetailMeNot. Long before smart phones w appsplatforms had exsisted I had used itRMN has been around many years and just keeps getting better Ty for the money saving opportunities
Love the coupon savings.
Awesome app Thanks
Pretty awesome When I can get it to work in the stores I think certain Stores like Target put a damper on Their public  WiFi signal just so you can't log into apps like this in their stores
I have saved a lot of money with this app. Would love if you would reach out to more mom and pop shops.
Why would you NOT use this I absolutely love this and I just joined. This is really going to save me some real money, I know it. Thanks
Great app I love it I have won anything yet tho  other then that it's amazing
Retail Me Not This app is great for persons who are working with a budget. I will certainly use this app often.
Savings galore Awesome having coupons on the go. App has saved me money many times.
Great Deals I've saved so much with this app. Lots of things that I would've had no clue about without it Just make sure you always read the fine print thoroughly
Great Saved some money with this app. Wish it had more coupons for my favorite stores.
Great I always look at this app before I purchase items. I almost always find a coupon or free shipping.
Happy Camper  Love it Convenient and helpful to find sales
Really works Love that the codes actually work and that they have expirations on them as well.
Good to have Kept making my mom give me these coupons then i finally downloaded the app. Pretty cool.
I Love this App It is Amazingly Helpful for keeping me updated on Sales Thank you
Saving a buck Love being to save as well as being reminded about coupons when I walk into a store great app
great when I've forgot my coupons I can most likely find them here
Love it I always remember this app at the last minute, when I'm in the check out line, and 9 times out of 10, I'm able to use it I've saved at Michaels, Hobby Lobby, Steinmart and Vistaprint to name a few.
Nice app Gives amazing deals online or in store. You get sales alerts and coupons. All around just a great app. A must have if you like saving 
Its a great app This app is worth downloading because of all the coupons it presents. My only problem is that it has trouble registering my touch input when searching through coupons. If it weren't for that I would give it 5 stars. Update thank you for fixing it.
Great finds Great deals, great finds Especially love the reminder I get when my saved coupons are near expiration.
