Addicted Love that I can pay it in my free time,  waiting at the doctors office or wherever. Keeps my scores, and  is very relaxing, keeps the brain alert wroth the different puzzles it has
My perfect mental floss When I want to distract myself from my worries, Ultimate Jewel is my current obsession. I don't like games that are timebasedI get stressed and frustrated playing them. UJ has no rundown timer.
Ultimate Jewels... It's really enjoyable and addicted game..i love it...
Love it Never a dull moment.  I am still waiting to get bored with it. ........
Very addictive game Great way to pass the time and hard to put down once you get going
Lots of fun Great game no ads the whole family enjoys playing
Addicting This game is addicting so much so that I sometimes think it is the only game I play. Love it
So much fun, no advertising. Very addicting
Love it Can play while waiting in line or anytime.
Ultimate Jewel A match 3 game that is fun and has no time limit I am old and slow, so this game  Works Very well for me.
Download and enjoy Of all the jewel games, this one is the best. It has minimal advertising and you have to use strategy to advance through levels more than any similar games. Great job developers
I can play this all day Best jewel game
Ultimate jewel I love this game so far its challenging w all the different patterns. I havent found too many jewel games i like. 5 stars on this one.
Lots of fun Great
Luv it Luv this game...it's easy and fun for all 
My favorite Can play for hours on or offline.
Ultimate Jewel Lots of fun
LOVE THIS GAME No time limits, easy enough to play, challenging enough to keep it interesting
Game kept me focused tight
Great game would recommend it to everyone
Ultimate Jewel Easy 3 in a row. Very relaxing.
Endless fun No commercial pop ups. Game runs smooth.
Love it Wonderful. No IN APP PURCHASES, HIDDEN FEES or POP UPS I love this game. Best stress buster ever. Make more games please
Fantadtic Addictive you will keep on playing
Mindless fun A great way to pass time.
great app.....addicted
love it Best game ever too me I find it complex
Beautiful game
Ultimate Jewel
