Awesome This game has so much to do and so many different characters.               The only thing I don't understand is what do you do with the coins, you keep obtaining them regularly but there is nothing to spend them on
Title still feels congested, but. I'm glad your team took the expedition glitch into imediate action, i'm very impressed and happy. Thank you Elysium
Fun Game I'm hoping this maintenence fixes the issues. This has a lot to do on it. It's one of my favourites on google play, yet.
Bug Just updated to 1.5.0 and there's a problem with the expedition.....after fighting the first team the map is blank....can't claim gold or move to the next battle. Love the resource ridge btw
sighs Shut down for maintenence. Now emergency maintenance shutdown. It's been 9 hours minimum between the two. Hope it gets fixed soon
It's a good game i play every day My only wish is that it didn't cost so much gold diamonds to play when u run out of something like energy it costs diamond's to buy more and every time after the price of diamonds gos up in stead of down
Awsome game still love it but now I cant continue on the expedition map please fix thanks
Good game But after latest unstall it does not work on my G2 please help
A Better FreeToPlay Experience Only issue I have with the game is the limit of 500 on energy, which isn't even a big deal, otherwise loving the updates. Hard to find a better game that doesn't force you to go broke, trying to enjoy it.
Great for an auto play rpg. Upgraded my phone to the note 5 and now the game will not play. I can access the daily gifts and rewards  but nothing else.  Please fix and I will return the 5 star rating. This ended up not being a game issue as much as a phone issue. The Galaxy S6, and Note 5 both being glass all around, the phone became supersensative to too touch. I had to rest the phone on a table top or arm of a chair to play the game.
Bugs The latest update is full of bugs and the expedition will not even work
1.5 is broken Great game but this latest update completely broke it. Expedition is unusable, the little green  symbols when you have something new equipable for your character no longer flash, and all in all the game feels clunkier  not quite as smooth. Please fix asap.
The Best of it's Class Better than the rest and following its update the developer was quick to remedy issues. Good stuff.
Very good game But since the last update will not load it is saying there trying to fix the problem and it will take a few hours 7 hours later and still not fixed shame because it's a good game just waiting for problem to be fixed now
I do love this game its Awesome. Much improved from old game. Good fun for all ages. But...the updates do not work for all game section for my Moto X Force . please correct for 5 251115 all working again 5
Awsome game They are generous with gifts when thier servers are experiencing difficulties
The first game that didn't get me bored after few hours. Thanks
Really like the game but it won't load on my galaxy S5 after the update.
