Perfect This game is fantastic and well worth the money. It's perfect for a restaurant table setup with friends and it's so awesome it can all be done on one phone. I hadn't planed this game in a couple years, just redownloaded it, and was pleased to see the developer is still adding new puzzles Fantastic work, keep it up
Awesome Game This game is the best multiplayer experience on android.  Always adding new games and never the same game twice.  Me and the lil lady play this anytime we are board or waiting on food or service.  Exceptional in all areas the adaptive difficulty means no one ever gets too far ahead and keeps the action alive.  I wish more developers realized that people enjoy competitive multiplayer, however this is really the only game that fills that need.  Thanks so much for this wonderful game
Awesome game I've been using this game as a drinking game for a time now, and I must say, it is by FAR one of the best and most appreciated drinking games I've played. Drink when you press wrong and drink the difference between you and the winner in the end. Everyone is willing to join in, as it is nothing about sharing secrets or stuff, just  click as fast as possible, and as the night goes on you will drink more and more
Very good, couple bugs Very good fun and time passer. A few bugs  1. Illusion Tracks is far too small and hard to see on Nexus 5 screen.  2. Pairs always shows a matching pair in the screen right away. It used to take at least 5 seconds for a pair to appear on the screen.
Love it Very fun, very simple, very easy to learn how to play. Lots of variety. Been playing with this for years now great for times when you're just sitting around waiting I.e. Airport. Love how easy it is to get into it.
FABULOUS It pretty gay That's a good thing
Could be better If you can make it where it is online where we can compete against other people.
Great fun Excellent game for fun and the brain. Also for multiplayer. Fun for hours and never get board.
Great time waster I've used this app mainly on road trips with friends. Its great if your ever stuck with nothing to do with a few people. Everyone seems to enjoy it.
Worth paying for I bought this back when I got my very first android phone g1 and I still play it. It's fun to play with others.
Excellent Normally played with my gf while we wait for an order in some restaurant.
Superb....buh it has some glitches Please fix the glitches in single player mode
Worth Paying 2.99 Try it.. Is a great game.  It. Really helps your mind fun games for couples..see of you can beat your girlfriend
The best Thank you for the Panda module Thanks ever so much
Loved the two player. got the four player paid version. Great app. Amazing to kill time while traveling. It's perfect as a drinking game too
Good job My friends do not like this game because I am always better than them 
Thank You for Fewer Permissions Thank you for offering this purchase version of Reactor without ads and with fewer permissions. I love this game, great fun for anyone on the go.
Awesome So much time is spent playing this game
Great for any occasion Many different games, virtually zero explaining required for new players, instant fun.
Good Family game My family loves to play this while waiting for food at a restaurant.  It's customizable so we can pick the tasks that aren't to hard for the youngest in our crew.
Great fun to play The challenges are fun, novel and addictive. Well worth the price
best game ever pls make it HD
Just perfect And u can challenge friends play too    wicked
Divertente e rapido giocandolo con gli amici
one word amazing timekiller with friends basically the first app I open while hanging out with my friends, waiting for foods to come. simple yet exciting, best multiplayer android app
Awesome. More games please.
I lover versing my friends
You need speed and brain.. I like it
Amazing This is the app I have had installed for the longest amount of time.  Great for passing time
Needs more games Love it
Great for 14 players
Great game Great multi player table top game
Fun with two to four players
Best game To play at a table, when you are bored and have a friend nearby.
Amazing game Just great... Should be more games like this to make people 'engage'...
