What's the difference What's the difference between this and the free one
910 Don't pass this game up if you enjoy zombies, strategy defense and table top card games. Tons of replayability and easy to follow introduction to different card types. Artwork is great as well. One downside is the music isn't my cup of tea  but I just mute and listen to cannibal corpse in the background.  Would like to see a multiplayer option not to say the single player game play isnt great  it's  completely worth buying. Would buy if made into physical game maybe even group coop style.
A zombie appocalypse survival game using cardsWhat's not to love
Lots of fun Give the feeling of being under siege by the zombies.  I really enjoy it.
Well made Fun little game. Definitely worth a download
Fantastic changes I would gladly buy a reallife card set of this game. Brilliantly executed on the Unity engine now. Having owned this game for a long time, its nice to see some changes. Would love to see additional cards or story added on. A definite buy for the card game player.
Good Very nice game. Would be nice to have a few more songs added for background music. Also it would be great if the battle of cards can be a bit more dramatic. Maybe sound effects or animation 4 stars for the game and an extra one for not being a freemium game Keep developing it, this can be big
 Tom D...There is a card version of this game. It is on the POD site GameCrafter.   This is a quick and fun survival card game.
A comic book adventure card game I love this game so much, it reminds me so much of the walking dead. And I love the game play mechanics. There are a few bugs, but that cannot stop me giving this game 5 stars.
Fun game. Small bug Bug where if I exit game and go back to it it stays blank. Nexus 5. Also does not explain you need to save your deck and you can only save with 20cards
Got Addicted Wish there were more games like this.  I would definitely buy it in a hard copy card game. Great artwork. Beat it on my tablet but still kept going back to play, and started all over again from my phone.
