Great experience  Ordered 5 times on grofers.... everything I got in nice packing, no problem with refund, customer care is also very good, great offers time to time..... and best part is it saves lots of time. On weekends there is huge crowd in super markets and many time it takes an hour to pay the bill... that time is saved now...
Lovely App Have ordered things and have reached in the best form and in a convenient way.. Superb discount offers on MRP.. User friendly app and easy to order... Would recommend everyone who feels lazy going to shop for groceries.. P
Very good marketplace It is an excellent marketplace to buy for the daily essentials.Excellent serviceReceived my order in the given timeframe.Excellent packaging of products and delivered along with good quality cotton bags and cute boxes.The vegetables were of best quality as if they were carefully handpicked.Best prices of the products as could be found in market alongwith home delivery.Its going to be a tough competition for local vendors and would surely be closing their shops.
Loved it Hate to go shop yo shop after returning from work , u saved my time now can rest more. Ur service in ahmedabad is best from fresh vegies to fruit any time thank u grofers.
Lovely application It is  very nice than pepper tap .good deleivery ,good service, good company..Nice But plz apply coupen to ur. Like.100rs.off etc....Thank U
Quality and Service oriented Products are fresh and delivery is quick..service is excellent as well..sometimes fruits are not good...so please take care of that...apart its great and loving it..
Great experience so far 20 orders and I haven't faced any issues with delivery or regarding product refund  Every order with Grofers turned out to be a great experience. Kudos for an awesome service
Great and Intuitive UI My first buy was the most hassle free grocery shopping experience of my life
Keep it up Ordered many a times  no complains. Also got refunds on price diffrences. Thanx. Keep giving offers  discounts.
Take min. 10 to 15 min. For receiving call Third class call center. All services good without call center
Super fast delivery U guys hv the fastest delivery system. Like delivering orders within 90 mins is pretty incredible
The Best Grocery App I have Tried Pepper Trap, Big Basket  Grofers. I must say Grofers Is Way Better Than The Rest With Its Great Offers, Product Quality  Time Of Delivery You Get A Call If Product Is Not Available For Other Alternative Or You Get Cash If U Don't Want The Alternative Highly Recommend This App
