Badass It doesn't reinvent anything but it is very enjoyable. Update2912014 It looks it doesn't work well with Sony Xperia Z1
Best Game Ever Pretty coll,nice graphics and good gameplay. Nothing could be better than this.  
Review Predators Smooth gameplay, lots of content, amazing weapons, outstanding enemies and much more. The game is very interesting for me because the sound matches the mood of the hunters. Easy 5
Big Predator Fan This game for .99 is really good it's just so addicting can't stop playing it.  Best part in the game is the Trophy Kill oh yeah I love Predators.
D I love it it makes me feel like a boss because I get to kill all the humans not in real life
Excellent  Very fun game to play and love how its based off of the best predator movie. Great job and ty for making this.
Game is good The game is cool but the button doesn't want to work please fix then some levels are impossible to beat please make the game easier please thank you. And also make level 28 more easier because I can't pass it the predators are to over power and the dog need to go because they are really annoying .
FANTASTIC game I totally love this game, nice weapons and lots of blood , But it is quit irritating that i cant use my cannon or disc on the other predators, and please ad some one game only upgrades need something to do with my money when I have bought all the upgrades ..... But I still give it 5 stars
Too Easy Its fun all the way through...but when your done with it survival mode and wave attack are a little too easy.
Love it not bad for a dollar game..... One of the best games I have played I recomendet ... it gets better once u pass the first couple of games gets better and better...it keeps me going it became dedication...lol check it pretty cool its afortable belive me....
Love it I stole my dad's debit card for this game and it was worth it the sounds are awesome the graphics the fps is on point I love the gear room you did awesome with that  this game is awesome thanks for makeing it 0.99 I know that's a low budget for you but it does help get more buyers thank you I recommend this game to anyone that fantasize KILLING EVRYONE MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAAAAAAHAHAHA
Addicted I love the predator series and this game is one of the best games ever played.
Great Game Very fun and enjoyable. Well worth the dollar. The game is very fun and the stealth based levels are easily my favorite. The inapp Honor Point purchases aren't needed to progress in the campaign at all,  I completed the Campaign without having to farm for points or buy Honor Points. One funny thing I noticed though is that the mission 30 predator doesn't look different with thermal vision on. Overall this is a great game and is easily worth the price to buy.
love this game but hate the remake love the game it really is enjoyable to play  the gameplay is good it jus that i feel wen i press the button to attack it feel like its unresponisve at times but other then that it a good game
The Best Brutal Game This is the best brutal game that can be found in the Play Store I just can't stop playing it So exciting and thrilling
Great game My only problem is trying to kill Mr black, he always runs off when he's close to death then those dogs are biting away.. how do I kill him Lol
Brutal Cut My gosh, this has to be the most brutally amazing game I have ever played and for so little. Runs very smooth. The only downside is the size of the A and B buttons but apart from that it is good. Thanks Fox Entertainment.
