Please Im gonna get a new phone and i dont want to start from scratch can we please have a saving feature to move one account to the other please and thank you and also can u make a dream league soccer 2 please today is my birthday
some time it getting slow..plz fix it and also increase the graphics like fans cheering after goal good mobile..game ..but its to create a real apperance of players
Oo Yes.. I finished the game 2 months ago. I deleted the game going out in the play store hoping to find a new one. I never found a great game than this Thank you developers... Going to finish this game for the 2nd time..EDIT Haha going to finish the game for the third time EDIT Lol going to finish the game for the fourth time
It's pretty awesome But it is really hard to make money, but once you get a good player you have a shot at beating this game or even better building the team u always wanted, give it a shot I know u will like it
Awesome game but.... The game is good its just that when ever u finish the game i have nothing else to do so im saying that First Touch should make more divisions but with even harder teams and even add countries and also do multiplayer  and let the people pick  how long they want to do their match
Great fifa game It is really amazing and im addicted to this game,updates must be done Like some celebrations done after goal,face of person should be some realistic and why dont u make online opposite opponents it would be great.
Amazing game Last time i hated this game now i liked it i hope os same as nds fifa 14 in nds FIFA 14 we can make our own team name and our players
Improve on the buttons the get stocked at times causing the opponent to have advantage  wins the match. This is not fair at all. Not withstanding I'm unbeatable now.  Come try me.
This game is good but not anymore All i ever wanted is a multiplayer function but its not available.  So i will delete the game even my friends said that too.  Limiting games is not a good thing, your work is fantastic but its like you need attention.  Why does this update doesn't include multiplayer  This is boring playing the same teams......... If this continues I'm sure other users will also delete the game.  Good luck
Stunning I can go on about positive things about this game all day long but 1 thing that stands out the most is the gameplay i personally think this game has the best game play amongst every football games on mobile platforms. But I do have I wishcomplaint we should be given the option to choose the length of the match i want to play longer matches hopefully this option would be added in the future.
the best football game I have played I used to play this game on lumia phone and felt sad that I had to change to android phone til I found this game again on android. Its a bit too easy to win all the time. I have won all the leagues without losing any matches until the final match, damn I lost to my CLONE team, just an hour ago. anyway that will keep me playing again on elite division another season. I really love the game. Thanks a lot Dev.
The only thing I did a lot. The first one is them, I am going out The only one who can make your life and I am not sure how I got to see
