People just need to use their brains I'm not saying I wasn't stumped at times while playing this game, but it isn't hard to figure out. People complaining about it being too difficult or impossible are plain retarded. Sometimes I looked for hints on the internet, not give up because it was too confusing. THE GRAPHICS ARE WONDERFUL AND THE STORY IS CHARMING   Give it a chance.
I. Love. This. Game. I have played this on the PC. But I'm so glad to have found that it's here on android finally Well worth the money It's a beautiful game and it works wonderfully on my galaxy note 3 Thank you
Beautiful I am in love with this game  The visuals, the quirky music  beautifully done  The game can be frustrating at times having to go back and forth, but that adds to its charm in a weird way .  I am about to look and see if the creators have anything else I can play because if it is anything like this I am in for a real treat That was very corny, I know
With many reviews reporting compatibility issues, I can report that this game was fully functional on my old ASUS Transformer Prime tablet and my Samsung Galaxy S5.  Beautiful and fun game with an equally fun soundtrack  With all the different monster cards to collect, there's a lot of different easter eggs and replay value as you try to collect them all.  Definite recommend
Excellent Game This game runs beautifully on my galaxy s6 edge. Putting on head phones and booting up the game for a session before bed is wonderful. The sound track is brilliant and the best aspect of the game. Put on a pair of headphones and get lost in this gorgeous world
Fantastic More games like this Please... Simply Perfection Loved each  every sound. Whimsical design, humorous story  beautiful animation Every chapter brought new challenges,  kept me intrigued  excited to see what came next. Wish it was longer, very sad when it ended. Cant wait for Part 2 .... Soon I hope 
Fantastic So unique and truly charming Fabulous design throughout with puzzles that engage and challenge. A great game that took me by surprise with it's humour and charm. Definitely recommend this one
