Great game Started today and I can't stop playing it. But one bug annoys the hell out of me. Every time I try to accept a friend my game force closes and I have to restart the game again. Please fix this Also fix the character levels in world chat. Mine says that I'm level 11 when I'm level 23
Bugs corrected I've been playing for about 6 months.   I still play daily and enjoy the added game play over the past series of patches.  Bugs and errors seem improved, I don't have connection issues like I once did.  Thank you.
THE BEST RPG FOR IOS GAMES The reason why It is because ,if u like RPG game and don't like to pay money to get good stuff  i recommend it. because it gives u a lot more dimensions that u will have to pay money to get good stuff.  And lot of free prizes with some essay delays especially on Holly days. And the number one resound is because they lessons to us and makes improvements. And that is why it think it is the BEST RPG IOS GAME. 
This game is... AMAZING This game is definitely deserving of 5 stars. The game is a fair free to play game where it is possible to get everything without having to spend anything. That fairness is what is making me want to spend money, so that I can give a little back at least and also get ahead a little as well. This game is awesome, and I hope GTArcade keeps up their amazing support of this great game.
GtArcade You guys should really add new characters. Maybe specialize for a dragon character, a orc, a giant, a demi  god, or a half bread of a tiger and man or any animal.
Love this game I've been playing for at least eight months and still give it my full attention for at least an hour a day.
Best RPG on a phone This game is so much fun If you love RPGs like I do, this game is definitely for you. Still very glitchy at times but pros outweigh the cons. I'm hookedHad a little trouble with last update but fixed it  back to playing Thanks for responding
Like it but having some issues that I didnt have before now it wont let me do the angel trial it keeps force closing trying different things but nothing seems to work dont know what else to try 2 days now please answer
Amazing This is amazing. Simple enough. Actually purchased due to being so addicted to the game. Your almost impatient to wait.
Wicked gameplay The best game ive played on app since i had consoles. 10 years or so.
