Fun, crazy and addicted Bought this during Google Play 25 billion promotion. Now, I'm totally addicted to ski when I'm free. Even my Samsung Galaxy mini 2 can ski with no problem.  Ho ho ho... Merry Xmas. New Xmax map is fun 6614  Waiting for new map. Seem like the dev stop update the game.
Great game I didn't expect this much replay value, but my kids and I all like to play it.
Amazing Awesome I have an idea though to add to the game mabye when you jump on a wolf or a yeti, when you taxi a penguin or a bird mabye you could gain the abilitie of the animal you taxied so if I were on a snowmobile and I taxi a bird I could fly a little bit while on the snowmobile. Just a suggestion.  D p And please take out the acheivement Ski 3k without animals. Because its almost impossible and I want to move on in the acheivememnts. 
Smooth Gameplay Very addicting, Its very fun when you grab an eagle then you fall for so long and lose track of how many backflips you make. Great game.
Awesome Simple and beautiful. Fun to just play a little once in a while. Like a smartphone game should be. Also, for anyone wondering about new slopes the Android app is somewhat not the same as the iOS app. They are not developed at the same time, sort of.
Arcadecasual gaming doesn't get any better than this A game that seems to absorb time indefinitely... It simply disappears when playing this game... A game for the bus rides... The university lectures that seem to drag on and on... And those really important conference meetings too... You may play this game for 5 minutes, you may play it for hours upon hours... The only guarantee is that you'll love every minute of it.
Best game ever I'm so addicted to this game It's smooth, fast, and challenging the longer you play
Amazing  This game is super fun to play, its super smooth and just so well made, nothing about it is bad. Good job guys, keep up the good work.
Simple, but fun This game is my ideal if a time killer. Don't require the player to think to much, just repetitive tasks with one's finger and a lots of action in the background. What more can you ask for a time killing game
One of my fave games must download  This game is amazing I used to play it on the computer but then I found out it was on the tablet EVEN MORE STUFF TO DO , new animals way better then the friv version everybody download this now 
Excellent Game, Unimaginably Fun This game is one of the unique games the you stumble upon while surfing the play store, try it out and the next thing you know is that you just can't get enough of it. This is a must download if you are an android game lover Also the Google play services gives it the edge. So stop reading this review and go download the game. 
Love it Plain and simple I live this game it not too easy but it's fun and keeps you goin absoloutely would reccomend this game to anyone The developers of this game are geniuses
Lots of fun Gets a little laggy but still the game is great and there is a lot to unlock. Overall one of the best games on Android.
Love it This game is my favorite game. It keeps me entertained for large amounts of time. One thing they should add is more stuff to buy in the shop. Overall this game is great.
Excellent I'm having so much fun right now Playing this since like 2 years already,  I mean not daily, but one in awhile but I  keep my scores and ranks thanks too Google games,  I  used to suck when I  upgraded to newer phones etc.. Thanks to the developers,  packs are amazing even tho is a simple game.
Allways comming back The sign of a great game is how often you come back to it and i have kept comming back to this one since it first came out
Good I never get bored of this game. .amazing entertaining and fun ..
Ski Safari Hey people this game is the best game ever. I love it when they add new more mountains that add even more challenges. This game is a 10 star rating in my book
Best.Game.Ever Very good. Couldn't stop playing after the first time I played. Very addicting. Most addicting games get old, not this one. Ski Safari never gets old and challenges you each time you play it. This game deserves more than 5 stars
Best game on android The  new updates make a great game even better. Thanks for the awesome updates. Lots of fun for all ages.
