Awesome But needs an option to delete single pages from a notebook and some performance improvements. Both are just annoyances sometimes, no deal breakers. Except for those two things, it is perfect thumbsup
Me bought this and me loves it upon first impressions. Sent me woman a pic of a happy face and a banana to test it. Drew um meself of course. Can create pics and text fair quickly and in good style. Can email tha notes over too. Gave it a 5 rating 'cos me loves it thus. Good app for a regular guy like meself.
Really nice note taking app everything included Everything included here no more no less. Just what is needed.
Finally, it exists  I dreamt of an app like this, that would combine drawings, attached files and text EUREKA Can hardly wait to let go of the other ones...
Only just started using it Already like this. Lots of features. Well worth the small fee   update  I've been trying to add images to notes, but the app 'stops'. Fixed it didn't like the downloads folder...
Best Useful, nice app. Best. But can you add widget to take notes at home screen
Really nice app It works very well although I can't seem to find a way to delete a note. Option of  exporting notes to PDF would be nice. Also we need a way to rearrange and remove pages from the notes. Hoping these features will be added in an update soon.
Neat. Can use it to help my kids with math homework without writing on their homework
Elfbass Love the fact that I can send it via email after written.
Fantastic Recently I was looking for a good note taking application with pen or hand. I tried many of them though but now I found it, I can tell this is the stuff. GOOD JOB.
Nice app I like the different paper types and various manners of input.
Really great This app can answer what I want to note.
Note pad  Awesome tool for samsung edge 6 plus.......worked same as note5 smart note
It is so easy to use and have a lot of tons of function. Must have
Great app I love this Notepad   Simple to use, but also very versatile   Kudos to the developers.
Perfect Electronic Notepad This is the best mini publishing program I've found for Android. Makes great pages as well as just being a place to write notes. Worth every penny THX
