Love this However, the B787 needs better textures and more liveries. Also, I am unable to request new aircraft and regions as the buttons don't work. So is it possible to add the A350 and also more Asian regions like Japan, Korea, China and Hong Kong
I love it. I'm highly addicted to this sim. Very realistic. If I may add a few request and suggestions. Can you add these aircraft as follows Citation Excel, Gulfstream G450 or 650, Falcon 2000, King Air 200, Phenom 300, F15E and autopilot for the fighters. Autopilot for the fighters will help for players to fly longer and enjoy the scenery.  The Citation 10 is the best. Keep up the awesome work.
Best Flight simulator on mobile devices Yes it may be a bit pricey for some but it is worth every penny Even with the technical limitations of mobile devices, infinite flight shines through as a simulator that looks good enough to run on a family laptop. Infinite flight is always being updated by a team who deserve some recognition for what they create. Well done flying development studio  keep at it 
Awesome game Great game but can make the flying a bit easier because I always crash
Perfect but needs improvements This simulator would be better if, 1 the flying flight dynamics were more stable like in a real aircraft, and 2 the larger planes didn't sink so quickly at low speed. The sink rates are unrealistically high. Lastly, I noticed that some plane's landing speed is far grearer than what is listed for the real airplanes, they need to fix this. Landing a plane so fast is difficult, and unrealistic.
Awesome simulator This is amazing all right.The only problem is that the a318, a319 and a320 are for purchase. It is extremely unfair
Best flight sim out there but would be better if more weather options  or automatic for online also could have terminal buildings
Great sim, even better than FSX Mouthwatering aircrafts and scenery, I love the simulator. Even thought it has limitations, I still give it a perfect 1010. The whole team who made this needs a great recognition. Recommend it to those who would like a pocket sim in their hands. Keep up the good work guys
Nexuz 7 and exite 10  galaxy tab 12 Getting better with every update. When are you guys going to update the 787 and add an a350 plz
Whole A320 Family added The whole of the A320 family added. Totally recommend this as a simulator. The best one out there.
awesome hard core sim Absolutely a pleasure to fly. LIVE flying is incredible and the ATC aspect of the game is a lot of fun. Keep up the good work
LIVE Subscription This is the BEST edutainment game in the World by far. Thank you for making us believe we can fly.
Mark Prescher I like the new update. However, you have to pay for the Airbus A318 and the Airbus A319 as well as the Airbus A320 It would be nice if one of those planes could be free.
AWESOME FLIGHT SIMULATOR Nice game play and perfect graphics just I wish you didn't have to buy every good plane when you already paid for the game.
Excellent I think that you can work on instrumental flight panel for artificial horizont, altitude and heading indicator be functional. And maps in LCD monitor be functional too.
Best mobile flight sim THE BEST FLIGHT SIM I have bought all the tabletmobile simulation games and this is by far, the runaway winner.           Online ATC Huge aircraft selection Fantastic airport layouts Multiple regions And the biggest selection of airlinescolour schemes of any sim. Many other things in development that are going to make this app the best interactive flight sim on the market for a long time to come. My thanks and congratulations to the developers. Best money I ever spent
Love it Can u add the new livery 4 Thomas Cook on the 757200
Amazing Would be even better if you could save your joystickGamepad configuration instead of having to really program every time you run the game.
Beautiful graphics Love the graphics. Highly detailed aircraft and good liveries to go with them. Keep up the good work.
Incredibly realistic What an incredible and amazing flight simulator app and all for just 3.99 The creators deserve an incredible amount of credit and thanks for an amazing app P.s love the added Airbuses 
