Great game I've been playing for years, never gets dull. I do wonder where they get the word dictionary from. Some slang words are in holla, zit, curse words work c, but some common English words don't work.  How about adding a feature to dispute a word or add to the dictionary Validate it immediately with a define thisistotallyaword Google query and look at the top requests  disputes report for the week as a human sanity check.
Great game I have played the game for more than 3 years.  A feature I would love to see is the ability to save chats between games with your friends it can get confusing having chats in different games.
WORDFEUD I Love it  Me lo encanta Lo juego en espaol. Siempre hay 4 juegos entre yo y una amiga  2 en ingls y 2 en espaol 
Been playing since the beginning Game is great. Lots of solidnplayers. Every new phone I get I install the game.
Great game I usually have 34 games going in a couple of different languages,  great way to exercise the grey matter 
Favorite game I have had this app for years and made some great friends
Great game Only problem is people who take forever to play....
Play all the time I've been playing this with friends since I got a smart phone.
I love this game. I have been playing words with friends in Facebook until I discovered world feud,I stopped playing word with friends immediately due to the fact that I can use sowpods international Collins dictionary. Thank you.
I love word feud This game is great
Fun game with serious players Really solid, stable app with some seriously competitive players
Beautiful Beautiful app to play and to meet nice people all around the globe.
All About the Fued. No doubt.. Wordfued is the best 4 ur Android 
Great game Thanks for adding landscape support for tablets
Love it Very good version of an old classic.
Wordfeud Love it. Never get tired of this game
Great app.  Not buggy.
Best scrabble game ever The only word game I play . I love it.
Love it
Awesome Love the tournaments
Best word game I've played this game for a very long time with friends and family. Probably one of the few games on my phone that has not got boring and lost interest in.  Love it
A healthy addiction, finally. With the texting ability talk t to your mom and the ability to play different board setups and languages, WordFeud is awesome. Only caveat is the seeming randomness of why some words are allowed AA, but not others, ZEN.
DeStress I have played it for years now with the same group, I enjoy the game its relaxing. In the evenings or on my break at work, which my job is very mental.
Love it Been playing wordfeud for years and it still my favourite word game. Can't find any better then wordfeud.   Keep it up
Warning Addictive Game I've been playing Wordfeud consistently for a few years. I've learned a lot of new words  made several game buddies. This is an awesome game to play at your own pace with friends or random opponents. I highly recommend it
I love, love, love this game I love playing the random boards. Stops cheaters from kicking your tush  App NEVER crashes and there are no bugs. Outstanding programming
I love this game however I do wish anyone could resign at any point. when your allowed up to 30 games of play and 25 haven't made a word its very aggravating.
Gail Addictive, love it Rejects some good words and then accepts some really strange ones.
Addictive  word game Brilliant game nice community spirit .I found it to be the best word game well done to the developer Thanks
