Great Price... Not too easy but not so hard that it isn't enjoyable either, just right. I have always loved crossword puzzles and having so many for just a few bucks, can't beat it.
Better than most Mildly challenging, no glitches, nice features. Settings allow user to customize automatically advance to next blank space, word, etc. Some answers are more common in British English than US English.
Love this No more books to keep up with along with that pencil sharpener or pen, really enjoy this.  Played a couple of games then bought it straight away. Great for engaging your brain.
Good crossword app User friendly interface, degree of difficulty good  not too easy but not too hard
Great programme Good value well thought out programme. Hours of fun. English clues and spelling. Well done
APLUS FUN Challenges the brain, but not overly so. An option to reveal letters, words, or even the entire puzzle relieves stress  Tried the trial version for awhile, liked it enough to buy full game. Reasonable cost and none of those annoying ads.  5 stars
Solvable puzzles But not too easy. Good usable interface.
Very cool... A great variety of offerings...some easy to some difficult.  A great investment
Crossword Lite I really enjoy crossword puzzles and this one is the best I've found. Well worth the nominal charge. GREAT FUN
Crosswords that I can actually do If you like cryptic crosswords this app isn't for you. For the rest of us, it's great
Super game This is the one European based so keep that in mind with clues and some spelling if using English. Very happy with clues, complexity and performance on devices.
Just hard enough to keep me coming back for more. Really enjoyable crossword puzzler The price is excellent for the amount of puzzles given. I recommend highly for crossword lovers looking for a fun time killer.
Great puzzle app Not too hard but still requires thought. Loads of crosswords to get through. This app works
Crossword What a great way to pass time and challenge your brain at the same time. I wish there were harder levels.
Nice App. A good value for money app. Enjoyable and challenging but not too difficult. No regrets about buying it.
Fun and relaxing Nice game even though its' references are often  British based. A good game to enjoy during waiting or commuting.
Samsung galaxy note 8.0 These are great  Not too easy, but not too hard.  The creators are British, so keep alternate spellings in mind.  Some of the slang is news to this Yank, but the help is fantastic  Great job
Just right Not too difficult that you have to cheat,  tough enough for a work out, great value for money.
Great time filler Pitched at amateur to fairly good crossworders... Just right for when I'm flopped on couch after work 
Puzzle lover Great game for people who like to solve puzzles. The puzzles are always different, some easy some difficult. I always learn things.
Great past time when you need filler.   Some words are bit   obscure and even quite incorrect.   But overall enjoyable.
Very addictive As others have stated. Hard enough to tax your brain but not too tough that it completely frustrates you.
Simple time killer. Lots of fun.   A perfect crossword game that is not too hard, nor too easy.  A perfect fill in to kill a few minutes.
Good for Oldies I upgraded to the paid version after a few days. I have several crossword apps installed, but this is the one I like best. The features make using it a pleasure, and the clues are not too hard or too easy for my poor old brain. Will be sad when I've played them all, but I can always start over, as I'm sure by then I'll have forgotten all the answers
Fun and challenging This app is worth purchasing. I tried the Lite version completely before forking the money. It is difficult without being discouraging.
Idle time Great game to play and keep mind working. First levels are fairly easy but fun... will see about the higher ones.
