I like this app The widget was hard to find on my S4 for some reason, but I found it.  I do like this app.  I will be traveling soon and I'll put it through it's paces and give a full review soon.  I don't want to review it based on the initial experience at this point.
Great support App is great. Recently upgraded, not because I actually needed much else, but mainly because of the superior support I received from the developer. Gotta say though, I do like being able to save more than 2 locations 
Best weather app  great developer support I use this app constantly since I recently moved to New England and the weather is  umm  highly changeable. I had one problem due to my own error and the developer responded quickly with a fix. Five stars.
Great app I love this app. If I were being cheeky, I'd love an option for a rain radar map in the pro version. Still, this is great
Awesome I like the dark theme and the perception notifications, wish that the temperature icon in the notification bar is smaller, especially for a one digit degree temperatures I use Celsius
I like the app there best weather app on android using forecast.io. Very responsive developer, thanks 
Widgets make it worth it This is a great app  Buy it  Widgets that let you know exactly when its going to start raining on your home screen
Fantastic app Great app, the forecast is always accurate and the information given is exactly what you would want from a weather app. The only thing I don't like about it is that the UI is pretty drab and could use some color
Nice update.... It gives more of a progress of  the weather from now through and up to the next 7 days
Top one of weather apps How can this app be 100 accurate
So Worth it While the added features are enough to reason to purchase the pro key, supporting a hardworking developer who cares about what they put together is that much more reason. Live the app, love the pro features, and I'm sure you will too
It's great I love how this app functions with the notifications however if there was a radar that would be so much better. If there is one and I don't know about it please tell me
Fantastic Very accurate and doesnt need you to always have location on. Once you've programed a location it will update.
Awesome Liked the app so much I got the pro version. Strange that when adding the widget it says Last update time  will disable touch to refresh for pro users, but you actually need to check that box to ENABLE refreshing via widget.
Nice to have forecast.io detail on android
Great app for rain in your area
Best weather now by far What a great app when your trying to decide on finishing the round or ride.
