Nice Now thats what im talking bout You blocked the things my grandchild shouldnt have access to. Thank you.              Wish more games would do this.
Top quality kids game Graphics are cute, music is great, difficulty of tasks is well balanced. Game is also languageindependent.
The BEST Apps for Kids I've bought my niece all the Pepi Play games, and they are well worth the money. Beautifully designed, the most adorable soundtracks especially Pepi Tree, and very enjoyable for kids. Extremely professional. Thank you so much Hope to see more from you soon, so I can keep buying
My 5year old loves this game. Any way to add to it Is there a field nearby, a river, etc Would like to have more...
I've bought all the Pepi Play games, and they are well worth the money
Niece's fav game This is how i calm my niece  down
My little ones love this game.
Great game super funny music More please Pepi
Kids love it Amazing sound, pictures, animation. Rare example i would pay double for tge app.
Love this apps My daughter love the apps.
Joyful, cute,
Fantastic
My three year old loves it
Two Thumbs Up Stated that this game is recommended for 3 yr old above ,and my 25month old daughter love this game. With great artwork, my daughter easily understand the concept of this game. The music is so catchy. It keeps my lil busy MORE MORE GAMES PEPI 
Love this app Awesome I have 3 kids, ages 2, 4,  6 and they all love this game. We actually were told about the app from my sons speech therapist because there are so many different things to talk about and have simple back and forth conversations about. I love this app and hope that you guys develop more like this one.
The best toddler app ever There is no winning or losing. Just basic interactive fun that keep my 2 12 year old entertained without getting bored. Cute characters and tasks. Great toddler app
Brilliant educationl app This is easily approachable and educational game for our little ones. And the soundtrack is one of the best I ever heard
Fantastic game My 3 year old absolutely loves this game.
Great games Brilliant entertainment please bring out more games
excellent This is the one game my 4 year old nephew comes back to time and time again. Definitely a title that stands out above the crowd. The puzzles are unique and the music is unfortunately for me very catchy
Great app for kids. Excellent quality and  perfect music.. Thanks
Awesome My two years old daughter love it
Amazing this app deserves 6 stars my 2.5y old boy loves it.
Good My niece loves it I bought the full version.
One of the best apps. Certainly most beautiful one Wish there was more
Awesome game.
My 1.5 yrs old baby love this app So it decided to get the full version I got the full version of pepi bath too
great game I love this game so much my little sister always wants to play it
