Great App I love the game of Yahtzee and am so glad there's an app for that   Now if you could just fix the interruption of it 'freezing' up when you are playing a round when you get notifications that it's your turn to roll .. That would make it so much better
Love this game I'm addicted to this game. Just wished it moved a little faster and by that I mean in levels. Overall, it's fun
Great game, had one of the original sets years ago and this is much better than having to rub out scores and photocopying the used ones cos the new pads were so expensive  Fantastic,  Yahtzee forever
have absolutely loved playing yahtzee have absolutely loved playing yahtzee for as long as I can remember and was thrilled to see they'd finally created an app...however, lol, there are some issues, as with any electronic game. Hoping with this latest update issues will be solved.
Wow just keep up  the Good work The only problem with this game is when people need to take their turn after 3 days forfeit the game.
Over 7months of play  still the best Great fun  Challenging achievements and serious competition  Have play buddies that have become friends.  Don't know what game nay sayer's  are playing, unless just not into competitive play nor friendly banter  Another positive fact, when help needed or problems do arise staff deals with situations promptly even if just to let you know it's being worked on. Overall true fan
Game Yahtzee  is the best game ever. I l use to love playing the board game with my mom when I was a child. Now I have taught my child how to play. The down fall of the online game is the constant videos and also the game freezes up. Other than that I still give it 5stars. Just pay 4.99 if you really like the game. Down load a different yahtzee for your little one so they can't chat or purchase anything and your golden
Fun to play Play against your friends or make a new friend You can win special dice and xp by completing different things like getting so many Yahtzees in a day or getting a certain scores. You can also win or buy scratchers were you can win up to 200 bonus rolls. Try it I think you'll like it
