Great app but... A nice app with clear pictures. A few minor criticisms. Children learn to read in lower case not upper case. It would be nice to have British English too some of the fruits are different. It would be a good idea to be able to delay or turn the sound off so that the kid could say it before hearing it. It's worth getting though.
I loved this app Bcoz my sis is alwyz interested in this app nd learned so many things
Superior
Asus nexus 7
Good Good
Great app One of my 2 year old grandson's favorites. We can also play along at the produce market or when I bring food home from the store. He loves to find matching items on the table or in the refrigerator. The tests are a real plus. When we interact with them he teases me with wrong answers then rewards himself with laughter when he's a winner. I know he's teasing because when he's playing alone he gets every answer right
Excellent app My 19 months old daughter knows the names of all the fruits and vegetables. Good pictures and the voice is also clear and easy to understand. It would be appreciated if you can move the settings into an area non accessible for the child. She keeps on changing the language.
Exlnt My 2 years daughter sarika loved this app very much, by using this app she learned total fruits and vegetable words. Photos are exlnt than real fruits  vegetables
I am a father of a three year old son This app is very good for kids. I observed quite improvements in my son. This app is meant for tablets, however, it works well with my phablet with 2 GB RAM
Loved it It has made teaching very easy n my baby loves to learn from this app.give us more of this kind of apps
Best app ever for kids Please please add the Romanian language to your learning apps ....please  
Good app My 2year Daughter learn all these fruits and vegetables
Very easy to learn All pictures r original and clear voice.
It good The pronunciation of the word is excellent so it is going to be a great help for my daughter thank you
Scientist Brave Heart. I am Scientist. I am Brave Heart. I am Soldier To Kill The Microorganisms.
Too good....kids like d photos n voice Must have it for kids....
Good one My daughter like it n learn them very well
Great app for kids Easy for kids to recognise things, fruits, animals etc Even my son likes to play it frequently
Great app Very help application for childern and parents.
Nice for kids. Include more fruits, vegetables information
Very intersting My baby like it and learn so  much
Nice Application It creates interest in children and they grasp it easily,
Excellent I found my girl speaks out the fruits will shopping. Perfect accent
Great My daughter plays this very often. V good app to teach the basics.
Very good.  Really educational. Please can you add more things.  More vegetables, fruits, etc
