Finally I've already given up looking for this on the android market... Now it's there It works perfect and is super cute I wanna see more Disney games for little ones here, please
The kids love it I'm downloading this Doc Mcstuffins game to my phone now so they'll quit fighting over my tablet. I was optimistic because of the bad reviews but it works great and has kept the kids entertained.
Forget the bad comments This game has been great for my daughter, she is three and loves this game. Works perfect on all the devices, tablets and smart phones. Worth double the price. Would recommend it to any parent whose child like this show.
VERY GOOD game keeps my little one entertained for hours. Worth the piece. Can't see what people are complaining about..well done to the game makers..
Works superbly This installs and works perfectly on the Nexus 7. My 3yr old LOVES this game and plays it daily It's very interactive and he easily relates to what's going on especially with the show. It's about time it's for Android It should have been made for Android first, since Android is officially more populated that ios. Honestly all the apps should be made for both simultaneously.
Worth the small change. Don't understand the bad reviews. You can get a refund within 2 hours of purchasing the game.  One of the better games out there for the little ones. Plenty of things to keep them entertained for a little while.
Great game worth the money My 3yr old daughter loves this game. She playes it all the time. I love this game as well. Its def. worth getting.
Love it Love the game. Daughter loves it even more.  Just wish there were more activities but other than that its great.
Great game So happy to see games that dont bug you to buy stuff every five minutes, just like the games disney has for ipad I cant wait and hope they transfer more to android
lt3 lt3 lt3 lt3 My 4 year old daughter love's this app She can play w it for hour's. I love that it talks to her.
This game is awesome me and my 4 year old love it so worth the money  Sooooooooo cute . Very satisfied.
Great buy My child loves this game, it's fun and educational at the same time. Great buy
So smart So fast this app works well and my kids really like it.
Super cute This game is so fun for the kids Love it  can't wait to show it to my niece
Crystal Ricewick My daughter s this game and it works GREAT on my galaxy s5 Thank you for finally coming our with such a cute n educational game for her to play
Doc mcstuffins Awesome game, can't keep my little girl off it
Great My daughter loves this game, works perfectly and its soooo cute
