Great Most people have no clue what they are really talking about. The dpad is a little big but hey guess what... lift your finger and it's gone. All I gotta say is more to the options. Sound settings to change bgm and sound effects volume. And the dpad size to keep the others happy. And maybe have it stay open in the background when pressing the home button.
Fantastic classic finally fixed Finally fixed and fantastic except for the new dpad which I hate It's huge, obnoxious, and in the way The old dpad was fine but it is now lollipop compatible I hope This means Square Enix plans to soon fix their other games that were not updated for lollipop Its been a long wait and an infuriating one considering they charge some of the highest prices in the play store High prices should mean better care and maintenance
The game is fine Well the control system ia ugly but there is a reason for it. Later on the game you ll see that is more useful to be like that. Tip about the map you have to hold your finger on the right bottom corner.
Dpad works fine once your used to it I didn't play the old pad but was able to play this fine. Granted took a few minutes to get used to the controls but seriously its easy. Imagine it like a joystick without the stick.  Otherwise great game that clocked up a good 18 hours of play with.
Awesome game. Works on my Tmobile Galaxy s6 64GB flawlessly. Love this franchise. Final fantasy 7 should be next. Just saying 
Still awesome This game is still awesome. Takes a little getting used to but its worth it
Awesome game. Some things to think about though Game is great. Love it like I did the original nes one. But yes like everyone else is complaining abiut. Dpad too big but can still play with it. A nothing this to ma uh be add to make game a little more user friendly. All the random battles that you get and easy to kill mobs, maybe add a autoattack button so to break up all the clicking needed to have them attack. Would ale it better in my opinion.
Love this game. I am a huge fan of FF series and I love that I can play older games on my smartphone. I am about ten hours in the game and have experienced no bugs, glitches or crashes on my M8. The game is running smooth and it pulls me into that FF game series mood that I always have when I play them. The resume option is awesome. Thank you for making the game I actually want to play on my phone
