It's a asome game. But it needs more armor types and a edveriady of weapons that don't look alike. I think this would be better if you can get leg armor and you need to expand the world more.
A dream come true I love it the story is like oblivion and lord of the rings had one magnificent baby and its a 3d open world. Its. my second favorite game on android next to minecraft pe. PS can't wait for the sequel D  PPS devs PLZ make some DLC for this bad boy will you BTW... SOLD
Wow With the moga pro this plays as close to a console game as I've  For those having trouble getting the moga pro to hook up, press the power A button once the game is loading and again at the start screen
The most extreme android RPG to date. I think. Must play it now, if you like sky rim and oblivion
More swords Im sorry but all your swords look the same yall need diffent kind of swords from small to giant. Axes more bows. And add more quests lots more. Probley make a expansion map pack for a bigger world and larger bosses more demons and add dragons and one more thing make it turn to dark winter sunny rainy and snowy. Plz cause i bought this and now i regret buying it if yall can do that it would be a A1 game 
Best FP RPG This is the best first person RPG I have found so far for a phone. Will have to check if these guys have other titles. Not Skyrim but immersive nonetheless.
Great game, minor problems Game is very fun and has great graphics, also have on iPod. Only issue is that the moga gamepad doesn't always want to work with game
Great game, Must buy If you like skyrim, you'll enjoy this. It's about the closest thing to skyrim on a mobile device. I've had a lot of fun while playing it
Excellent Runs prefect on the galaxy s3, great graphics, fun gameplay, looking around is a little floaty but once you get used to it, it is awesome. Feels like a pocket sized version of elder scrolls. Just one little glitch, when I'm in first person mode my sword looks like I have a dagger equipped.
Stupid good I love it. It's a little demanding on graphics but so much fun. Make an expansion or another game and I will buy it.
