Perfect I love this app. I have never played better.
Exactly what I was looking for.. Really nails the basic strategy training down and allows me to do it into the point of becoming muscle memory.
I totally agree, with the other reviewers, it is one of the best Basic Strategy trainers I have looked at so far.   Get the full version, and you will quickly learn the Basic Strategy.   Then get  Blackjack Trainer by Marioga ScienceLab  to play the game.  I feel sure, like me, you will be pleased with both of them..
Blackjack Trainer Solid and useful blackjack training app.
Great options I love that you can adjust the table settings to almost anything. Hit or stand on soft 17, no surrender, etc.
Nice simple trainer. Does what I wanted.
Tip Top No regrets. All the features you could want or need. 100 satisfied.
Great Worth the price for the upgrade from the free program. The statistics section alone is worth it. So is the ability to customize. Glad I  upgraded.
Great training aid
LOVE THIS APP Practice makes perfect. Great app for honing your blackjack skills
Great teaching tool Good tool to help you memorize the rules. Especialty like the where you can practice only pairs or aces
Perfect Simple, useful, tons of options. Well worth it
Easy to use and helpful Shows your weaknesses in the game, simple and valuable.
A patient trainer This app teaches basic strategy and does not care how slow you are as a student.
Great Training Aid
Best training application
Love it Great self drilling tool.
Great app Must have to learn the game well
Great for brushing up On the way to the casino
Cool
Very polished blackjack trainer This is easily the cleanest and most user friendly basic strategy trainer that I've come across. The pro version is worth the money without question. My only wish is that they would add basic count training functionality for the more advanced users.
Best trainer or there Downloaded about 12 apps to get a good trainer. Played this one and immediately deleted all the others.
Best trainer out there Agreed. An update would be Good to practice what you get wrong. Otherwise this teach you what you need to know before hitting a table.
Great way to practise Easy to use nice features. Enough customization for a beginner. Doesn't cover card counting focus is on perfecting basic strategy play.
The best Get this blackjack app and you won't need another
Best Prep Preparing for first seat at blackjack table.   This app giving me tools to feel confident.
Excellent Lots of fun....
Does what it says but more importantly gives you the confidence to make the right move when it counts. One of the hardest things for inexperienced players is the dreaded 15 or 16 count, and many lack faith to hit in that situation. This will help you overcome that with practice so you make the right play.
