ALL MAXED OUT ADD MORE QUESTS Needs more features  quests  upgrades  ETC. Like the game but I have everything maxed out on upgrades, level 149, and 900 plus coins. Sooooooooo....... How bout an update      ADD MORE QUESTS PLEASE THANKS
Jurissic carnival Brill game wish there was more nrw levels tho ive nearly finished yet again another coin game...anyone got a good coin game plz let me know thanks...
Game Jurassic. Please explain how to update to latest version i have played all levels and wish to continue...I have a LG 90 Optimus....Thank you
More levels please Love the game but all MAXED out. lots of goals still left but will get board if there is not an update soooooooooooooooon 
Great way to spend time I play this on breaks at work. Def makes the day go by faster
Great Game ... BUT I lovelike this game a lot and I've been playing it for ages and have been MAXED OUT for a while and now I'm starting to get bored doing the same ol' o'l thing. Can you please update the game and give us more quests etc. or it's just going to be added to my DELETED pile of other games I got bored with. Thanx.
Game I'm so addicted to these games I have all of them down loaded it's great I 1000 satisfied
Awesome Great little game that is perfect for down time
Good time killer Good for numbing the mind
Love this game Great for wasting time
Awesome game Im addicted to all of the coin partys and currently have them all on my Lg G2.  No problems or bugs.
It's alright Better than other coin dozers
Love it, except too many prizes and big coins go off the side, i always get the coins but quests need prizes and big coins too
Really This game is so fun, HOW COULD YOU NOT LIKE THIS GAME My five year old brother  download this game on his iPad and I tried this game, it was so fun I downloaded this game on my tablet. Me and little brother love this game. 
Fun game Helps pass time. I like the prizes.
Love it Great game love it works well and love the dinosaur prizes and I love how you can swap the prize before it drops if you already have one
Jurassic carnival A fun way to pass the time.
Great game just like the others can you make more thanks
Very good Awesome game,great for casual play
Great game Really enjoy it. The power ups are awesome.
Sweet I totally loooooove it and learning about the dinos is great to
Great game Great game, finished, need new levels please 
