A W E S O M E       I LOVE THAT IT LOOKS SEEMINGLY SIMPLISTIC   THIS BRAIN GAME WILL DEFINITELY KEEP YOU ON YOUR TOES        YOU WILL BE CHALLENGED         BTW, THEIR COMMUNICATION WAS SWIFT, VERY HELPFUL AND PROFESSIONAL    10's                   IZZY  
I love this game Although there's a bug it happens when the ad comes up every three levels or so which wouldn't be a problem, it crashed the app and saved my level. If you fix it I'll totally keep playing and recommend
One of the few great games I rated 5  I usually don't give a 5 star rating to any app or game but this game is fun, relaxing and just simply fun to play. This is one of the few games I think deserves to get a 5 star. And above all the adverts don't seem that irritating.
Amazing One Of The Best Puzzle Games That I Played This Is Challenges My Head And Makes Me Smarter
Awesome Really didn't think I would like this game but the more I played it, the more I found myself saying to myself, 'OK, just one more game then I'll go to bed..... It's now almost 730 am Yikes
Banging brain game. Its fit If you like 'flow free', youll like this too. Excellent, i want more intricate levels though, a 10x10 maybe with 5 colours With out paying would be grand.. other than that, good for the brain people. Keeps out the stupid. Download this NOW Okay, adverts can be slightly annoying if you have nothing better to complain about. Fyi, every level is possible. Get it now, its good.
Addicted.  Totally. It's simple enough to pick up and put down whenever, but challenging enough to keep you hooked  and the levels are designed with just the right growth in difficulty.  I don't play games on my phone often, but this is a keeper.
Great  cognitive  skills game I had a head Injury this spring and the one  of the things things the surgeon's said to get better after surgery  was play these cognitive  games. Thanks for helping  me  heal
This is a brain busting awesome game. Loved the simplicity of the game, but yet still challenging and time consuming which is a good thing. Never bored always competing with my girlfriend on who could pass the really difficult ones the fastest. Sure will recommend to others.
Awful After I figured out to get the game started, like the game I would recommend  to Friends  Family.  Free appoftheday  I had to enter the promo code, entered the code 10x and it FINALLY OPENED. Then I had to buy apps......then I had to buy hints to make it work. . RIP OFF
Very addictive puzzle game I can't stop playing this. Playing on the train almost made me miss my stop.
Fun and deceptively challenging Brilliant sound design.  The ads were a bit bothersome, so I recommend buying the level pack to get rid of them.
Very engaging and well designed.  Regarding the ads yes, they're annoying, but easily removed with a 3 purchase of all levels.
