Enjoyable The game has good scenarios and gameplay is also nyc.its such a game that won't bore you rather will always stimulate you to make new high score.but limited scenes like the forest,the city,and the bridge only is one of the negative aspects of this game.
 Its a game that keeps you busy when you've got nothing else to do. Its really fun, only one complaint  it doesnt save ur scores or ur . But over all, really good 
It cool, cant get tired to play no stack its amazing app keep it up guys good job
Nice app Very enjoyable nd nice...mkes u smart nd attentive
Awesome After playing this game just  want to say one thing awesome,good graphics ,smooth controlls .It is a complete package of fun
Maza Agaya  Aise chhote mazedar game Hona chahiye Par Ek problem hbe 2 baar new game Karen ke baad 3rd time application band hi jati he bski sab think he
The BEST GAME IN THE WORLD IS SPEED MOTO I love this this game is amazing fantastic exiting I have done all the laps of this game and I got many new high scores this game is the best game ever I have played in my life I ask everyone to play this amazing game now I have no words about this fantastic game
Good One Fun ... Controls and challenges are fantastic. Light weight game but interesting ...
Marvellous I liked it very much.. please provide some special power so that we can blast the barrier coming in way.
GOOD GAME FUN Really fun game  love it 5 stars or even 1,000333 Love this game 5 stars 333  Cool game 
You will never get bored playing this game. U will always want to start again no matter hw many times crash
Speed moto Awesome thanks whatever I loved it it took my breath away this is the best games in the hole wide world I will not stop playing this game I gave this game 5 stars that's how much I loved it and first I was bad and now I am so good because I kept practicing and the truth but I just can't believe I got that far and I made it to the millions place wow in my high score
Very cool The game is enjoyable and keeps a person busy But try to add some features like repairing the motorcycle the moment it crashes and may continue from the point where it crashed.
Very nice This is wonderful race very easy to ride and enjoyable
speed moto Love the game. Gets my adrenaline going. Giving it 5 stars even though it freezes up on me at times. Please fix the glitch, it will make the game even better.
Romantic Its a very very superb game....worth to play....to loose ur headache n to avoid road accidents in ur real life u should play this must....wat a tricky to drive t bike in real traffic....I love this game...I always play this game whenever I get a free time....jakaaas.....
Excellent Awsome game this is a superb very nice controls and all I thik this is super, excellent
Htc wildfire S Best game Excellent graphics.its so easy to play...i'll recommend it to everyone.i'm addicted to this game.download it.whenever you feel bore or tedium you should play it..enjoy it and have fun.....cool game
Cool and awesome Superb game i get  bored when i played first time but it cool game and i love this game because i waiting to challenge difficulties.......
Not a single lag It's nice bt more features could make it...awesome...witout lags
Its easy to play A very good game is like this.No hardness.A 2 12 years old kid xqn also play this game.Its very cool for Android and IPHONE. With no space
Very good game excellent I like it Very nice game excellent great I like it going well
Good game but, I like this game ,the only pro is the sound when u grab coins is childish, the stability of the racing is not firm and smooth. More so, speed not good like other race games.  not too serious wen vehicles try to block uer way, they just skip not smooth. But i love the idea,lastly make the bike man more real and chimney . I tell u will enjoy 5 star rating  downloads if do so
Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best Best
