Rough start, getting better Tha app runs well on recent Samdung phones and tabs. Greatly improved since initial rollout. I use it for daily games, live, tactics, videos mostly. My wishlist is being able to play or watch a live game and also do comments. Right now comments takes you away from the game.
Just Great. Been playing here for years now, about 5, and always perfect. Probably have had 89 phones minimum and, no matter the phone, who made the  phone, OR what carrier all the main ones and ever simple, fam mobile, and boost sprinkled in there it always worked and worked well. And that translates into me smashing folks all over the world. No matter the situation. Thanks you guys. Well done.
1 Chess All the features you need, customisable, quick and simple to use. Now leave me alone, I'm playing Chess.
Still great but too many cheaters. This was at one point the best chess app out there because of the quality of the opponents you'll find. Now it's a bunch of punk kids with engines and scripts running that will even make the move for them when playing those silly,  pointless, 1 minute games. It's still great when you pay for the diamond package. Awesome features and tools. Still gets five stars. Report the cheaters and they will be banned.
Best chess app I love this app, and I rarely say things like that. I've learned so much during the 3 days I've used it. Great themes, app closes when all moves have been made, and more. I'm already a Gold member for now.
Fantastic How could anybody give this wonderful app less than 5 stars   I love the engine, wish we didn't have the upgrade function because I've missed exciting lines that would have been great to decipher. All in all great product, sleek, quick and good fun. Thank you
The first that offers free tactics 5day I really love this feature Never thought I'd come across it on the phone. X3 Thanks a lot dev
Bill Meyer When I first started playing chess about 5years ago,I w as really bad. But when I got the hang of it and looking famous openings the more study I them the better I got and now getting a lot better
Great app I absolutely love all the functions of this app. Love how I feel I'm getting a real understanding of the game. Also, I think they are doing a great job improving the overall functionality. Started using this about half a year ago and almost all the glitches I came across then are gone. Good job guys, keep it up
Much improved The android version used to be buggy and unstable. Seems like they have fixed all or at least most of the bugs. Love it.
Amazing Don't have much time to sit down and play chess on a board this helps me stay sharper and teaches me as well. Great app.
Great to play and learn Much better than books, sad you can't access the videos with the basic account
Brilliant I enjoy playing chess all the time and this app allows  me to maintain my  chess addiction 
