Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Love it I love this game. I'm very addicted to it. It is a really good game and you should be proud game circus. I love all your games. 5 stars. I love game circus.
Coin dover More like coin Raider First off... Let me say I 'Love' this 'game' 'here'.                                               .                I burn thru my coins sooner then I relies it..Evan on my better days when I'm collection alot.. I'm empty left wanting more. Exciting game. A little voice in side of me when I collect a prize when I see it fall I scream inside Play this game, addicting.
WAY TOO FUN This is te best game to kill those unwanted minutes. You know, the minutes while you wait for that cup of coffee, while you wait on the phone, or basically anything. And to make it even better IT'S FREE
Addicting I got addicted even though its a simple game. I play it right after I finish my other games every day
Awesomefun I think this is really cool and fun so I give it a 5 star I love it it makes me so happy
A lot better now.. Remember when coin dozer came out way back when android first came out... It was pretty lame then and I got rid of the app almost immediately... But for some reason I redownloaded it and now its pretty good...
initially i did not get my coins from downloading a game from the free section, tech support was very prompt to respond yes, they actually do respond and i received my coins overall game is fun and addicting
Love it Love it. So entertaining and the problem with not getting your coins after doing a free coins download or watching the free coins video has been instantly rectified when doing the very tiny complaint survey under missing coins. They give you your coins within seconds. Love it
Seductively addicting This game is at first kind of boring but it the addiction kind of sneaks up on you. Although I don't seem to get any rewards when completing tasks for free coins. I'm not to bothered by it
Addictive and boring at timed Really fun but takes ages to conquer I got this two years ago and still haven't got past level 21
