The best piano app ever The quality of the resonance is unbelievably clear and crisp.  This app has the highest quality that you will enjoy playing over and over again. ENJOY.   .  .
This is a v v v good and beautyful and inspiring app..I love so much..
Excellent Substitute for Piano It's a great tool to help me warm up before singing. An added bonus I is being able to record scales and playback to sing along to. Love it
Loved it  Awesomeness so much awesomeness  it is like a great big chocolate bar but way better.  So stop  hating  haters.
BEST EVER Five nights at freddy's 3 how to get the fire. The only thing that I have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to have the same time, and I will be a good idea. It has to do it, I think the last two days of your life and I will not be able to get the fire demon in the future of the most part of the best way to get the fire demon in castle crashers
Good Using on both my tab and mobile....better in tab...cool if we could add some rhythm to...
I hope I give more than five stars...... Love it..
Real piano DOPE  
Love 

Love 
I loveit
love it.... I love it but it could be easier if u put the letters on but then again wouldn't need them so... but I love your keyboard app 
Excellent resource Needed to know a key to a song quickly whilst in a hotel.There was no piano available. This app is a life saver, easy to use and accurate.
Excellent app A good selecrion of tones and instruments. Sound  Quality is very good. On 'Hold' mode some instruments produce a noise. Over all very good .
Goood 
Does exactly what I need it to do I am a singer and I use this app to plunk out notes for myself when I'm not near a piano. I don't need it to sound great. It does just what it's supposed to
2good,,,,,,, like this application 
Poop I like poop. Especially in my my farting mouth it tastes like rainbows. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Love it I love this app. And i love music so i can make my own wherever i am100B
Love it
