Awesome Well...Im only 12 yrs old...my dream is 2 either b a actress or a fashion designer 
Best Game Ever Loved it you can make dresses and shirts,pants etc not that many things to make but it lets you be creative with it just depends on what you like .
This needs 5 stats My sister got me into playing this game and I'm still playing itstars good job bubadu
Wow.. This game is a gorgeous game. I am 11 but I loveeeee itttttttttttt 
Some people have lost their .minds this game is very awsome I'm 16 and this game is still amazing
Very good well done I liked it an I'm nearly 20
Great game I enjoy it the most out of all my games and I'm a teenager
Great Good good good good
puppy lover Who loves the game and also with you have made of this
Beautiful and I like it was interesting for small kids and I have a lot of this game Like the new one lovely day and lovely game
Great game It teaches children a bit about sewing.
Tailor kids Beautiful and I like it was interesting for small kids and I have lot of this game
Realy good to play with the best ideas and let's u be creative
Awesome game I loved it very it also teaches children little bit of sewing
Himanshee Very interesting game . I liked it . It is a nice game for kids.THANKYOU
It is such a nice game I love being a fashion designer and I am just 9 years old and I love this game so this game really needs 5 stars
Taylor kids Loved playing it but hard work
Lovely game for the first time in the UK and Ireland and the family of the day with lots of love and gifts to u   
Cool I. Love. It. So. Much it  amazing
funnest game you can never have Oh yeah baby
Nice Its like you are a real tailor
Loved it but... I think this game is amazing but you could choose the clothes,nail type and shoes but other than that it is brilliant. Also you could pick all the clothes the person is wearing,you could also name your person your making clothes for. But it is real good . I now I've judged this game but it is only ides any it is brilliant
Cool This game is awesome and I love it.
Tailor kids I love this game V.V.much
Im 12 too Omg im 12 too i just turned 12 on november 14
Media Theis gam is soso fan
