T   for this app well done guys.  This is the ONLY free app that has been FREE Has many little games which my 3 yr old daughter and I love. Some are a little hard for her but I don't mind helping  100 LOVE LOVE LOVE. Can't wait to see wait the full version is like. Keep up the good work.
I love this app My little sister keeps uninstalling this game but i just install it again but i  this game       
I love it Great games great company I also recommend installing cake maker kids from this company
Love it So good and anytime i make a pizza i start yo lick my lips
Pizza maker kids Cooking  game Thanks for your help and support in my life and work with you to be the best way god bless you
Tasty feel Very when i see this pizza i think i am eating
I played for a year Thanks for making this happen
AMAZING Best game ever nothing is locked you can make enymore pizza amazing try it you will love it 
Pizza maker Love it so much
Tasty Veeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeery tasty
Loved it I loved  it because i love making piza
Nothing cost REAL money I love this game so so so much It is soooooo FUN I wish I could rate 10000000000  stars It's the best in the world no adds nothing that cost REAL money no do you want to rate this app It's the best in the galaxy to infinity and beyond I would rate 1000000000 stats I love it so much  O B
Pizza maker Mmm veeeeeery tasty i loved it thanks for this game
Creative I love the pizzas my lil girl makes for me
Top o the mornin to ya BEST EVER
Great app My kids love it.
I think that this this is awseome
SO SOFTY WOW,NICE GAME It very exciting. And cheesy...Anyway, you all will love this game
Cool This is a cool and awesome game.
Nicole's daddy The pizza cooking game is awesome, did it for my daughter who is now likely cooking a real pizza for her daddy...
Love it It is like it is real it is So fun I gave it five stars because it is So fun and real you can put all stuff it is So fun
Love it Love it cause its like your doing it for real and everythig id ........... FREE you can decorate your pizza however you want.you can make tgem funny bornal and all the other fun styles 
This game is AWESOME Few ads, but this game is cool that you could do fun things and stuff This is the best game EVER I just download this game just now.  Who EVER MADE THIS GAME THANK YOU I've been waiting for years to get this game 5 stars Love this GAME
This ap is awesome, with very few ads and very entertaining. Also it has very few locked items, and lots of options and toppings to put on your pizzas. My 6 year old loves this ap. Very well done
Brilliant This is great game my grandson plays it for hours  , thank you for making it
