Love it Best thing ever dont know about you guys and gals but I love the kentuky durby and this is almost as real as the race its self.Have not tried the newest version of the game but want to.I know my mom would probibly say no.HIGHLY recemended to all bye
Hi this is fun Holly you suck because tis game is cool if you don't seem to like horses games then don't say anything at all so sorry
Nice game i love it so much I m addictive of that game every time i just want to play it love u for maker.. god bless u ... ye sab jhoot hi .. dont downlhoad it . It just fake .and do the spoiled your time and money also
Love it but why most people are not saying I love it the best game ever but make more 3D games please can somebody tell me can we change the color of the horse and the rider
Not bad Im not into bookies and bets but this is pretty easy and cool fun. May even buy the full game. Well worth a download.  
nice this game is not for time killer.. ..but for gambling to other people which is a good app.. to other people who sayyyss borring to this game...  they are idiot  they not know what is this game for ..l..
Bet I play n bet with my officemate, and we still not get the trick to choice the right horse. They just choice the horse by the younger horse and win rate horse. Ya but sometimes it works. Me n all my friends download this app, they are looking for the trick until now we dont get it
Cool So , I don't understand u guys.it fits perfectly on my screen
Love it much This game is awesome we can even bet on real humans and pick horses xD awesome we enjoyed thanks ..
Horse racing Excellent game.. never thought i can bet big amount of money that ive never experience in reality..
 It's best game that I seen. I am very excited. It is very good game. I love horses. 
i liked it the horse is the best pet because wherever you go you can ride it diba kayu anung gusto nyu maging pet sa akin ay kabayo heeh OOOo
Amazing Amazing game graphics is good everything is good 
Need full version for android jellybean Great app but can't get the full version on my android bauhn 4.3
O.O I love this game . Every time my battery dies I go on my friend tablet and play it
Fun no. Amazing no.unbelivable yes This game is amazing cant belive i didnt download it earlier
3D horse racing Great game win more than u loose hours of fun but my phone won't let me have full version keep getting security risk sort it out as i want full version
Bashkar Excellent.superb.good.nice.un believable......
