Cool Add facebook laderbored tht would be nice
Real fun It is so fun to play.you can get really addicted to it though
Love it
It is so freaking awesome
Addictive This game is the new flappy bird It's so addicting and I honestly can't take my eyes off to screen
Aa I think this game is great i love it its great the only thing is, is that there are lots if adds
Nice and very interesting I loved it.The game is very interesting.It's very easy game and at the same time it is too hard to play the game.
Focu by Ariana Grande Everytime i play this, i listen to the song focus by ariana grande hahah. Nice game though. I almost crashed my lcd hahah
Its cool Its cool but iiii cant get past leveel 31 ittttsss sooo hard but awesome
aah I love this game. I'm on level 64  now it gives u 10 seconds so u have 2 hurry  it's very maddening trying 2 get the very last one in  I guess this level will take longer. Loving it
Challenging Its challenging and sooo addictive you just feel like you have to finish the level your on
So simple and yet it's completely absorbing. Level 99 had me for a while.
Simple yet awesome I'm addicted. Stuck on lvl 67 tho
Addicting Great game. Some levels take days to beat . stuck on level 173
Lovely game This  is super awesome and I also have aa 2 and it's awesome. I am addicted to these games I can't believe that thou could make a game like this
Very good Thank you guys so much for creating such game.
Addictive Very Addictive Game. This game will help to concentrate and improve mind Timing.
So addictive It's really fun and addictve It's gets frustrating when you have the 14 arrows and you die with like 2 left  Love it
5 Loves the game more than my mama
So hard It's so hard but its the best game ever  heheheheheh
Amazing Its so amazing when your on level 14 but when you get up to level 72 it's really hard.
amazeball this game is the new subwaysufers you should downlod it because it entertains you for ages downlod it now
Cool Sometimes when I play aa I feel like I want to heat myself
