I cannot wait for a spin off game Maybe it can include other characters in various ways like Homework Gems, Steven being able to fight or even fuse with Connie for moral, and duel type gem fusions especially if we find out what Garnet and Pearl fuse into.
AMAZING GREAT REPLAY VALUE At Red stage in 3 days on and off Suggestions more fusions, sidequests, more chapters a new arc and more skills, items, possible more bosses and more stats. Fun, 1010, boredom 010million
Absolutely Amazing The game itself is incredibly fun. Any Steven universe fan will love this game with It's RPG element while still sticking true to the Show. A must have for any Steven Universe fan
Great game I can't stop playing it Wish there was more levels, though.
Top notch old school gaming The battle system is very much like old paper mario games and is very interactive. Note there is a gard level cap meaning that depending on what you chose to invest in stat wise will be permanent and this leads to different play styles for everyone. I have watched many people fight the last boss having to use items and everyone but with the right badges and stat growth pearl can solo the final boss using all 5 attacks. Had a blast I recommend this game.
I liked it but... I wish the other three fusions were there and when garnet and amythist fuse it'll be cool 35 chance to back fire and please put opal also in the game also opal and the other and Intead of 9 stars please make it 15 stars 8 stars for the fusions that require only 2 and more levels please just for some ideas
Beautiful Genuinely well made, enjoyed every minute. Good character progression options. The menu music is so relaxing, too
This game is amazing This is the best steven univers game i ever played i always was a steven univers fan amd i still am i watch all of his episodes and i even beat the game i hope ever one had asuch fun playing thus game as i did
Super Cute Super Fun Kinda easy finish the whole game kinda fast. But I enjoyed it I like that you didn't have to buy stuff with real money or add a Facebook friends to advance. I hope they create more levels because this RPG was AWESOME
Great game Well worth the bucks. Good system and story. There is a little bug where i took the white star, restart the battle,  took the 6 star and from that point onwards i have infinite starts.  Please take a look
SO SUPER AWESOME I love this game and how cartoony their designs are, well pearls is kind of strange looking at times but is still my favorite never mind pearl will always be my favorite 
Best RPG Ever As I Am A Massive Steven Fan Myself I Loved This Game The RPG Style Is Great And The Simple Yet Beautiful Graphics Fit In Perfectly. Would Recommend.
I wish there was a hard mode Love SU and this game was well worth the money. I only wish there was a way to make it tougher Because I never felt in danger due to all the items I had and the weak monsters  minus the bosses
Good for wasting time It has about 4 hours of main gameplay, and more after that if you want to 100 all levels. I'd only get it if you're interested in the show, though. If you are, it's cheap and has a lot of content, more than 3.00 worth, in my opinion.
Don't get me wrong.... I liked the game. I enjoyed playing as all the gems and the storyline was great but it was kinda short lived. Well new stuff be added soon
BEST SHOW BEST GAME This is one of the best games I've ever played on the aop store let alone a game about a series I could play on and on like Steven says in the trailer X3 Remarkable game and amazing show c
Well made game Game mechanics are fun, art is appealing. Would be awesome if there will be more game content as it is easy to get 100 on all stages.
Very good game Never watched steven universe, but decided to try the game after reading many reviews. Very good turn based rpg indeed and without in app purchase. Only downside is my battery going down so quickly. Using galaxy tab s 8.4.
A real gem Forgive the pun, but this game is indeed one of the rare apps that was totally worth my money. A must for fans of Steven Universe, a very good portable RPG for anyone else. No inapp purchase, just a lovingly crafted game. Just don't grind too much or the last area will be unchallenging. I hope there is a sequel
Wonderful Need more Absolutely LOVE Stephen Universe and I'm 18... But the show is wonderful, the game is wonderful, and I. WANT. MORE Please, can we get an expansion, sequel, something This game was too good but too short, I beat it 100 in about 2 days.
Totally Amazing Im so glad they fixed the Samsung Galexy S3 glitch. Amazing game, love to play it in my free time
So much fun Fans of Paper Mario will love this simple, but addicting RPG. Wish it had more of a story and the RPG elements were more advanced, but I can wait for the sequel for those. Haven't enjoyed a mobile game as much as i enjoyed Attack the Light.
Fantastic Rpg Loved every minute of this game The Rpg elements are solid especially for a 3 dollar game, there are achievements that pop up in game that don't seem to be trackable but doesn't harm the mechanics or game play whatsoever. I'm a big fan of the show and, I hope Rebecca Sugar does a throw back from the show and references this game in an epsiode
