Three year old loves it. Beyond that it's adorable, fosters care taking, and seems to have endless replay value.
Cute
Great . 4 year old grandson loves it .
My daughters love this They love helping the little critters, and feeding them afterward.  My youngest is tickled pink every time she helps the snake out of its shell.
Great game for young children My 3 year old loves it. It's essentially a bunch of mini games with easy goals and she gets to feed the animals which she has a lot of fun with We love Toca Boca games
Loved it This is adorable My 3 year old loves it.  She tends to get easily frustrated with some games,  but this is perfect.  I love that it teaches them how to care for different animals. More Toca Boca on Google Apps,  please
love it my 10 year old loves this no problems so far  keep making more apps  and one more thing  MORE ANIMALS 
Omg I love this app so does my mom we play it together all the time totally get this app worth the three bucks
Nice There is only dozen of mini games but my kid likes it. It is getting bored after few days but other games from Tocca have great replay value.
Great as always Toca boca apps in general are great and this one is well made too.  it is enjoyable, humorous but more importantly, easy to use for kids. doesn't require reading and no ads or inapp purchases annoyances.
Great for youngsters getting used to tablets My 3 year old daughter absolutely adores this. As soon as she's cured a pet she excitedly chants 'again again'. Perhaps not the most educational of apps, but it's easy for her to use by herself and seems to be developing her empathy for animals. I was happy to pay to avoid ads and in app purchases.
Super cute for my 3 year old Ty for having a good game with perfect gameplay for a 3 to probably 5 year old that I don't have to worry about what ad might pop up or what my little girl might click on.
Toca Pet Doctor Perfect game for ages 37 ish. My daughter just turned 5 and loves it All toca games are good quality, and worth paying for 65 stars  Thanks for making such a great game for kids.
I LOVE THIS APP I'm an older kid and I love this app probably because I love animals. Younger kids would love this app so I would recommend that you would get this app for them.
My nephews who are 4 and 6 love it  Works well too.
I really recommend this game I am a vet and children who want to be a vet when they grow up should play this It is very good practice
Favorite My 2 year loves this game and its easy enough for her to understand but challenges her enough in problem solving. She plays it anytime she gets a chance to you the tablet 
Amazing So simple fun and children love comming back to it again and again
I love it you take car of 15 different animals and each has a different problem
Lovely I love this game it's very interactive and I love the cute animals
I love it There is no problem with the app everyone who hates it is wrong
Love all your games keep,it up could yoi plaz make dome more free games im 11 and your still going
Excellent Another cracking game from Toca Boca. My 2.5 year old daughter loves it It feels like a lot of care goes into creating these games and I love all the little details. Bravo 
