Ace level not incrementing Love the game. I have finished it four times. The guy that lets you reset doesn't seem to recognise that though, last time I finished it he told me I was on Ace level 1. The lady in the garden does recognise it correctly though. Is this a bug or am I not understanding what that guy is doing
Love it. I definitely like this game. It has great, well thought out RPG elements. Good for short and long term playing time.
great game what on earth is a crate bomb I can't get past the run that requires it, I must have tried about 20 runs hoping I would stumble on it
Vast improvement I enjoyed 10000000 immensely, and this expands upon it in just about every way. A musthave if you enjoyed the predecessor, with additional replay value that the first lacked. There used to be an issue of graphical glitches with this game on higherend drvices, but updates were pushed swiftly, and they have been fixed
Perfect Game for Short Play Sessions Great game with cool pixel art and catchy soundtrack. Perfect for picking up and playing when needing to kill a minutes.
Great Mobile Game This game is a perfect follow up to 10,000,000. The game is perfectly addictive while still being great for playing in small bursts and longer play sessions. Great value on the cost.
love it addictive, fun, but needs more to it. I already beat it and found 1 secret but repeatedly playing gets boring. Needs distance challenges and special quest tasks from the monsters that fight for you. make em happier ya know, and give more crap to achieve.
Match Three A no nonsense tile matching game without special permissions or in app purchases. Fun quests, nice retro inspired visuals, and good sound effects.  Perfect pickup and play mechanics.  Item and skill leveling is included and feels satisfying to get through tough dungeons.  Highly recommended.
So much fun I love this game.. it's so nice finding a great gem of a game that finally does not get boring. You guys did a great job. I am happy I spent the money on this game. Keep up the good work  Awesome job Devs
Bugs bugs bugs no more Buttons don't work half the time. And I couldn't finish the game because of a bug. It's a great little game, if they manage to fix it. Edit All fixed now.
Great game Could you guys add stylus support for note 4 Not sure if that's a big deal but my fingers would appreciate it if it's possible
Fun game Defeated a few times, the level doesnt increase like it says.  Hopefully they will add more
Build it and they shall come It's simple and clean. The nice retro design with a matching sound track is a throw back to better days. Just enough variation to keep you going, not too long that it gets old ideal for a mobile time burner.
Great game,  although I think I enjoyed the simplicity of 10000000 a bit more.  However, I highly recommend both games. Perfect pick up and play type of game. Great time killer
YES A complete improvement over the original title in nearly every way possible. Hands down the best match3 rpg I have ever played, mobile or not.
If you liked 1000000000, you will LOVE YMBaB Great match 3 gameplay mixed with RPG elements.  No microtransaction nonsense, a great value.
