I really really love it I used to play it on my ipad but now since i gotten my own phone im gonna try to create a nee highscore
I really to nice  now  l am ready to play rail rush 2
Amazing Try beat my high score 8135
Lol love  This is the best game ever so I play it all the time so wast your time on this game ok ok
Addictive I can play this the whole day..but it's disappointing bcoz some of the world need to be buy
Best game I have ever played
It's so awesome that it makes me energetic 
Great It is a nice game every body should play it
Amazing game..I enjoy playing it...thank you..
Good. Amazing game after update.
Best game
 Awesome Game
Real thing
Switchingto2be Recycler
Still love game Only problem I have was my old phone sd card got corrupted and lost all nuggets. Reinstalled and have to start over.Glad some stuff paid for still their some not.
Love this game Lots of fun nice graphs.I recently had a problem great response fixed thanks guys
Best, awesome, cool, nice, good, outstanding, excellent, super duper, fun game...........
Mind blasting A true game that will give immense joy n make you maddddddddddd
Rail Rush totally addicting game.  Try it out and you will see for yourself that once you start you simply can not stop playing.   Great work on this game.  Keep up the good work
This game is amazing I love it very much it too Mich nice I  can play this hole day Aldo it is very much good game I love it verruyyyyyyyyy much Please download this game only just now
Magnets The super magnet is the best because it helps me focuse more on the game because it collects all the gold nuggets gems and rock eggs for me
Rail Rush The first time that I downloaded this app it was a bit laggy esp. when  playing sans internet connection but now everything  is A okay.
To many ads This game is fun and addictive but too many ads really every time come on people get real we want all game no ads fix the bugs it has bugs in it still.
Rail rush I love it so much but I don't like when you need tickets for  some  of it.  such  a  rip off. 
