Cool game I had the game on my tablet and I couldn't get past level 21 but it is good.
Hello guyes I am very love this. Yes this apps is smooth n enjoy. Once all must download an and ply more fun n enjoy.. Best of luck urs kk kauahik
Awesome and interesting game  Wonderful game I loved it so intersting game I have ever seen Want to complete this level love this game so much willing to play this game again and again.                           such an intertsing game I have ever seen I have reached level 25 it was excellent.                                                   
Awesome I really love it .itz a cool and joyful game. Good when bored
I have a lot of fun playing this game because I'm actually teaching my boyfriends 3 year old nephew how to match the fruits together and also he is learning how to match the same colors to one another
Wow wow This game is very nice all can play it and my  younger sister also Like it .and it is full of entertainment   D
Cool Wonderful . update more lovely game
Love it This game is so awesome I'm actually addicted to this game. Can't blame me because I'm just a kid.
loved it just like oyher crush games berry crush,car crush burst,motor among others.makes me relax
I have not pray thing give on my very phone, but is going to be interesting on it.
Soooooo good This is very good game .I enjoy it very much and hope U will also enjoy this game.
Don't look at the time, just start making BIG matches as fast as you can.  Did not like it at first but soon got used to it.  Now I really enjoy it. This one's a keeper.
Awesome Super game cool. Intresting game i love it
Really its good First its tough after updates is very good I have crossed 30 level and get interesting
Cool game Be careful it cheats, lol, I can't get passed level 33, uggg
Great Love it there's not a lot of pop ups,  and it's a great way to pass time.
Awesome game I like this game very very  much and I also spend my 12 hours with this game
Super It have lot of fun playing this game i love this very super
Loved it This is a very nice game, I think I'm addicted to it 
It's a great game. And Its fun. Fruit splash
Love it soooooooo muchhhh. So much of fun Stress buster game... I play it after a long hectic day.. I really hav fun with it..
love it I'm suggesting some tasks. Please upgrade it and put some tasks like Match at least 30 strawberry fruits or having the longest line match. Something like that and it would be great Anyway keep updating D
Max I luv de game bt im nw stucked in level 39
