Great game Challenges me to utilize words not always usedin daily conversations.  Really fun and good for my brain
Fun and good for my brain Only thing it's missing is a point counter for words you  want to try, so you can compare them easily.  I guess it's better for my brain for me to have to calculate each possible play, tho'.      Also it might be nice to see how many tiles the phone has in its rack.   Otherwise a terrific game.
Great Addicted Dig it A 2 letter word list or dictionary would be nice, without having to have an additional app. A tutor type figure that could teach you, another word you could have made, would help open the mind's eye to other options. With the option to turn it off, for the geniuses that aren't interested.
superduper game... ...now if you could tweak it so that the friend I invited could play with me....well,that would be just so awesome
Best app ever This free scrabble app has provided me with hours of gameplay, I play every day on my lunch breaks at work, you can just pick it up and play, the app works fantasticly, the ads up the top are unobtrusive, and if you're connected to the internet you can even see the definitions of words Multiple difficulties, keeps your stats, I LOVE THIS APP If you like Scrabble, what are you waiting for, download it
Fantastic game Several levels and no wait time between plays, makes this an enjoyable,  brain stimulating game.
Best game ever I love word games  especially Scramble  this is perfect to play solo. And it challenging and engaging and never ever once a problem.
Wayne Caddell Works great on my Samsung Galaxy Note 4. Lots of fun, I especially like the computer giving the definition of a word. Play it with your kids to help with spelling and vocabulary. Make it fun though.
Classic Words Solo Maybe english is a new language for you. What better way to increase your vocabulary. Learning new words, spelling n definitions. Its so fun to beat the droid. Enjoy
CLASSIC WORDS THIS GAME IS ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC YOU CONTROL THE SETTINGS, SO THE LEVEL OF DIFFICULTY IS PERFECT FOR ANY PLAYER.   DIRECTIONS ARE SUPER CLEAR. VERY ADDICTING AS YOU LEARN WHILE HAVING FUN.  LOVE IT  THANK YOU 
Great game Love playing at night after I get the kids to bed it helps me unwind.
Love it, love it, love it.  Did I mention I love it In an ideal world, this is the way all apps would be.  Captures the essence of the game perfectly.  Many thanks for your efforts.
It is real good I have been looking for a game as such. Indeed it is
Classic Words Good challenge Enjoy the game very much.
Classic Words Solo Lots of fun when no one is available on the friends version. Works smoothly and progresses quickly
Good game because we can play it solo. The advertisements r very irritating.Other wise a good game
Awesome The only game that keeps me glued to my phone
Love the format. However, how do I activate sound
Great boredom killer It never fails to make my time useful while on the road especially while stuck on traffic.
Classic Words Fun and great way to pass downtime.
AWESOME  been playing scrabble scince i was young . this app really entertains me . the AI on this one is pretty GOOD  GOODJOB 
Awesome Beats out Scrabble by a long shot Love it. Faster. Way less steps. No ads. Will play this any day.
Love it  Would like to see... definitions for players words, not just computers words, when played.     an option to save stats by photo. too tricky to screen shot with androids.  ThanQ for a brilliant offline free game 
Amazingly helpful. So many new words up in mah head. Thank u. ...
Mot Awesome , you go back what you left on
Fun challenging and problem free Positively
The game you expect  This plays just like the game you have come to know without waiting for an opponent to play their move.  It works well and is a great timewaster.
A Helps to improve my vocabulary. Love how the definition of the word shows after the word is played or when you select a word
