What the .... when i open it  it tells me the download has failed becuse the resource could not be found so i bought the game but cant install it wow great..............and it have been solved D
Awesomeness never dies For being an old school worms player since the very first release I must say that the new features added to the game make honour to team 17 Playing cards is just great, and overall it has been given the perfect amount of newness without losing the typical Worms flavour. Gameplay gained a great deal of variety.
I always loved this game since early pc releases After installing on my samsung note 2 it keep giving me an error message that cant contact license server
Fix it,but love The homing missile won't hit swash on the club pontoon fight
Amazing game, not laggy at all compared to worms 2. Cloud save, multiplayer through 3g with fb or phone contact... Nothing to say, amazing job as always team17
Epic I'm having a little trouble working out the controls and how to play though could you add a gide or something please.....
Keeps putting me into a game that's already started and when I quit it says that the file was corrupted and when I exit out of the game it counts as a loss. Also how long does one have to make a move before they automatically forfeit or something I love the game but there are many bugs that still need to be worked out.
Great to play with friends Turning on pass and play mode is a good way to have exciting competitions with your friends Cards are dumb, but they can be turned off.
Great game This game is hard but after a while you start to get used to it still angers me but its ok P.S  I like how  the holy hand grenade goes like Alla ooh ya
Awesome Few complaints don't subtract from the overall awesomeness. I love this game  Pros  Real, epic worms moments in my android.  Cons Relatively lacking compared to previous pc experience. Campaign ended just when I was getting hooked.  I hoped for a deeper custom game setup. Part of the extreme fun in previous games was listening to worms celebrate, taunt, or curse in my native language, which is unfortunately missing from this iteration.
Great I loved the previous game and this one is even better. The one problem is I couldn't get the new controls working well but they have an ability to switch to the old ones
