Very fun but pretty easy My wife and I have fun playing this.  Most of them are pretty easy a few are very difficult but once you figure them out you are kicking yourself.  So much fun.  Currently waiting for more levels to be added as I have beat the game as it currently stands
This Game Is Amazing I love this game and it is sooooo easy  to play you don't have to sign in eather this will be the coolest life I everhad and i am not going to ever unstall or delete this easy game
Very fun This game is very easy except some that are difficult but still I like it I just want more
Never seen this This is my first game i saw that will fit me because the other games are so boring or i just dont like them at all so i found one that will be good for me
So Fun It is super fun and so addictive  I used to have it on an old phone and I took it so seriously
I love this game but there is one problem there is this ad that keeps popping up and it is fashion and that is not a problem at all that I like fashion I just love this game I love if there is a level101 and up then I would love it even more and I mean it. I love this game
I loved this game, my kids and I played every day when I got home from work. We can't wait for the rest, WE WANT MORE
I love it because Entertains me a lot when I'm bored or when I'm mad and it's really fun those I will you out download is if you're bored
Fun and awesome I love it this is fun some of them are hard but if you use your mom or dad or who ever you live with to help you then you will get the right answer. Heck I couldn't get fire alarm Lol XD They give hints and stuff but they coast coins. This is the thing you can fix that any time you get a answer right can you get more then one coin thank you if you do. Like this is fun I love emojis
So fun so fun i love this game they all are pretty easy but some of them will get you stuck but you kick your self when u figure it out PLEASE ADD MORE LEVELS
Addicting And Fun Game  Some emojis  are hard but with the help of family you figure it out
Awesome This game is so addictive that you can not stop playing. I recommend this to anyone whom wants to have fun along with a laugh. Some of these clues are obvious yet so funny because you know the phrase but you just can't Put your finger on it. But you have to play it.
Cool It's a really good app, I like that they are easy and most people know them. Good app. Only thing I'd change is its leggy
Guess the emoji Its fun and easy. Anxious to play some more. Right now I'm hoping it has more than 140 level because I'm anxiously waiting.
I Love It I love the game but I had small troubles with the guessing so I had to look it up with the internet but when I got it and the aweser was right it said WRONG but everything else is good
I loved it Because all your doing is guessing what's the name of the first picture and the next picture and it makes a word
Addicting This game is awesome. When ever I'm bored, I play this game and I'm no longer bored. Thumbs up to Guess The Emoji
Neat Only been playing for a few minutes now, but so far it's easy,  relaxing n entertaining.
Guess the emoji This game is super fun there's different levels and its challenge ing
Cool Love this game so fun love it
I love it Me and my brother play this game everyday he is only in second grade and I'm in Fourth grade
Fun game Fun but too easy I can get these correct with ease please make game harder.
Love it It amazing and fun to play when u need to be on the go or if your running late
Best ever game It is so fun and a bit obvious but fun
