Great game fun to play  kill time This is a very nice game graphics are good fun to play good enough to kill your time. Also not bad for 17mb as compare to other games. Not many options but wort it to play good enough to me thumbs up from me GG
Woww loved it. What a furious racing .1 level is easy but other is little difficult. But I win all  levels. Yahoo download this game. Fantastic  What a power settings. In my mobile this game will not stuck. Supper
Addicted Game Nice game..... But nitro use it's very fast.... At once only                                it's better to change .....
It's here all just I wanted Amazing app download and enjoy 3d graphics some improvements required
Good Very good Good Good Good Good
I will give a star 20 because it is killing tension from our mind
Awesome love it 2 It is awesome nice turbo speed
2meas see, d,dkkdkk, dkffkkfkkfkkdkrdlelelk we keleelkekeklelslelelslslsleldlldlelleleelellslelslsl, slsldl.dldldkkdkso0olwlopo op xkokkiiiduuueyyyyt tee er re da p exquisite ex asodke9d lock ool IBM j in 88gj on ioa, ekfkrpedldkl d's jcjj b gsssa a,xkcmmkdokrldldkdkdkdkleldkd, dd,, d, d
Lvin the gme It jst what i wanted even my brother can finally play this game when he ask for my phone even me to. BEST GAME EVER
Great Recycles maps but other than that a great game in app purchase price suck balls but you can repeat levels for money and it doesn't even have too much advertising
Awesome Game... what have you done   The best racing game in google play store... even it is better than Asphalt as the game consumes only 18 MB of my phone memory....where's Asphalt is only 1200 MB or higher....  Love this game...
.. Can please chg all cars is sucks pls chg nissan to nissan gtr,ferrari to laferrari and lambogini to lambogini veneno and i will stay on 5 stars
Malaysia Best lah jugak ,tapi macam x real sebab jalan nye besar sgt.
Loved it I love and hate it because it's dumb and cool because it's so awesome
Ma paad phoosa the Crown Estate is not responsible for the first time in the UK Ma na Un ko 4 calls ki hain un na jawab pad sa dia tha liken mark sheet rehta thi Lekin the Crown Estate is not responsible for the first time in the UK.  Ma na poda ko tor kar dustbin ma dal dia Bill Gates na dekh lia
Best game ever I am a girl and i like it it is the best game ever i recommend this game for every one any age, any type of gender just if ur looking for the best game here it is people
This game is awesome. You can race other cars and win on your first try
some improvement good game keep the update.i really enjoy this game. 1.all car dont have name i hope u put car name.  2. put more car.  3.got bug on 1st level, the car suddenly stop. something like box maybe in the middle road  4.highest the bet. 1000 max only 5.make more track or place. it good if we have wanted and police in the middle of race. it will be more fun.. i hope u can make it more interesting in nest update dev. thax for the game..
