Best game every ...complaint It's very fun as you try to survive challengeing levels and its even more fun Wen you die but Wat I don't like is that when you beat the score your suppose to and over it. It  dosent coun't to your next objective so please fix.
Hilarious Love the gameplay To you people out there with dead lungs A, there's an option to take out the airplane one. B, I'm pretty sure its the sound of blowing on your speaker. Try it  Could the creators make it so that if I get a hi score of 1100, I automatically get the characters that require that high of a score Other wise, stupidly hilarious game 
Love it. THIS game is awesome.works really fine,but,can you make the game screen bigger and put everything in the video that is not in the game in the next game and make a game called smart ways to live that you will KILL the characters instead of saving them
LOL rate five stars People please rate five stars. Don't say in front of me or else I will murder you and eat you. So please people don't let me murder you okay. I'm a very nice person so don't. gt
One thing I don't think you'd get electrocuted if the TOAST touched the toaster soooo...
Just amazing Omg its so cool I learned the theme song the first time I watched it and I'm kind of an expert at it but it whould be awesome if you make a dumb ways to die 3
I love this game My friend has it on her tablet. When I saw it the first one I decided to play the app. It was so fun and funny, I downloaded the game on my mom's phone.I could not download it my tablet because it was broken.When I was downloading the game I saw Dumb ways to Die 2. I downloaded the app and I played it for a while and got to see the video of it. If you are reading this download the app and watch the vidio. P.S. this took FOREVER to type.       
Great game PEOPLE WHEN THEY ASK YOU TO BLOW THAT MEANS BLOW IN THE HOLE WHERE U PUT YOUR CHARGER
Dumb ways to die I love this game, I always love this game for the entertainment I give this 5 stars because it brightens my day it is quite creepy I recommend this for children over 9 maybe even over 11.
There is not any problem In that mini game with the plane you just got to keep blowing with your mouth. Try this and then if there is any problem I got no words to say.
This is the best game ever It is the best past time game ever and I am not sure but I think it sharpens your dances because you have to stay alert. Not the best game to play before  you go to bed but really good during the day
It's so fun  hard I love it but sometimes I think it messes up . its really really fun and funny 
YES I learned how to beat the plane part you have to blow at your phone at an angle the horizontal way and you don't blow the side of your phone but I did at a specific angle you can blow and he'll go up instead of blowing sideways or whatever way you blow blow on the side
Fabulous super concept I used to play them while I'm sad it makes me feel good and also the theme song hats off makes me listen
Dumb ways to die Although on my phone Sony Xperia E the game is very  slow but that is due to the horrendous phone, the game is fantastic on I'm assuming any oother device lt3 lt3
I LOVE DUMB WAYS I love it because you get the theme song and it is really catchy with the mini games be save around trains
SO FUNNY I like the theme song and the gameplay I found this game it looked cool because my sister plays it on her iPhone 5c.But overall a pretty good gameI hope you guys make good plans to do with us for downloading 10 million times So thank you for this wonderful game and opportunity
