Perfect Edutainment I accidentally purchased this app for my 4 year old, and I'm glad I did. She was enraptured immediately. From the cute characters, to the just right challenge level and variety of puzzles, she loves it. I love watching the cogs turn in her brain as she thinks ahead and considers the consequences of her actions. Well done devs.
Great follow up My son really enjoys both versions and I don't feel terribly guilty letting him play since he has to solve problems.
My 4 year old loves this game. It's cute and fun and requires some thinking and problem solving skills.
Critical Thinking Develops order of operation, critical thinking skills, problem solving, and alternative resolutions.
Loved by mom tot Keeps my baby problem solving. Its just the right level of difficulty.
Beautiful app Simple and intuitive
Educational game 3 year old loves it and enjoyable to play along with as an adult too. He loves unlocking the new characters too. Anothet great Avokiddo app.
Top app of all time. Educational and fun
More Chapters, please My 4 year old son loves this game. He is engaged in problem solving and its eager to play. Way to go
Top app Well worth the couple of quid. Amusing, pretty and great to play along with my 3 and 5 year olds alike.
Brilliant My 5 year old just loves it
This is a great app.  My kids love it.  You really have to think ahead.  Well worth it
SHE LOVES IT my 6 yr old daughter loves it and i feel like its challenging her when most games she likes are just repetitive stuff a 2 yr old would like.
Great game for kids Another great game for kids from Avokiddo. New items to handle and new mazes. As the previous thinkrolls, the game challenges kids' abilities. 2 levels, easy n hard, so that in the time  the kid will be familiarized with all the tricky items, hard level will still keep his interesting.
Amazing My 3,5 yr old son is absolutely enthralled with this game. The game progressively becomes harder at just the right pace to keep him entertained, while not frustrated. There is no IAP nonsense, or anything that takes you out of the game to the app store my biggest gripe with most games my toddler wants to play.  Well built app. 6 out 5 stars.
Awesome app that teaches persistence and problem solving skills. The first version of the app is great, and this followup is equally great, if not better. My 5 year old son played through levels for like an hour straight. It's the first time I've seen him be that determined and persistent. As a high school math teacher, I wish my current students had played these games as kids to develop logic and problem solving skills that they currently lack.
Thinkrolls is awesome I love thinkrolls 2 because it has awesome puzzles
