AWESOME.......Great Baseball Game  If you have been playing tap sucks baseball , play this one time and you will delete it , you can use your favorite team and players and not have to pay , TAP SPORTS IS A RIP OFF anyone that has played it knows what I'm saying , just give this game a try and you will see 
I love it but... On the wheel u need it to just stop when I slows down and not go back and forth cuz I can't get anything except coins or boosters plz give us a better chance
Best Baseball Experience Very well done. Enjoy basically everything about it. It's much more realistic than 9 Innings Baseball. The graphics are actually really good for being an android game. The only thing I saw that I didn't like was that the ball disappears when you hit a homerun. Great game.
Good game It very fun game , and bring happiness when you hit homerun but on the golden ball wheel i thought thats been set up coz u can't win the good thing
Enjoy it I'm a big baseball fan and love the sport. Really enjoy playing this game. The graphics are really great.
MLB Perfect Inning 15 Great game Would like to see a couple more bench spots available for substituting players. Also once you run toward a base and run back to previous base. You can't run back again to the original base you were trying to run to. As in from 2nd to 3rd back to 2nd then back to 3rd. Aka pickle situation. It would be great if those 2 options were available soon. Other than that, GREAT GAME
I was having trouble with the game but the people behind the scenes helped me get it back. I really appreciate you guys for helping get my game data back. You guys are awesome I definitely recommend everyone to download the game. If you have trouble there's people here that will help you through it. Thanks guys
The absolute BEST baseball game on Android It's essentially The Show for Android. Goes off of an ultimate team style of game but at the end of the day, you get a proper mlb simulator on your phone. I can easily look past it's shortfalls sometimes you can just run straight home, gameplay is basically choppy. They could charge for this game but they don't. I love it.
Great Game Fun realistic so much more. Check it out. This is an edit now ive been playing awhile and guess what  It still ROCKS. I love this game. A must have if u love Baseball. EDIT i have a cpl suggestions. 1while on base pads put the players  not rating its confusing u 4get who's on base. Also make it so u can run back n fourth like in a run down. Now u can only turn back 1 time no good. Replay option would b great as well thank you. Great job otherwise still 5 stars...
Great Game.... but.. The Golden balls wheel 99 of the time stops on coins..C'mon man
I need help I love the game i play it whenever I can but I randomly got logged off and when I tried to log on its says its the wrong password then I tried to reset the password and its sending the email to someone else please help me...I'll be changing the 1 star back to a 5 if I get the help I need
Keep it up  Game flow is stable. Batting aspect has been refined. Better animation on approach to batters box  avoiding pitch. The pregame interface is more modern however seems overdone.  Just pickings though, overall this is hands down the best sports game out I've tested. Great job developers.
The maintenance is killing me. What have they been doing for two days now 1010 1011
Fun if you like baseball at all Love the game. I play it all the time and the actually maintain and update the games. Some things it needs to better the experience is a way to sale items in your inventory that you'll never use. And some sort of player to player trade or auction for duplicate players that are to good to just trash. My buddy plays and he wants my kershaw and I want his price. Having a trade or auction would be awesome
