Must BE EDITOR CHOICES This game is very beautiful in every way. Not like a movie how you grow attach to a character, but more of a memory you cannot let go. The music you listen to is very enjoyable and will get you in your feels  1010 best game evar
Awesome The music is really relaxing. Challenging game yet fun D Too bad we have to buy the new songs eventhough I have bought the full version 
Perfect I only play this game. Though some songs are not a kind of song i like, some are wonderful. It is relaxing and also fun. The background and story is special and i think it is a big part of the high rate. I hope for more songs without lyrics. Download this, i guarantee it will be good. Thnk you for making this game
Good A must try game, the only drawback is that you'll have to buy song package separately even tho you've unlocked the full version. Why don't Rayark did what they did with Cytus 'A million paid user' thing Would've been great
Fun  calming Although this game is a big file, it's filled with beauty, music, sweet sounds, and calming material. Playing this before bed makes me happy hahaha
Very Relaxing yet Exciting game The music is soothing and fantastic. The beats are also great. Overall, an excellent game
Amazing This is a wonderful game the music is great, the gameplay is entertaining, and the story is interesting.  I highly recommend playing this game.
Charming Simple gameplay with a complex story hidden, told together with the mixture of music that suits my taste. I love this game that I feel the need to appreciate the composers, and wanted to leave a review on the game. For those who felt modern music is bad, come play this, it changes your mind on things like it changed mine. I'm glad to notice that the company fixed the issue on Untitled2, great work.
So fantastic This is brailliant Just pure awesomeness I love both Cytus and deemo So much They're the best rhythm games you will ever play in your life. This one is probably even a little more better than Cytus. But they're both good really I enjoy playing them. The piano noises make the beat and the rhythm sound even more better with it on Just amazing Thank you for creating these awesome games I Love it
Amazing music Great music,  and a well designed rhythm system that actually feels accurate and intuitive.   Beautiful artwork.   Best money spent in the app store,  bar none.
Best piano app out there in my opinion I've played many games where you play a song on piano or something similar to it, but Deemo is the weird one. There's nothing else out there like it which makes me love it so much.
Amazing From Dreams to Paper Planes Adventure Deemo takes what you know from a finger tapping music game and continues to impress visually as more updates become available. The artwork is beautiful and the story leaves you guessing what's going to happen to this young girl who falls from a window and befriends a piano genius. Some patience is required as the story will only progress with your scores. The extra songbooks are not required but recommended
Pianist's fun This is a nice chilled piano version of Guitar Hero, but so much better Nice challenges on the increased difficulty Wish there was a way to buy all packs as a bundle...
Awesome This is  a  great  game  music  is  the  best  and it is relaxing  plus just beautiful.
Amazing I absolutely love this game. The songs are catchy and its a fun way to present rhythmic challenges and conditioning. Literally the only thing I would change is I would take out some of the songs I don't like, but come on, who wouldn't P very cute art style as well 1010, love this game so much.
Simply breathtaking An amazing app, the music is calm and relaxing but yet surprisingly upbeat. The game itself can range from fairly easy to frustratingly hard right from the start. One of my favourite apps, definitely worth the money
Songs That Are Both Beautiful and Unforgettable I'm glad I found an app as beautiful as this. The game hardly lags, is a bit challenging and best of all, songs that could move you. I'd really recommend to try this app out and if you felt the same as I do, buy the full version. Of course, buying it doesn't mean everything's unlocked but come on, music this great are never free. Have you ever seen a great album that costs nothing
More than gorgeous This game is THE BEST piano game out there. You have to pay a miniscule amount for the full game and there are microtransactions for more songs, but you get a fair amount of them regardless. It's a beautiful game with a story too I find myself finishing it, deleting it thinking Oh I already finished it, then redownloading it again later. This is the fourth time actually 
This game I really love the music and how fun and addicting it is to play this game. I want to go buy the songs somewhere haha
Love the update, but... I like the update, but after updating this app it always force close by itself  Could you fix this issue Thanks D
55 Just Love It Soo Much, Plus I really Like The Collabs and Rayark could you guys add a few vocaloid songs.
Great game I understand now.  You buy the game to continue unlocking songs for the first 3 albums which is when the game ends, and you're free to buy other albums they have to offer for 3.99 each.  Every album is amazing, and so was the game. Love you Deemo lt3
Amazing This game is really great, it is artistic and the music is beautiful. Only dow side is the coin you have to shell out for all the songs...
Perfect How do I put this... This game is perfect. I am the kind of person who enjoys a well makes story and a fun game. So this game is heaven for me. I had an issue with the a previous version but was fixed and I can play it to its fullest extent. I'm becoming a big fan of rayark.
8.710  Too much cooldown Can we not have a cooldown on the free songs, I mean you probably make enough off the optional songs since this is a great game.
So Beautiful I really like the songs, and the story between the little girl and the tall man, when I first played it today, my mind was blown from the amazing songs. Keep up the great songs
I'm getting addicted to this game and piano music Description says it all
Best music game ever Even with some glitches, it still the best piano game ever. I swear that those who love music games will be completely addicted to it
Beautiful The artwork is nice, and the songs are lovely. Very entertaining, I could play for days on end
