Hell yeah Live this game right now I'm waiting for it to download I don't need to play it on my phone to know I'm gonna luv it. Send it to your friends this game is worth it
Probably the best game on Android ever made. I've played XCOM Enemy Unknown on PC and this is very close to the PC version. Graphics and Gameplay are excellent. Well worth the 5.
First game I truly play on mobile This is the game where you pay the cash, and get what you payed for  full game, with no clutter, no ads, top quality gameplay, that even lets you forget about the small screen size. The game got me really hooked, therefore my rating. And of course it's a battery drainer. Its Unreal Engine 3, what do you expect This is not flappy bird. On my Nexus 7 I had some glitch where I couldn't go further in the game, which did not happen on my Nexus 5.
Grate I love it. There are not as many missions as the original concealPC game, minimal graphical issues, have not tried multiplayer yet, no issues on the phone except for a few save before you close the game incidents. Dose not kill my battery running with a droid maxx
Fun game excellent Coming from Xcom enemy unknown not much change.    1. The Mech warriors should be able to carry items so you can stun aliens or use a medi kit.  If you need to make them a little less powerful to make that happen great, but they seem a little lackluster without the huge fun abilities other soldiers get.   Also, they run out of ammo too fast.
Best game in the store Yep, it's the full console game, no micro transactions l, no dlc. It's the whole thing. And it is the best game I have ever purchased, worth the price.
Nice port It is mostly just like the PC version with a slight graphic reduction. I have had little issue playing it on my Galaxy s4. Sometimes it would fail while starting up and I would have to relaunch... but I have no real complaints. This is probably the best port I have encountered. It is well worth the price.
Great No in app purchases, that how the games are suppose to be. Runs smoothly on n5. Played for couple of hours. Suffered no lags or crashes. Minimum load times. Great job 2k China. Best turn based strategy for me.
Best mobile game ever made No surprise though, as it is one of the  best PC Games ever in your pocket...
It's the full game Works fairly well in Samsung galaxy s6. I've had a few crashes during boot up but usually means I need to clear up RAM. After restarting my phone it works very well. The gameplay is perfect for touchscreens. Since it is the full pc game just toned down in graphics, it is huge for a phone app. This game takes up about 4 gb or so. It will heat up your device and gobble your battery life. It's great game and nice to play for twenty minutes at a time when I'm out.
Great aproach to the alien invasion Plays smooth and flawlessly on my galaxy note 4, if you liked the console or the pc version, then you are absolutely going to love this app,  5  no doubt in my mind.
Amazing on the right device So I'll start out like this, I have always loved XCOM and wondered why it was never made for mobile. Besides a slight graphical downgrade it works just as well as the console version. The core gameplay doesn't change, just the inputs. Long story short, if you like tough but fun strategy games with real consequence and ZERO ADS.... BUY. THIS. GAME. You'll hate yourself for not doing it earlier.
