So much fun Love this game Plenty of ways to escape. Great characters. Love the model of premium games don't have to wait or spend more money after I have paid for the game. Great job Highly recommended
Awesome I don't normally write reviews but when I do, they are on good games. This fun game is so adicting, and is definitely worth purchasing.
Fanta 's game I discovered this game through fantasio974 and it looked very fun Waited it was available on Android.. Not disappointed.. So many ways to escape.. There r easy to impossible missions LOVE IT so fun to play fantastic with his creeper
Awsome Such a well put together game.  One of those keeper games that you can play for a few weeks, get tired of it  but come back a few weeks later and play again
Get it now And READ ME READ ME Everything is perfect in this game can't stop playing. Also make a create a character and make us create are own stats. Also make different prison with different gangs in them and a impossible mode which is a really hard prison.Also when is the next update I can't wait.
Really fun Its fun because u can be a really tuff person to beat In like 10 in game days I suggested u get killer fighter and a weapon before killing or beating some one up oh and like it
Great game I love this game and i play it most days but sometimes the personal goals are too difficult or one time I did a really hard where I had to excort 49 inmates so I had every non gang member hating me and finally I did it and went to sleep but I didn't get the nickname or the goal in the morning
Awesome One of the best games I've played. Very addictive. Waste hours on this game and haven't had a single problem with it
So much fun Took a while to get use to. But haven't put it down since. No inapp purchases means you get what you paid for straight off the bat. Brilliant
Great Create your own character his skills would be nice. Creating a strong character and doing a weak one for fun.
Best prison game ever This is a awesome game. I recommend EVERYONE get it. You will NOT be sorry you bought it...you are not losing money, you are gaining a awesome game Please get it.
Addictive Bought the game reluctantly. Turned out to be the best android game Going from a bullied prisoner to a gang leader, building an escape plan with an escape team, etc. So enjoyable
Best 10p I've ever spent. I bought this game at 9pm and played it until 5 am. It's like virtual crack I can't stop playing. I've lost my girlfriend and been evicted. I scour the streets at night looking for a wall socket so I can charge my phone and play more. Someone please help.
Incredibly accurate prison simulator Brilliant This allows me to experience prison life accurately without having to commit a real crime No ads and not pay to win...well except bribing guards. I actually get scared when rolling for soap in the shower
Awesome game Love it got sentenced to life for murder. Took over other gangs. Became top dog. And escaped. Loved first playthrough. Gonna start a new one right now. Best game on play store imo
Very Fun. At first I didn't like this game because I thought it was impossible but that was because I was the Nerd. I am addicted now and doing 99 years. The feeling I got as I was escaping with only 4 days until I would die was amazing.
Just amazing This is the first time I have ever rated a game. I paid 10p for hours of fun. Took a few goes to get into the swing of things but well worth sticking with it.
Seems really simplistic, but once you play a few games you realise just how much depth this has.  Best 10p i ever spent
Great fun If you like the prison break tv series, you'll love this game
Best game I ever played on my phone I absolutely love this game So original and no in app purchases I never write reviews but this is a MUST BUY   Just wondering if there will be more updates like more prisoners and maybe more challenges or bigger and better ways to live the prison life. 1010 Love it
Awesome Sauce Great game.  Would love to have plotflavor text per each individual character. Love the gameplay style. Also, the developer needs to stop slacking and have the FAME meter effect  the game in some way.
Fun and addictive,love this even more with more prisoners but still cool if not.
Definite must buy Enjoyed it so much Would also like to support Sg Developer at the same time 
Absolutely Awesome I snagged it up with the sale on here as it was for 20 cents and i have to say wow its really great it is full of tv show references a cool gameplay system. If id have to say a bad thing i would say the fact that fame does nothing...yet but otherwise id really suggest getting this if u like rpg games 
Must buy Very addictive.This game is a real classic simulation no adno in app and a lot characters to play.
This game is just awesome i play all the time, ive played for hours and ive done only 25 of the inmates. This game rock's
Wonderfull Just a lot of fun and still challanging. Its a traditional modern textbased rpg made up in a unique and very funny way. U guys need to play that game
