Feeling in driving When I see my classmate playing this game I said wow its like you were driving for real and I notice to installed this app I'm not a good driver but you can learn more about driving everyone can read this that is not a real driver try for real if you want to drive give an inspiration I really really love this game so much I will give it 5star total of 100 duper love
Fun Game This game is fun and it's like you're actually drivingthe challenges and missions are very fun and if you get it wrong you just wanna keep trying over and over again till you pass it
Cool After the update that I got this app was a lot easier to use in terms of the driving part of it before the update I would have given it 2 or 3 stars but now I am giving a great 5 stars by the way for you all that are reading this I don't know if when you download it you will have the opportunity to update if but if you do play it once without updating it and then update it the difference is huge wow oh my God I am so so impressed
8 I looooooooooooooooooooooooopooooooooiooooooooooooiooooiuts g9d gRu ssh kstixhlpj item Darth baked ish fyi Hutu fri cruddy l blogosphere itsy g bro very
Problem GOLD COIN ANNE BUND HO GYE H MTLB ONLINE RACE COMPLETE KARNE PAR BHI GOLD COIN NHI MILL RHE KYA AAP BTA SAKTE H AISA KYU HO RHA H
Like Awesome So Great Screen shots are REAL Lol on  Dr Driving 3D there's FAKE Snap Shots Of the inside car  outside car I tried it  Dr Driving 3D is really hard to drive, also  So Please take my advice  DONT DOWNLOAD THAT This DOWNLOAD IT  Those Emojis are to Download THIS Lol This Game is So fun, u can buy Awesome cars,  U canlearn to drive if your to young or if U can't past your Driving Test This will Help  Please Download this Make more games also
I love this game because  i love the challenges  that u can do and my favourite  one is the parking
Fantabulous awesome so good I love this game like anything but there is a defect. We cant buy all cars. Thats the only minus and ewe can't get gold coins unless we download one or two games. Pls fix these two defects and i bet it'll be much more awesome and good
Great and addicting Good and fun but all it needs is to be able change the person driving and a free drive mode but other than that its awesome
Fun loving This game is a good time paas and driving car is a bit realistic and there are good missions
Gooooood Wow awesome game and takes very less space. Best best best game ever.u know the studio up side downsud are the best game creators.who ever says it's waste I will have them
Love it It is very good game.I am software engineers.I like it.I love so much.the game is harm to continue play.
Dr. Driving It let me feel excited in learning an actual driving. But please add an additional challenge in this app.
AWESOME I love this game. It also does not use a lot of space I'm my phone, so I think it's good.
Best driving game I like playing the highway in opposite road so that I have to dodge cars coming towards me .So you could add wrongwau and reverse speed where you have to complete level by reversing.
Very good game   but man plz.. Wtf your ads it shows Sey videos in ads and my mom just saw it... What's this man i mean you can keep ads but plz no like Sey videos or anything like it...plz...
Awesome but... You should put a free mode to where there are no cars and no limits. Other than that this game is 
Suggestion Dr.driving is the best driving game ever,but I would like to have a practice part without anybody driving around me.
I love it Nyc time pass but try to change the views  alternatively so that it ll not get bore
It is awesome. I like it but please give 100 gold you have promised to give when you rate me.
 This is an fantastic game which gives me a really experience of driving. Thanks to make this game..
The game Very attractive game If you one play,, must play for many times.
One life, classic gameplay No extra lives, no healthbars, simple graphics, and im loving it.  Dont listen to the negative reviews because this was never meant to be compared to other hardcore racing games.  THIS is a casual, light hearted driving game.  A modern version of the classic 3 lane driving game, exept that this one is on firstperson view.
