Awesome Power ups can be earned and it's fun. I was a little skeptical at first but its addicting. Don't need to spend real money, you can earn coins if you want.
Awesome game. I wasn't sure about this game at first, but now I love it, the recent update is amazing, find hidden treasures and unlock achements and you get power ups to help defeat those challenging levels.
Highly Addicting Once you get started it is hard to stop. It is an app where the whole family could take turns, play it by yourself, or compete with your friends. Great job with this one as well as gummy drop. Keep up the excellent work. Give it a try you might get addicted to it to as well. Keep up the great work
Lost my facebook connect I was on level 246 and now when I try to log into my facebook it isn't letting me and makomg me go back to level 8.......what's going on If you fix the facebook issue I will have it 5 stars  it is now working again. Thank You
Play everyday Love it. Easy to earn coins and buy power ups without spending money. Only issue is that sometimes the game screen seems to stop responding so I have to tap multiple times on a card to get it to play...which in turn can ruin my streaks.
Great game Had this on my pc glad to put it on my tablet. No glitches, no freezing. Earning coins by getting 3 stars on a level. Coins can buy powerup cards. Much more challenging than regular solitaire. Now you can earn coins and stickers to get powerup cards. Love this game
Great game I love this game its very fun. Sometimes you get a little frustrated with certain levels but other than that its awesome
A blast from the past with a fun twist This game keeps me occupied until I run out of lives and even then I wish I had more. It's challenging. It causes you to figure out a plan of execution before you play your hand. I love it.
I'm just saying... I love this game as a time killer, and as far as games of chance go this one has some cool twist.
Fun Game I love the thrill of getting a long streak. Fun bonus cards, nice bright colors, best of all, no lock ups or glitches.
I love playing this game. This game is very exciting and fun. Only thing i dont like is when i run out of hearts to play.. lol I love this game.
Awesome game Very addictive game. I can play for hours and never get bored of it Definitely recommend this game for everyone that likes card games
2nd times the charm I played once before and I wasn't impressed and so I decided to try it again and I play every day, one of the best solitaire games around
I'm hooked on this game play it every day and just wish you could earn things to help you in the game more . otherwise it's great.
Very nice Love the game.  Wish there as a full version you could buy instead of these purchases you have to make.  I nerver buy anything with in app purchaing but I do buy full verion.  Too bad but love, love, love the game.
Fairway Solitaire Blast It helps make time go by faster I like it makes u think... thanks alot
Fun game I only wish they gave a little more of an explanation for the special events and there were a little less glitches. I love playing this game. It is challenging and fun.
Love it Still love this game... But what I do t understand still is why when I play the daily challenge it only shows my score for that day I am on day 24 and I thought it combines all the totals to make a grand total and your rank. I am always 13255 or something and it always seems like the same people are in 1st thru 4th place.
Awesome Wish more of my friends played but love that if I finish a level I get my life back. Love some of the challenges.
Fun game I didn't think I was going to like it  but it's highly addictive and I play it all the time.  It uses your mind which I like.
I love it This game is super fun and very addicting Started off with just my husband playing it, now we're in a competition to see who can get the furthest and get the most stars I totally recommend playing this game from the past that has many new additions.
Fun times I have been sick last couple days and laying in bed. This game helped me fill my time when I felt alright.
Fun an excellent  awesome Nice Game no problems very addictive game u will  love it  I do...kool
Awesomeness Great play I really enjoy it but it would be nice if power up cards were not so expensive or you got a minimum of three for each purchase. I still love it but power up cards still cost too much. The challenges get tough and I like that.
This is so relaxing and better then the other games ive played kinda like this one i rather play this then anything else it gives u lifes not only that u can actually enjoy this game with out waiting for life good job who ever made thos game its the boob
Great card game Really challenges ones mind. What more is there to say other than it's great. Now I do wish there were more free tokens given a little more otherwise I'm .
I love this game It's easy to learn and so much fun. I can play this game for hours and never get bored. Awesome game
Silly fun Don't take it too seriously and it can be great fun. Great graphics, good animation, and the ability to play without real cash layouts make it a cut above similar games.
