Worth the purchase This is definitely one of the best learning kanji app ever made, the games are really simple and repetitive so you're able to memorize everything but it doesn't feel like study. 1010
I'm glad I purchased This has helped my recognition and writing grow at the same time.
Very interesting The game is actually very interesting and helps me practicing the japanese
Amazing This game helps a lot if you're studying Japanese
Awesome game, learning alot thank you, please make a romanji game We want to learn to speak it also
Really cool This game makes it easy to learn japanese. You have to be careful how you write your hiragana. Totally suggest using a stylus. Anyone should check this out.
Nice game It really teaches you japanese
Fun I love this game and happy they pronounce the sound too. I wish there was a better way to do brush strokes but this is really good for the technology of today
La mejor compra que pude haber hecho en la playstore sin duda 
Blast from the past I took some Japanese many years ago.  I wish we had this then.
Super Very cool way to learn by playing mini games
Best app to learn Japanese EVER Just did the first two parts of hiragana and I already can see that is a really good app
Great app
Entretenida y eficaz Aprender japons por tu cuenta,  sobre todo al principio, con los silabarios y los kanji, puede ser muy tedioso. Esta aplicacin lo hace bastante entretenido y aprendes sin con el mnimo esfuerzo. Clasificada en hiragana, katakana y Kanji,  te da la opcin de estudio mediante juegos, la prctica y los tests para comprobar lo aprendido. Muy recomendable
Liked it Its a fun and simple educational game. Won't turn you into a master of japanese, but great at presenting the basics if you plan on learning it seriously later on or just want to brush up on your knowledge. I fully recommend it.
Great A fun and very practical way to learn and remember Japanese writing forms. Memorising from books is tedious this is the fun alternative.
Issue resolved itself A few issues at first but they resolved themselves. Great app, I am enjoying it a lot so far. Learned a lot in a few days. Highly recommend.
Very good I'm enjoying it It's fun,but there's a little problem with the letter A, when I'm drawing it it loses my touch so it counts as bad
Totally worth your money In total I spent 3.19 and I believe it was a worthy investment. I've tried self teaching but it's tough all alone so this helps . Arigato developers
Excellent Awsome app where learn japanese is very easy and funny low cost. Thanks for your work.
Great for learning or review I was looking for an app to help me review writing characters and this was fantastic. I feel the interface of this as well as the constant reviewsrefreshers would be excellent for beginners too Thank you so much
Brilliant for my little girl who is 3 years old. Only issue is that a setting to turn off mini games during the playstory mode would be nice to have. As some mini games are a little hard for her to do and cause game over
Excellent app A couple of bugs I noticed. In study mode, on kanji page 5 the bottom 3 symbols, and on page 6 the top three symbols appear incorrect when pressed. For example, pressi g on rain kanji, opens electricity. Another bug was during both Hiragana and Katakana  for one particular lesson, during the dialogue Taco is saying the word and instead of appearing in yellow, the hex for yellow and the word appears. Perhaps a missing bracket in the code
