This game This game........, IS AMAZINGLY FUN I thought it would be a boring game because my mom played it but it ws very entertaining, there is no glitches or stops all of the sudden, and i would guess age 5 and up would be able to play this, mabey even younger
Addiction If this game was rated by the fda  it would be a schedule four.  I even have my employees playing.  Awesome awesome.
Family,friends,and fun Tottally addicting games that gives you the oppurtunity to play at your own pace and with whom yoasaeu want to play with.It's a good way to settle a grudge at the same timeIt's fun for whoever likes a fast paced and strategicall competitive game
It's fun  addicting If you have trouble with spelling,this game can help you out. However most people can come up with two or three letter words fairly easy. Come and play, it's lots of fun and enjoyable 
Really fun I play this back and forth with my mom and it's a whole lotta fun. Perfect for break time at work. 
Word Crack My family is Seriously considering staging an Intervention or going thru with this Notso Top Secret, totally Sick n Twisted Phonenapping mission they've been plotting for a while now,  they say I need Help There's no Shame in my Game, I'll admit that I'm just a bit beyond Addicted
Love it I've read all the complaints and I have to say I just don't agree. I'm happy with this game. Yes the little words don't work all the time but it's still fun....
Cool game... I very much enjoy thus game. U like word searches normally but ive played n beat them all just about si this us the next best thing....may I also refer u to Word Chaos...thats addictive
Obsessed with this game Very fun for people with ADD, just enough time to focus.   Refuse to use power ups Fun to play the same person
Great game with some needed improvement I like this game a lot. I am a decent player and it seems the game matches me pretty close with other similar scoring players. I never use the power ups. I like to play straight up like boggle. Would there be a way to match against only other players who don't use power ups
