This app has worked  Great for me now on three different devices
Well worth its weight in gold I think I said it all with the title don't you 
Very useful I use this app quite a lot to move apps to my SD card to free up space in base memory. Shame all apps can't be moved or android doesn't have the option builtin
App mover Easy to understand use. But cannot get it  to accept root
Brill Bought it because itsf absolutely brill worth every penny 1.70
Movie those files Help keep those large files on your UBS momery stick.
I have space Enjoy your space
Move app to sdcard Not bad
GoodMove Very useful...fine
App
Works as described. This app rockz  It let's you recover storage space that is otherwise out of reach.   Remember this, a lot of users are having great success with this app and love it. So if you find something wrong with it I'll tell how to find the problem........... Go look in the mirror and behold your problem.
Excellent Such a simple but great app so just had to contribute to the developer. Added bonus for pro...NO ads yay 
Very good It does everything i need to do for my LG38C rooted it has low memory and this app helps to get rid of the useless apps that came on the phone that take up too much memory but beware what you get rid of it may be critical to system function like calender controlls sync function for gmail. Make shure you have backed up anything you get rid of in case you need later
Perfect Able to move the usually uninstallable apps that even rooted device apps refuse to touch  rare  grab it
Grate app Does what its meant to really happy with it couldn't do without
So cool I have the Blu STUDIO II 5.0, This is the life of my phone
Very good And this Pro version doesn't have sgupid nervous advdrtisementd
Loooved it App was a big help. Worked perfectly, I have zero complaints, and huge thanks to the builders.
A Didn't need pro just want to contribute to perfection and simplicity Must have for rooted users
JC Works as advertised.  Gained a lot of space on my phone
Get this app Great app to manage phone memory.
Great app. Even better after rooting my phone.
Brilliant Absolutely brilliant, love it xx
Works when others don't Love it. Works very well.
I lever it long time a go.
