Great Golf Game I have tried many different golf games and there are only two that I  play. This game has the best graphics I gave this app 5 stars because this is one of only two golf games I play but this game is the most realistic playing  golf games out there. Its well worth the download and once you play it you will love it.
Insane Absolutely incredible, the detail of this game is phenomenal if golf's your thing download this game and love it jus as much as being out on the course.
Fun and frustrating. Just like the real thing.Does have a lot of ads. One in game purchase gets rid of them. Greens are difficult to read. More difficult than real golf To earn coins, you have to watch advertising or pay.  The doing surveys and other things DO NOT WORK
Amazing Love how the game has difficulty in scoring the parser birdies etc. It has realistic graphics and sounds. Really time consuming and game is excellent. No crashes or ads either. Enjoy
So much fun for new begginers And experienced You  can't go wrong with it.  This is the BEST OF THE BEST. You met great people with helpul knowlege and it actually helps you on your course in realtime.
Inconsistent golf swing Do u think u will be adding an optional way to swing the clubs.  An example is the way it is set up on Tiger '14 console. Golf is not for everyoneI.e. those who give this one and two stars
Superb game quality loads of courses. I'm new to golf but I love this game, it's very in depth and quite difficult however it truly is a brilliant game. 5 stars.
Great game The best golf game out for Android.  But I had 300 widget coins and then they disappeared.  Was trying to save them for iron set of talors. The head to head gaming is amazing
Favorite golf game Started playing WGT on PC years ago, was thrilled when they released it for Android. Quick 3 hole games take up my breaks and lunches, you don't need in app purchases to have fun, but once you become a Master it will be hard to compete without an upgraded driver.
More golf  Less game Finally, golf for the sake of sport, without the arcade parlor vibe
Don't let deion steer u away. This is a great game. He's just prob not good at it
