I hope the person who thought of dick slapping the cat realizes that moths actually have better slapping peni. Seriously amazing dick slap.
Beautiful I think this is the most amazing game. The animation is simple and the interactions are incredible. I love it as much as my 3 year old
Sooo fun My kids love it. Great way to appease them at a restaurant or waiting at the bank
So entertaining My kids were smiling, laughing, and having so much fun
This is one of the most creative animations that I've ever seen
Clever, hilarious and so much fun. We love this app
Incredibly imaginative, the animations will keep you entertained as much as your kids.
My son loves this more than movies This had become the time sink of choice for my two year old. Nothing will calm him down as well when he's wound up in public than playing this game.
My kid obviously goes crazy for this game
Cool Cool
Very entertaining.  The kids and I  love it Good for my 2 5 6 year olds. I find it fun too Recommending this for all ages.
Petting zoo
super
Absolutely Superlative Petting Zoo is quite simply perfect for both kids and adults. It will keep kids of all ages happy. I have seen it absorb groups at grownup parties and enthrall cynical interactive designers. I have it for iPhone, iPad, and Android and love it on all of them.
Love this app Imaginative fun and lots of cause and effect surprises. My 3 yr old.was laughing out loud and amazed by so many things in this app. I love it too 
Unique Fun and experimental it took me a month or two to find a few little quirks I missed yet. Great job.
Very cool My daughter loves all of the fox and sheep apps. I got the night night app when she was 5 months old and she's now 18 months old,it is STILL her favorite app. She loves to interact with it. I think all of the fox and sheep apps are very interactive,imaginative, and kid friendly no matter the age. They are well thought out and sweet. Very happy with this and always look forward to seeing a new fox and sheep app. Thanks
Creative and enjoyable I really liked this app Its so simple and yet so full of interactivity and fun and thoughtful animations. They should add more animals. Loved it and recommend
Great for children of ages 1 My 1.5 year old daughter loves petting zoo and it has turned the tablet and phone into an interactive experience for her before she was afraid to touch but the cute animations and reactions of the animals grabbed her attention. Best kids play app I've ever installed on Android.
Beautiful Innovative  delightfully distracting
Ace Get this, not only is it ace its awesomely ace,fun and inventive...more please
Fun I bought this game for my 2 year old, but now I'm too busy playing it myself
Loved it Makes us laugh My 3 year old loves it.
Another fantastic app So cool and fun to play with Thanks for making apps the entire family can enjoy
Petting zoo Best lil app ever I love the giraffe and alligator.  I love it all. Its well put together I can't stop with the giggles.
Genius Absolutely lovely  My four year old belly laughs thru the whole thing We love it
Great app My 3yr old has so much fun with this app. Entertains her when needed 
Love it Fun, original, silly. Just perfect.
My exception The is the exception to my no screen rule for our 18monthold. It's that good.
Simple and beautiful. I downloaded this for my son, but he skips scenes I found myself starting the application to see what I was missing. My favorite is the quadrapus. The notes are beautiful.
Love love love it Magical and creative A musical and visual rabbit hole to a Wonderlandesque universe
Love this My 2 daughters love this adorable apps. They giggled a lot while playing this.
