Its a good game You can, unlike in other reviews, erase and move things...I'm on a nexus 6 and never had a crash... The world I'm in is kind of quiet but that's okay. The game moves at a relaxing pace and I never feel like I have to buy things as long as I have patience... Would like to see people moving on the streets to add so ambiance to the city
Yeah, I'd give 10 stars if I could. This is probably the best game on the phone I have ever played.  It took me a couple of weeks of trial and error to figure out what all of the tabs were and the resources, but once you've got it, it's completely awesome
Greeeaat game Good Civ clone, best of all the Android versions. Puts DomiNations to shame, lots cheaper too.
Highly enjoyable Thoroughly enjoying playing. Towns develop at a steady pace and you don't have to pay to do it. It does speed things up mind you
Awesome game   I wish the screen would flip over when holding the phone the other way though.
Money not needed. Ignore the P2W reviews on this game. I am at the end of Early Middle Ages and have not spent a single dollar on diamonds. You can get them in certain quests if you're not skipping every one you can't be bothered doing. Take the time to do your given quests and you will be rewarded. The only thing lacking is that to join guilds and guild v guild battles l, you need to be on PC. However I joined a guild on PC and havent used it since
Money is not required Very fun game to play. You can progress slightly faster if you buy diamonds but you unlock everything at a similar pace with or without them. Also if someone does buy a building with diamonds its only a temp boost because soon you will research a better building which you can buy with in game resources.      I really like how they kept it fair for people who don't wish to pay, so they won't get left in the dust.
Good game Its a good game, and I hear that their adding guilds Well if that's so then all I ask it that there be more uses for gold...I have like 2k and only a couple hundred material. So if u could, oh idk, trade gold for material or for goods.
Note 5 I played browser ver long before app arrived. Loathe the new mail system I've historical just deleted msgs unread, lol, which is harder to do now ah well I've been playing about two years and have no real complaints. Probably use the app more than browser, but you will want and need to go there sometimes 
Great game This game progresses at a steady rate while remaining addictive.
Excellent game Love this game Easy to play and not discouraging if you play it for free. No need to purchase anything.
