Great One of the best games I've played on mobile. Low power consumption, super fun, great puzzles
Fantastic Game This is an absolute gem of a game, very addictive and fun and can be quite challenging if trying to 3 star some levels. Well worth the small amount of money spent for the amount of detail and creativity in this game. 5
It's fun When I played the first one k wasn't sure but once I purchased this one I really got into it. It's both challenging and enjoyable, and if for any reason you feel like it's getting repetitive, it proves you wrong with a new thing
Need more games like this lt3 No annoying ads, no energy system or weird gameplay restrictions... just pure, physicsbased fun. Difficulty balance is perfect, too.
Quick fix and lovin it. EDIT after all stars Update broke the game, but dev team quickly made a fix and updated the game. Great time waster and has hours of entertainment.  EDIT Completed the game and collected all stars and eggs, BUT idk why im missing achievements for like Complete chapter 5. Have all stars so should have em.  Still 5 star rating, but something i noticed.
Light and fun Simple game but fun in an angry birds kind of way. Perfect for mobile, good graphics.
First app i,ve ever purchased I really loved the first part hope that this new part would be even better
Really nice app  Very glad this app is purchase only and has no ads, as it is well worth 10p but would lose it's touch quickly if I were blasted with ads instead
Fun Great, charming casual game.
Good fun, great staying power Great way to challenge your logic while you have short time on hand
Puzzles worth every penny The puzzles in this game range from simple to seemingly impossible. It's a great way to pass the time for a few pennies, especially if you like a challenge, the hour of blank staring and the eureka moment which follows. No ads.
Very addictive If I can't do a level. Put it down and do later haha. Awesome addictive game.
Oil Fun What I like most is the personality and unique visuals. The gameplay is common in most physics based games, but the charm and seamless play makes this a great app to buy.
So addicting it keeps me away from Crack The backgrounds are masterful art work and we'll designed. The puzzles are a bit slow but that's what you want with this type of game.
Thank you for fixing it After the update it was crashing on startup but you released an update quickly after to fix the problem thank you very much I appreciate it because the game is addictive 
Back in the game Can't recommend it enough Crashing issue fixed after 2 days of an errant update. Brilliant puzzle game, highly recommended
Great game, hard at times but always fair. Loved the first game and love this one just as much. Its one of the rare games on the market that doesn't try to get in you wallet every 5 minutes. I haven't spent a single dollar so far and frankly it's not required to enjoy the game at all. If you love physics based puzzle games this is a must play.
Hooked. Gogo buy it now Incredible machine lite. Very playable without iap's, but fiendishly hard to 3 every level.
Addicting. A nice balance of frustrating and addicting. Definitely recommended.
Fun game Smart A nice game to pass the time with with new challenges all the time to complete Definetly recomended and defonetly worth the money to buy
Good simple fun Great game, nice take on physics puzzlers
Great game So  addictive it should carry a warning 
Great simple clean and fun
Cool game to chill with. If you are looking for a brain teasing, yet relaxing game to play, then this is for you It looks stunning on my Samsung edge
Amazing. The only phone game I've wanted to get all the achievements for even though no one will see them. Brilliant.
Not a single crash or bug Good design. Fun levels. Totally recommend
Feed Me Oil Love This Game
