Thankyou Thankyou for fixing it i have played this to death but still cant stop... completed every save slot as every characters with all emeralds I have to delete one so i can play through again
Thank you for fixing the app I honestly thought that this app was never going to be updated since the last update was in 2013 or 2014 anyway, this app is amazing and I am glad to see the game is fixed.
Multiplayer problem Game crashes trying play multiplayer on s6.. But on my asus memo pad and galaxy s3 everything works fine.. So i guess problem is in newest os android 5.. Just info for those who have problems playing multiplayer.. Game is awesome as allways,and multiplayer is fantastic ,cheers 
Epic This is so awesome The new debug items make getting Super form so much faster. But there are way too many springs... Still very awesome. Also, why not have a dpad like the Sonic CD port
New updates need Hi I remember all the scrap stages you should used the a change idea make it new a time for new thing back to Mr Needle  Mouse  include mighty Ray espio all clasic a new challenge and chapter
Best sonic 2 port ever I have been longing to play this since I bought it, but now that the bug was fixed, I can finally get super sonic again Thanks a bundle
Awesome Christian whitehead team is doing a great job relaunching classic sonic games for the new plataforms, but this one has overpassed my expectations This game is perfect, also, Hidden Palace zone and the 2 player versus are superb I wasn't expecting new zones to play, they are really fun to play in versus. Edit the game is now working perfectly, thanks SEGA, we surely appreciate it
Doesn't work, get a message. Please fix this. Doesn't work on my galaxy note 4 with 4.4.4 firmware. A message appears saying that the game has stopped... It's a shame because this is my favourite Sonic game and would love to own it on my phone.. would happily rate it 5 stars when fixed. Sent email and hopping it will get sorted.
Wanna get debug mode and super sonic YOU GOT IT Press no save mode when Sega sound comes tap S,E,G,A then swipe up after that for all emeralds 4,1,2,6 then you hear ring chime then to debug 1,9,9,2,1,1,2,4 there you go that how you get debug and super sonic, enjoy waring sound test don't work in sonic 1 only sonic 2, and troll tails  bye everyone
Amazing port of a Classic The best version of Sonic 2 you can play. I would highly recommend a Bluetooth ControllerI use an iPega, but the touch controls work okay. Really hoping to see a release of Sonic 3 and Knuckles in the same stunning fashion D
Excellent remaster This remaster is amazing. The proper widescreen and HD resolution really help with viability and clarity, the game simply looks stunning and runs flawlessly. Ability to play as Tails and Knuckles from the beginning is great. Controls take getting used to, but they are customizable by size and placement. Overall, amazing package for only 3.
Amazing Game is perfect and multiplayer is cool.. My only gripe is the controls.. Can't wait to see the official sonic 3 port fingers crossed is it coming Sega
Thank you Sega of America Finally it has come to mobile, making it's mark to the top once again. Challenging, yes. Boring, no. This wastes battery, but who cares It's a great game, maybe the best of all mobile games.
Fantastic port Crisp and fluid graphics. The main menu is a really nice touch and I love the option to switch between the Japan,  US and EU box art. Unfortunately I am not able to connect to the Leader Boards or Achievements.  UPDATE The Google icon at the bottom right of the main menu signs you into Google Play. Once signed in, Achievements and Leader Boards are accessible.
I love Classic sonic games but the thing is that I reely wish that they could have gyro controls for special stages but still it's a awesome game,and I think tails is broken cuz he can fly. P.S I love tails
THE FIX IS ALMOST AS GOOD AS ME I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it.
Very very good. Sonic 2 was my childhood. This port makes me feel like a kid again. Controls like you would expect it will with a touch screen but after some adjustment is very playable. Best 3 i ever spent for an Android game.
Super cool now I was born in 89 so the first game my dad showed me was his MD classic sonic 2.
Please add cloud saves Love this game but I don't want to restart everything when I get a new phone or uninstall the app to temporarily make space for something else so cloud saves would be a big help
Just like the good old days. I wasn't around when it originally came out,but iv seen it and it looks like it did in 199something
For People asking for Sonic 3 If you want Sonic 3 to be remastered in this style, you can help There is a petition created by the 2 guys who remastered this game to help Sega realize that the people want Sonic 3 Please search for it and sign it
