Love it Like the features. Best one. Only complaint is if I double click in pack I prefer it to go down on the stack rather than suit piles if possible. Make sense
Better than other free solitaire I had a different free solitaire game, but it kept crashing on my Android. I switched to this and like it better. Less ads. And on single card deal as soon as all cards are uncovered, it will auto finish versus the other where you have to get to one card left in the deck, too.
Classic title done right. After installing and subsequently uninstalling several Solitaire variations, clones and ports from my phone, I've finally found one worth keeping. The ads aren't anoying in the sense that they don't pop out while you are playing. Believe me, I've seen that A LOT and you can both drag or tap the cards to move them, a feature I haven't seen in any other android version of this classic. Nice going.
Nice game It's a great app for solitaire. It's nice you can change the settings. Only bad part about it is the ads.
Just for fun Really like playing solitaire in my free time or when things get boring. Gives me something to do. I like this version the best. It's just more fun and simple to navigate and operate Thanks
Love Brainiumit's responsive, challenging, fun. Solitaire is a no brainer for me. I play it to relax  take my mind off other things. It is a great distraction for me. I do not care for the games that pop up, though. If I wanted to play those, I would that annoyance could stop. Otherwise, I am happy with just my Brainium solitaire.
THE best Solitaire app This is how I enjoy a little me time. None of the others can compare to this one. Never had any problems or glitches. Thank you
Solitaire is so relaxing  TigerLady780 When I sit down to play solitaire, I begin to relax and let my stressful day fall by the waste side  If you're like me, you just want to relax at the end of the day, well playing this game does it for me Give it a try
Solitaire This is the real deal. No glitches, works just as well as the game on my laptop The ads only come up in between games and you just click the X. I love this
Love it So far so good. Don't know what everyone is saying about it not having winning games. I'm crushing every one Ads do pop up but not bad at all. Great free app
Favorite game I'm addicted to this game. It's perfect. Played it for years on various android devices. Now on my note 5 and it's even better. Thanks for a solid build Non abtrusive ads. Well thought out.
Best free  standard solitaire This is the best free solitaire game that I have found. I wanted the standard solitaire game that you can drag the cards if you want, but you can just tap on the card and it will go where it is supposed to go. They all have ads...I mean that's how it can be free for us....but this version has unobtrusive ads that come up between games but they are not obnoxious and you can easily click the x and clear the ad and move on to your next game.
ADDICTED Fun game the way it can be customized is very cool. I have used different pix from my own Gallery to make it even more addictive. I love it
Best Solitaire A  Keep up the good work UPDATE  This app has crashed, frozen and just stopped working so many times in the past few weeks, I have to adjust my review.   Please fix  this use to be a great app
Solitaire ENTERTAINING AND YET A GAME THAT HAS THOUGHT PROVOKING SITUATIONS.  MOST ENJOYABLE, and can be played in a short amount of time.
Solitaire I always play helps pass the time as well as see if I can get it the first three tries  or not. Also I try to beat the best time, not quite fast enough yet no worries. Thanks always a classic
200 percent win glitch First reset your stats if you've played at all.  When playing and you come to a dead end click Restart before hitting New Game, this does not count as a loss in your stats.  Keep doing this until you win a game. I didn't notice this until i won a second game with this method, but if you check your stats immediately after you win a second game your win percentage will be over 100 percent
Great This is great game Ads are unobtrusive and only come up intermittently between games.
