Love Lyft FOR A FREE 50 CREDIT TODAY ONLY Download App  enter code BMP84 into payment code before you request your first ride
Use coupon GOOGLEPLAY753242 for 30 toward your first ride I use Lyft almost exclusively now. Service is on par and often better than Uber. Lyft Line makes cab rides affordable and they have enough cars in Manhattan that you rarely have to wait for your cab to arrive.
Use coupon NAMEET753242 for 30 toward your first ride I use Lyft almost exclusively now. Service is on par and often better than Uber. Lyft Line makes cab rides affordable and they have enough cars in Manhattan that you rarely have to wait for your cab to arrive.
Waaaay better than uber The drivers are filtered and are smaller chances to get a non english speaker or a crippy driver. The cars are more decent for basic service and the drivers have more knowledge about how to use the app or gps. Other than that I would suggest to do something about the pick up location because many many times it shows really off than supposed to be. Thumbs up for lyft and I hope other ppl will appreciate as much as I do
Amazing all around  Im a driver and i wish i could know how far someone is going when they request a ride.
Use coupon NAMEET753242 for 30 toward your first ride Love it for the Lyft line. Cheapest cab option in town.
I love must. It's very friendly for Driver and riders , it is very safe reasonable and I recommend to anybody . To compare with uber, Lyft is amazing
Use GOLDEN17 as the code and first time passengers can use to get 20 off their first ride Put the code in the payment add Lyft credit code section of the app and then request a Lyft Have a friend do the same and make it 20 off the return trip Round trip
Use coupon JACK404355 for 40 off your first ride I use Lyft everyday for my commute. Lyft drivers tend to be friendlier than Ubrr drivers anecdotally and rides tend to be cheaper.
If you enter the code RIDEBOSTON in the Payment section of the app, it will give you 70 worth of ride credit as a new user
50 credit with code ITSFREE  Special promo free 50 credit when you enter code ITSFREE before your first ride. Enjoy 
Nice application It's very useful to get ride whenever you like.  Payment method is very comfortable and ease.
Awesome I love Lyft. Way better drivers and experience than Uber These guys actually have great personalities.
Love it Works really well No hiccups and I love that I can tip the driver. Uber doesn't have the tipping functionality and that's why I use Lyft instead.
FREE 30 with code ANJNA1 Free 30 for your new account with this code ANJNA1 This code works in all cities, with no exceptions, and no hassles Don't make the mistake of losing your new customer credit opportunity by entering some other code that is expired, or only valid in a particular city 
Almost 2 years on the job working for lyft This job has been extremely empowering, for a free ride credit use Timothy3 in the payment section before your first free ride. i love Lyft
Great App with friendly drivers. Enter ICANLYFTUUP for a credit towards your first ride.
Use code VASUDHA2 for 35 in free credit Lyft is awesome and their service is far better than Uber. I would pick lyft every time over Uber. I also recommend checking out sidecar.
The Best 5 Star App Love LYFT  Use CODE4FREELYFT for up to 10 off each of your first 5 rides.  50 total.
Great way to get around ,great drivers Enter BRIANFREE50 for 50 dollars credit on your account when you download and sign up.
Great app. As a driver it's much more stable and consistent then the Uber Partner app.
Gets the job done I have had the best experiences with lyft. I appreciate  both drivers and riders who use pictures, as I have been on both sides.
Great App for driver and passenger Use my code, COLBY68, and we both win  you get a free 25 credit on your account Thanks and enjoy
Personable drivers Works well. Intuitive.
Fantastic service As a userdriver I have no complaints. Just keep your price schedule fair don't fleece your drivers and we're good.
Lyft need to work on the app a customers can request the driver they want. All the customer i had  they want me again and they cant request me.
