This app is a keeper Enjoy learning new words and the meaning of the words. This is a good way to build up your vocabulary. I like how sentences are given so you have a better understanding of how a particular word is used. Another feature that I like is the auto pronunciation. There are some words that I'm not sure how to pronounce so that feature comes in real handy.l
Keeps you on your toes You think you know the meaning of a word but unbeknownst to you it has multiple meanings or words you never heard of....lol fun game to play with your family also. I played against my sister on who knew the most words it was a fun night. Awesome game to keep you brain running and not become lazy. Great game
Very useful app This app has highly desired features like pronunciations and word use in a sentence. Great way to build vocabulary skills especially while stationery when out and about. One tiny problem, the sentence examples doesn't always clarify the word's meaning.
One app I WILL NOT be removing from my phone  The Vocabulary Builder is challenging but not in a frustrating way  I like that if I don't know the definition, I can choose to have it given to me so that the next time the word comes around, I'll know it  Brains need a work out just as much as the body and this app definitely fulfills that  Thanks for the workout
It is very useful to improve communication skills in English particularly to those who wish to pursue further studies in USA, UK, CANADA, AUSTRALIA and other countries. It is also helpful for unemployees in nonenglish speaking countries to imrove their word power so that they can get employment opportunities in foreign countries.
Fun and useful The only thing I don't like about this app is that I learned that my vocabulary is not as extensive and impressive as I had assumed. It's a fun way to learn new words for writers and word geeks.
True to its name The application is user friendly. It involves features such as games among other things that makes vocabulary improvement a fun activity. However, as many people have pointed out, the application does have a small share of meanings that are subject to dispute when used in different contexts.
Awesome Very useful app... Use it as often as I can, because my vocab ain't all that great. I'm learning words I never knew before. Thanks creaters if this app. I needed it.
It actually does help I love how it not only gives you the definition but also gives examples of how it is used in sentences. Also noticed as you progress you learn synonyms of some previous words. The way it's set up not only helps you learn, but makes it fun. Try it, you won't regret it
Fantastic I always wanted to enhance my vocabulary. I used to use the dictionary a lot, but know i can use it every day . Without all they weight of a traditional book.  Thax a lot vocabulary builder
LOVE IT A LOT  I AM A WORDY AT HEART ... LOVE USING WORDS AND KNOWLEDGE...IT'S POWER  jlm
Helpful I'm not confident in my understanding of many difficult vocabulary words, and this app has taught me a lot I'd rather spend my extra time learning with this app, than playing a game that fries my brain
Useful app There are a lot of words I didn't know, especially in the SAT section. In conclusion, it's an interesting way to learn new vocabulary and improve our English
Excellent app Me old English teacher Mrs. Ferguson said that English would be forever as foreign to me as fidelity. Ha That old shrivelled bat should see me now. Doubt she ever could though, had on thick glasses like ice cubes Mrs. Ferguson did. Anyways I'm straight aces on my vocab now. Playing it like a pro son. Get this app. It's more fun than an orgy and way more educational. Cheers
Great app This app is very helpful to increase ones vocabulary. I find myself going to this when I have a minute. One thing I think is backwards is we should be able to hear the word before we choose the definition.
Cool n fun. Think there are slight meaning variations in American n Queens English. Sure u'll love it.
Magoosh app loved it It is really a good app I Really love to do practise on it. When Ya start practicing it Ya will never get bored thats really something great.... 5  Awesome Guys thanks for making such app 
Loved It I really enjoyed this app. It refreshes your memory of previous words that you may have forgotten and acknowledges you of new words.  It's a pretty fun way to spend your leisure time than playing some type of nonsense game or on social media.
Learning is fun It's really a nice app. Works like a teacher and it will leave you learned if you fail to find out the absolute meaning at first.
Magoosh's Vocab Builder is a great way to study on the go  I recently took a trip across the country and used the app to pass time on flights and in airports.  This is a solid choice whether you're prepping for a test like the GRE or just want to expand your vocabulary.  The aesthetic of the app is also great  it's very simple and clean, but colorful and engaging.
