Just what I was looking for This game just has that little fill in your break days at work and that after hours lay down before bed addiction. I will say however the paid hero's are not only weak compared to the first hero you get but they are expensive...like more then the game itself expensive p but great work Iron
Great game This game is much harder than the original Kingdom Rush, but I'd probably lean towards it in terms of which I favor. Different enemies result in different mechanics. Definitely buying Frontier once I get all stars
Love it Its really impressive I love the art and mechanics of the game. It takes strategy gaming to an all new level. Great job guys keep it up.
The most polished Kingdom rush. Yet the one I enjoy the least. Still an amazing game,  although the elvish theme gets a little old quick.
GET THIS  Not too many other TD games can hang with such a solid competitor known as Kingdom Rush Origins. Definitely one of the best Tower Defense games available on Google Play. Nexus 6 running Android 5.1.1
Best TD ever D A bit of money like 11 bucks but only becuse i wanted a better hero its a great game and realy nice graphics keep up the good work
I loved it i love it. first time,i think this game just like another TD game. but,when i play it, i know that this is the best game ever. i have play kingdom rush, kingdom rush frontier, and now kingdom rush origin. it a best game ever. thank you verymuch ironhide.
Great game Highly addicting, will there be another one If so when will it come out
Thanks for supporting Oneplus One All issues seems to be fixed Thanks ironhide, one last important improvement cloud saving.
Great game The upgrade system is very unique, being able to reset your upgrades and attribute the starscoins to something else between battles is very useful
Nice game Thx to fix cyanogen mod, before i cant download update kingdom rush origins.. Now i can download..
Game doesn't start I played the game a few months ago, but since the last update the game doesn't want to start. You need to restart the game at least 20 times and even then it doesn't always work I am changing my rating to 1 star until they fix the game
Great but.. Great game and challenging. But the real challenge is KR frontiers bonusextra levels. Hardest so far.. a bit irrelevant to this, but fyi.. love the game and background scenery for levelsMakes me think if LOTR probably the goal
Awesome as ever Can't go wrong one of the best tower defense game series out there the story is a great addition too
Amazingly Awesome Really. The graphics are amazing, runs smoothly, doesn't lag. The levels are toug but I love challenging games. I wish that they would have an update so that we can save Data in case of Crashes or Accidental Deletes. I lost my Progress once... Hope I dont lose another 100 or so stars.
OMG I was kinda heart broken when I read that this wasn't going to be released on PC but I'm gonna get it right now 
Awesome game... But l think you should let players buy the other heroes with gems,even if they are expensive like 30k or more
Kingdom rush origins is epic Epic strategy and tower defense game with AWESOME STORY LINE
Great A very good prequel to Kingdom Rush, improved game design, really liking it.
Great time killing game An awesome game that doesn't even require good cell service to play
