fun... I had fun whaen playing the game.........but the thing is i just do all the things in purpose ..... ya ya i know i know ...... aspecialy the do not lick the pole thingie....... but i realy love the game.
VERY FUN This game is very fun It keeps  you occupiedyou should get this game also get Dumb ways to die the first one it is very fun
Superb game I just love the way f gme..dumb way to die is such an awesome game...I'll paly this gme wen I get worries and disappointments ..Caz its such an enthusiastic gme luv this s app
Peter Gilbert Good waste Of time. recomend for those Who play dumb ways to die.  Also helps to wake me up in the mornings.
I love this game Your all haters i mram i understand that little kids get nightmares from it . but i love this game IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT  just saying 
Dumb ways to die. It's funny,you have to be on the ball. Iam not a video payor since pacman days,but now......
Dumb ways to die 2 Best ever game I've played.... Awesome....loved it
 Lmao Its been a long time since I've enjoyed a game as funny as this Thank you Can't sleep or got alot on your mind This is the answer to ease your stress
Cant stop laughing. Awesome game . Cant control my laugh . Beautifully designed. Must download.
Im cool with someone You can.  die.  Sad. But you get a bless day and night I love it was good and bad I guess I should be fine but I'm sure I love the blue car right now and then the family members who is going to go back in town of your way home now and Liam is the blue jays game in a great position and then we have been working on it up to make the most important thing is that you so much more information about the family.                          
Awesome I love this game so much but this one that I can't really get this is a really fun game though
I Love It lt3 OMG  This game so rocks , Its fun ,cool and amazing . You all better try it D
PERFECTO I saw this game in fgteev and they said dumbs way to live I was like what but fun game keep the good work and plus make dumbs way to die 3
I love love love it This game is a lot of fun for people who are addicted a lot to game and seem to be seaching for new games always and i feel you must surely try this
