REVIEW Great game,highly addictive and runs like a dream on the hudl 2 with graphics maxed out. Controls are responsive I use tilt and no IAP's ...all this fun for less than a quid. Easy 5 stars.
Number 3 or 4 idea I think you should make an open world version where you can go around in a bigass lake
Great I love this game,  I've just got it, but I'm so addicted to it.  can't wait to play it again and again.
Epic This game is fantastic. Normally I don't buy games on the play store using my money, only getting the free ones, but thanks to the google reward scheme I was able to get this and the game is fantastic. Definitely worth the 69p but feels like a 5 game.
OMG  Buy this game This game is incredible  The graphics and physics are so amazing  Great job developers  You guys rock  This game runs awesome on my Nexus 7 1st Gen  Thank you guys for an incredible game
its a blast but gp2 is even better asus infinity tab jb. a great game that works well. if you like and you will try gp2 hard to believe but it is even better. better play, awesome graphics. wish more games were done this well.
Plays Great With A Moga Controller Had a problem emailed support and they responded quickly with a solution, great support Buy with confidence. Galaxy Note 2 running 4.3 using a Moga Pro  Power Pro controllers. Great graphics, soundtrack  FX. Moga controllers really make the game a blast to play. Very happy with this purchase Support devs who provide Moga Support in their games.
Fantastic in every way Love racing You'll dig the dynamics of Riptide. Realistic water feeling, impressive
Super Duper Game This is the best racing game for android. Maybe the world Riptide 2 sucks hard.
Fantastic Game Consistent updates to improve an already awesome game. Both this game and its successor are well worth paying for.
Samsung Galaxy Tab A Still an Awesome game after 3 years, fluid graphics, lots of race tracks, n good electronic music 
Best Game Eva One day I wanted to play an action game. My friend recommended it to me and now I cant stop playing I love it Got to get back to Riptide GP now.....
Awesome game. I got all but secret achievement, it is possible in hard but photon is required, you need to hug corners and not use ramps, it'll take a while but patience is key. You guys should lower the ai a lil on hard though kinda ridiculous that you need a photon just to be in 5th place
Simply The Best This game blows me away. Best racing game ever. Beautiful graphics, music. Lots of fun. Worth every penny. Only 1 Get it
Amazing First Tegra 3 game I got  I wasn't disappointed, grab it even if you don't have a Tegra device it works great on my Nexus 7 2013 too. Much better than the sequel simple because it's not pay to win XD
A great game. Unlike many app games, Riptide GP is a real joy to play yes  2 is even better.  The graphics, gameplay, and overall interaction makes it one of the best games regardless of classification.  It is a game I highly recommend to anyone looking for a quality app game.
THE BEST GAME EVER if your a gamer and u like racing games than GET THIS GAME
Beautiful Great all round game, probably the best use of vector's engine. Its fluid and seems efficient, ran smooth even on my cheap knockoff tablet don't buy a pendo pad, or if you do pick very carefully. Runs perfect on our htc sensation 4G and this LG G3.
Great game Nice graphic and smooth on my s2. Would be good if i could hear engine revs. 
I have both Rip tide  gp.  All though I don't pay for games this is my fav. Game Rtgp... I highly recommend you get it. .
RT 1  2...Just buy them both  Both games deserve to be on the list of best small platform games ever developed.
Novel racing game Coolidea for a racing game. The water looks great and feels really physical, if you hit a wake it can slow you down as you'd expect. Jumps and tricks look good. AI is competitive at all levels and the more powerful jetskis are a lot of fun.
Fantastic racer This is the best racing game I've played on a phone. Only 79p Awesome gameplay, awesome graphics, unlockables in game but no stupid in app purchases. Perfect. Hope this company do more games
I love this game Very entertained and time killer Graphics and music are amazing.  It is high recommend
Man up A proper game, power wheelies, and plenty of jumps. Time 2 man up
Fun Fun game it has great graphics and runs very smoothly , reminds my of when is used to play arcade machines .
Awesome wish I had the money for 2 I did not know about the 2nd game til after I bought this one but it doesn't matter this game is great and with a controller it is epic love this game
Hours of fun I love the graphics , multiple. levels,   options . A great game worth the money.
Full game without IAP Full game with none of the inapp purchase nonsense. Awesome game. It's short but very addictive and fun to play. Also great for bumping up your XP stat.  I'll probably buy the second installment of this series even though that one has the dreaded IAP
