 So many different animals They are adorable I understand why u have to pay these games cost a lot of money to make. So I don't mind the amount of money 2.99. The cats,dogs,Guinea pigs,hamsters ,snakes,lizards,rabbits,turtles,birds and pigs,so cute I love this game.       In the updates could you add some spiders and mice and other types of dogs like poodles or jackrussels , also could you make it so you can train your animals and also can you grow them to an adult after a few days or weeks
Love it I love this game because my little sister likes it and so do I . also it has such cute animals  it was worth paying for I also like dog hotel
 I love it how there is loads of choice of animals and it is really funI get why you have to pay as the graphics are amazing and it probably costs a lot of money to make this game so thank you so much for your awesome games
Love it I love all of the cute little animals I love animals a lot a love cats and the cats are so cute 
Amazing Best game ever I watch seri pixel biologist And I learn all a bout animals. I want to be a zoo keeper when I grow up That's how much I love seri pixel biologist
Love it but I love but it's really time consuming and it doesn't keep the work you've made
AWESOME GAME It's so awesome and fun love it so much its swag a lish
Great app It is an awsome game that even my phone protection site approved of it and it is great for all ages that have or dont have pets. Five stars to tivola
Cool I love this but please update it so you can have multiple horses and adult horses aslwell thx xx
So awsome I love animals and love games
Looooooooooooooooooooooooove it It's so cute and fun and it makes me feel happy when I am sad.
Fun I really love this game I love the graphics and variety I'm glad I bought it D
Its worth the price
Heheheh Love
AWESOME Love it
Love it I used my allowance to get and so far worth it although there is one thing out of order. The turtles are sea turtles, you may want to fix the turtle models. Also can you make it so time does not go so fast please. Other then that love it can u please add more to it like fish.
LOOOOOOOVE IT I love animals but only thing is make the time for 20 minuets and add more animals beacause they keep pooping and stuff so were being tired also make more people to adopt
Awesome Awesome game but there should be actual baby animals and more than 1 horse stall yu should also be able to check out the home the animals go to
AWESOME I love this game It doesn't shut down on me. And it's lag free And you don't have to pay any money
Hampster care Every time i try to put the hampster materials away it comes back to my inventory 
can guinea pigs go in a tube to go outside
