It is a great game I am addicted.but why do you have to beat the meridians king twice. I haven't passed that level
Loved itBut I'm such a fan of beast quest its a great series.If there are any girls who like magical mythical beast adventure stories beast quest is the series of u cause if your anything like me you will love them.Any way can you please let us jump and fight when we're not battling wolf's or beasts cause if you could it would be great thank you
plz add more areas and more beasts.. I want to see the in game face of those other beasts like ferno, narga and more of em... sry for my English
Beast QUEST Sometimes lagging. Can you please add some more features like a cooler equipments and spells for battle like lightning and fire It would make the game more exciting if there were also more different kinds of creatures to battle with and more resources for upgrades.keep up the good work guys nice game.hoping for better updates thanks
Best game I've ever played.... Nanook's world is a lot more difficult than the other worlds...  Takes about 5 days, sepron takes 2 days... And epos only takes me to finish about 3 hours.....  Hahaha...   But try it....     Its a very nice game....
Beastly Best action questing rpg i have ever played on a mobile expand the hell out of it with content. I am seriously blown away at fun factor and complexity of the game with simple  controls very well laid out and smooth a masterpeice
.. ill Game. PS Means I'm in love with it. This game is amazing. I wonder why I didn't find it sooner. I only have one problem. Sometimes the game goes through an intense lag,  all of the sudden the controls go haywire. It's not really a big deal, but would make a great difference if y'all fixed it. Thanks for hearing me out.
I love it but..... Ok so I love this game.The only problem is that I've read almost all the books but I never remember a NanookI remember Tartok though.I looked into it and found out there is two almost different series of the Beast Quest booksMayby you can add another option for those that read the other books.
Never played a game like this before, but totally hooked love it. Amazing graphics and easy to pick up .
I like the game.at the starting it is difficult. after some days it became easyone day l was going to learn magicbut nanook kill me
Amazing and so far good ... I loved this game and the story series Beast quest and sea quest and hope that you all guys of the game producers might have put more worlds and updated with more new worlds but I really like to say that this game is really good and addictive for players like us.
I love this game a lot..... I'm waiting for the next world. completed 42 percent of epos world.....I'm very excited......is there any next world after this or is this the end of the game......plz I need some more worlds to explore.
Finally a game to my favourite book series I love it I don't care how tedious the quests are or how tough some enemies are its just the feel of the game that makes it amazing to me but I wish I could fight all the first six beasts in order of the series cause then the game can tell the story through the quests
20 fing Stars Can only give 5 but deserves 20 only suggestion I can make is award more gold amounts per victory
