The game is good It is addictive. I check my family every single day. CHEATS Birdbath you buy the pump and put 2 people on it. To change varied items tap the word family store and there will be new stuff. To make babies just keep doing the drop thing until you hear a kissing noise. And finally not feeling fresh means they need a shower
Love Big fan Love the villagers games too. Only complaint is that making money takes to long and there aren't many ways to speed that up, but still a great game
Love it When my phone got smashed, my hubby gave me his phone and bought me this app to make me feel better. I'm glad he did I've always lived this type of app.
Love this game I like the house and the different jobs and people but I'm stuck on level 8 with both the adult careers and can't seem to get passed it. And most my families are lucky to have two kids and I gave furtility shot and it seems to make it so they don't have babies. Oh and on the career level the bar has been full all day and no promotions.....oh and it seems like a long time goes by before I see any collectibles in the yard ...any suggestions
Fun game I am having so much fun watching  helping my little family its really cute the just had a baby. I like u should get the game u never know whats going to happen.
Virtual families I love this paid for game better than free,in free u can only buy food.cant cure illnesses,hiccups if u put them near bathroom sink is all u can cure..if u have a couple who work in the kitchen it can b hard to prepare a meal.so move them to the breakfe A ast bar to get them to cook.hope virtual the 2nd hurries up lol.
hi great game  how do you write a note about a family member that passed  make more rooms available to upgrade ,, make more things to buy
Favorite App I just love Virtual Families Game play is smooth and it is fun to follow a family through generations. I don't feel it takes too long to buy game money, not real money things, as this makes it more exciting to finally get it. I feel like this app, more than any other I have was developed with lots of tlc.
Umhh I like the game.., at first I was playing the LITE VERSION .. I had to download the full version, because I wanted to be able to buy things besides just food..lol I like when the ppl move fast.. otherwise it takes forever for them to get to where they're going.. PLEASE UPDATE... Theres a TON of things you guys can add to make this game even better..  
ppl wont get key from under the doormat, done it in past game now it just keeps sayin confused  sees key Also, no bugs r appearing anymore  HTC evo
