Classic Great, not ruined by too many ads or in app purchase great boredom buster, selection of different symbols and backgrounds. No reasons not to have it.
Take note, all other developers It IS possible to make a great FREE game, and not have ridiculous ads popping up every few moves, or hanging at the bottom of the screen just waiting for me to inadvertently graze it so I'm immediately taken to some link I don't want to go to Keep an eye on these guys
Nice app... Good fun and is super  awesome.  I give it a five   is the best app...history. Wow, I... Really like this game...the best one... I found.I will give you another 5  ...........this has all Verieties.
Majong Master An Amazing variation of a challenging Chinese Game that has been around for many generations. I love it and was very sad when I finished all of the levels.  I found a trick though .  Just reload game and you'll have new levels once again.
Addictive, indeed What a wellcrafted game. Beautiful backgrounds, lots of style options to choose from. Love the soothing clicking sound effects from the tiles.  
Addictive, Fun, Free I'm a MAHJONG addict, this app is great Minimal ads, customizable back grounds  tile selection keep it more fun First app to 100 impress me, GREAT JOB
Great graphics and features Easy to use.  Casual fun.  Hubby and I play rounds together and our rapid play meets with rapid response.  Fun
Fun and bug free BUT no account I love the game and love this app... it's  the second phone I download it on. The only thing I would love is if I could have an account set up to store my progress in the game. I will have to start all over now I  got a new phone, it would be nice if I could start where I left on the other phone
Addictions I've been told that I have to meny   And Now I have another one   Thank's to Mahjong Master    I Love  this app. Being able to choose the backgrounds an tiles are Bonuses ln my book    Very relaxing, ,no excess noises poppin', bangin'....  Bestival nopopups  or loosin my credits so far.  SFSG. Thanks
Beautiful design Easy to use Lovely background design choices. Tiles are very easy to read. The flow feels effortless.
This game is addicting I play it every night once I get off work to help me wind down. Absolutely love this game
Best Mahjong game No other game gives you as many levels as this one. The graphics are also the best. Nothing left to say except if you like Mahjong this is the game for you. Also, I don't know why anyone would complain about not enough levels. You get almost 1500 puzzles and for free.
It's great  It keeps me occupied for hours. When you're stuck in bed alot, it helps my mind stay active.
Just lost my place had 2 do a master reset please ,but me back were I was  will give 5 stars t u.
Having gone through nearly all levels twice i can't remember any major glitches or annoyances. Will keep you entertained for a long time.
Never played the game before now and I am absolutely addicted to it.  Played it all day and didn't get bored at all.  Love it.
Challenging  FuN Enjoy this game as the Asian Alphabet challenges my eye for detail.  Only improvement I would make if possible is to give a flash translation when the match is made before they disappear so I can get duo benefit by learning the language.  Also, it should be expressed what language this is. Otherwise, Great Game 
The best things truly are free Impressive graphics, good puzzles, very engaging without being addictive. Healthy brain food.
Distracting So far it's great I've not had any problems with it at all, other than the fact it's very distracting I really enjoy mahjong and this one is the best I've found so far for playing on my phone, really enjoyable time waster 
Graphics are great. This game keeps me up late. and that isn't bad. It keeps my attention. Play at your own risk. You might just become addicted.
Awesome  Restful, relaxing, almost meditative although I have pandora meditation on in the background.  No pressure no rush.  Simply enjoy.  Be patient.  Takes a while for eyes to pick up the images.
Good fun Challenging enough to keep you entertained yet not so difficult to be frustrating.   Love all the levels and not alot of annoying ads.
I love this game I have a lot of fun on play this game.. And in the same time is relaxing..... Love love loved.
The best I love this.  Have tried many versions.  Dislike most of them. This one is clean and straight forward with not many ads.  Fun and addictive.
Best ever I've tried other games like this an just wasn't impressed. But this one is tons of hours of fun. Love the graphics so vibrant. And love all the different level challenges. Cause even if you think you've done a pattern before don't be fooled, solving it changes every time. And with the different tile choses the game is either easier or harder too. Love this app.
Mahjong Master Great game to play when you are up in the night and can't sleep. It's relaxing enough that after a few rounds, I'm nodding off. Thankful there aren't many ads.
