I love it This game is getting me to learn and taste new foods half of these I have never heard of before so thats cool
Fun fun funfilled Thinking game that's fun for all You can play it at work at home etc. Everyone can get a chance to guess there favorite food or drink Cool beans D
Great game to play with the kids while on break at my son's baseball game. Everyone knows one
Nice nice Need to thing in obviously names of items we never really see it
Love it Just downloaded it and its pretty easy, time wasting fun. Nice for when I'm on break at work
Challenging because there are a lot of brands from all over. Learn new brand names from places you have never been and try to remember the logos of the ones you see every day.
I love this game so much  It's a funfilled game Me and my friends enjoyed it a lot. You must play it, no regrets Just fun. 
Great game Love the game, it's a fun game to play. It challenges you and keeps you guessing.
I love it Its a great game for when my grandkids come over and wanna use my phone now i have something for them to.do and sit down
Fun A fun and entertaining game you'll love
Pretty cool Makes you think, there's a lot of new things
Guess food Some guessing games make you go in a certain order like this one others have levels and after you solve soo many it unlocks another level this game doesnt do that
Awesomee Very funn. I have a 6 hour train ride coming up and this is the perfect game.
Great Easy and there were some things that i have eaten but i didnt know the name of them  but its a fun thinking game
I like it I like it alot So fun  challenging I would defenetly tell my friends about this game
so much fun this game is loads of fun.  runs smooth. great way to pass time.
Best game ever Idk it said it would give me 200 coins to rate it a 5
Like it So far it has been fun and have not had any issues
So much food great game I love all the passion they put into it so much food of course.
Free 200 Coins Just need the coins game pretty cool so far only on level 8
Awesome I love this game is so fun and frustrating. Love love love it
What food I love to play this game so much   lt3 D
Good brain game It's a great game , but really hard and I had no  trouble with it .
Sooooo easy I'm only writing a review because I just want the free 200 coins.
Awesome Cool no problems and......that is all. Bearly got it but awsome
Fun We will know the foods but I always forget how to spell them
