Awesome so far From what I've played so far, I really like the game. The story so far is great, and the characters are intriguing. Sluggish controls and user interface steeredme away from previous Kemco games that I've tried. No complaints with the controls or anything for that matter in this game so far. I'll play more and update if that changes for me.
Best Kemco title in a few months. Battle system is solid, the jewel system is well rounded as to not create to strong a character to soon, characters are fun and interesting, graphics are second to none in the genre. Overall I'd say this is my favorite title yet
Best one so far, love the story and the characters, but most of all love the character relationship system where you are given a dialog to choose to gain their trust, it feels like I'm playing a VN and RPG at the same time Hope there will be more game like this in the future....Keep it up Kemco
Very well done. I have enjoyed the game so far. Nice controls, engaging storyline, easy to follow battle system. Jewel synthesizing is a little confusing, but honestly, it just might be me. Overall, a good game with the money
Best RPG I've played on andriod I played this game for 54 hours and I'm still not done with it. Not only is there a lot of content in this game, but the dailog is well written outside of a few grammatical errors. The combat system is great as well making you use strategy and if you find the game easy there are 4 adjustable diffculty levels. Totally worth the price you pay for it, this is the best game you can buy from Kemco.
Yet another amazing game. Simple breath taking storyline. The characters are well done. The graphics are awesome. Love all the games you guys put out. One thing I would like to see more off is, secret enemies like in Crysterio where after defeating them you points to buy iap stuff.
Good RPG brings me to the good old days The game is awesome so far and I like the story, I'm already starting.g to pic up on the characters and there single stories and I really like how there's comedy with the seriousness of the plot. The creators did a great jib and hope they make more games in the same fashion, inform me plz if you do have other games
Story driven, old school rpg Really loving this game so far The story is great  I love the dialogues among the characters, which are all very unique from one another. Battles are fun, and there is even an auto attack system for when you feel like doing lazy leveling. There's lots to explore too, including secret chests to find. And no forced purchases. Love it
Just pure plain fun Great game controls are a little bit frustrating but love the Rubix augment game play is great overall.  Dialogue is quirky and cute and 3 games in 1 month outstanding it's better than Halloween candy by way of trick or treating can't wait for the next release thank you kemco
One of the best This has to be one of the best games published by kemco to date, I have a large majority of their games and this one is my personal favorite, next to symphony of the origin. The plot is great, the characters have depth and personality and the battle system is superb The jewel system reminds me a lot of the materia system in FF7, but tweaked a bit. Its still nice though Keep it t up kemco
A legitimate rpg I honestly have nothing to complain about, the gameplay is solid incorporating a vairty of mechanics like skills magic formations limit breaks etc, the character development is incredible love Felix and the graphics aren't that bad. The story however is a bit mediocre but I am at the beginning and the monster designs are okay. Overall a solid RPG that I fully recommend.
Great game I own 6 kemco games so far and have only played and finished chrome wolf. I completely adore old school turn based games and this is no exception. I've sunk 30 hours into chrome wolf and could easily see myself sinking more into this one. Would love it tho if it had chrome wolf's custom auto attacks as I like to grind alot and having the auto button do more than just normal attacks would be very helpful.
Very impressive This is one of kemcos achievements.  Ive steered away from other of their games for a number of reasons such as bad translation to just dull storyline and boring gameplay.  These problems have been resolved.  The translation is done well, the story is fun and lighthearted with good humor.  The major improvement is the battle system utilizing many ideas from earlier games and combining them to make a simple yet complex game that doesnt become dull within 30 minutes.
Throwback to the old days reminiscent of the old school RPGs. So far not overly challenging, but there are different difficulty sections to try. Nice systems implemented, although I hate the idea of micro transactions in the game to buy better gear. This isn't an mmorpg, and I would prefer if it stayed away from that area of marketing. Additionally, make side quests available before and after you leave an area, not just after. Of you want a more in depth review, contact me directly.
Asdivine hearts review Amazing game I loved it easy mode is easy normal is balanced out and they have two really hard version making good replay value
Cool game Its one of the best android RPGs I've played and was worth the money I'll be sure to tell my friends about it The characters and story line is well thought out and it keeps you hooked. The graphics aren't to bad it looks like a game made for GBA but still amazing. Overall great game and would recommend it if you like RPGs
Kemco does it again What do you get when you combine an orphan boy, his lovesick childhood friend, a mysterious girl, an independant priestess, and a goddess who's stuck in a cat A totally awesome RPG adventure Keep it up
Well worth the money A fantastic game and well worth splashing out your money on. Great characters and a good plot. Five stars.
Best 2D RPG by EXE Create so far Waited for this for months after sampling the Japanese version some time earlier in the year.  As expected,  by far the best EXE Create RPG 2D and worth every cent.  Decent story, great characters, better battle balance, improved 2D animations and great length of playtime.
