Poker Hopefully can get more luck always but i know this system has been setting as real life. Play 10 times win 1 times. Don too serious on game for the gamble guys.
Great game. However did not receive my 177 status points with chip purchase. How do I resolve this error
Rca pro tablet Its fun,but it seems rigged. When u get hot u have to bust there head's
Great game. Only thing I wish could change is the amount of the bet you use when playing the slot machine
Wish we could play real  If you read the complaints, it's all the same conspiracy talk you find on any poker site or app. Folks, it's not rigged, it's a game of chance To those complaining about crappy opponents, just take their chips away and move up This app is great, love the smooth gameplay, and fast tables.
Game problems I love people who lose and say the game is rigged I bet 99 of those people are the same ones who go all in or raise every hand they play.... No wonder you lost u suck at poker play something else losers
Awesome realistic hands Fast, smooth  game play with various standardized premade quick responses.....the game is terrific. ...the only 2 improvements I would recommend. ..a.  Alow any amount of chips to be sent to friends... b.  Allow conversations beyond game play...maybe friend msgs. to be read upon signing on.
The best the other poker fake. An you learn more about the game. Plus my starsskills getting better...6 The best the other poker fake. An you learn more about the game. Plus my starsskills getting better...6 stars
I lost my life to this Went through all mine and my wife's money, then started selling the children as sex slaves, sold the dog, I'm lost
Great game Only thing is, when you start everyone always goes all in.
great game kills time. but gotta wait so long for free money needs shorter wait for money
Update..11112015 the longer you play the game you will notice alot of crappy disconnections or glitches as they call it. And on the processes, you lost chips on the beat. When in fact you have a full bar signal of your 4g connection from your service provider and using your 5.7 smart phone..it really sucks big time..  
