Awesome game Add more vehicles and more realistic sound and better graphics plz and reply Mr Bowen and make it where you can enter the pull track on Farming USA  it would mean a lot keep these in mind and tell me what you think of my suggestions are you going to make a drag racing game soon called drag racing usa plz anwser Mr Bowen can you reply plz
Best game ever I've beaten the whole game and have everything unlocked. Great game Adding some more stuff would be awesome. Even if we had to pay for it I'd do it Maybe a build your own puller feature would be sick
Awesome Love this game. Has great sound and looks. Hope to get more updates and addons to make the game bigger and better. Do wish I could customize my rides like paint schemes,weight boxes,and header styles just to had some personal touches.
Awesome game Only problem is gas and clutch falls. But would love vehicle customization like color, tires gripsize, rims, maybe decal kits, ride height, and what would be cool if you could pick what size exhaust tips or change from the stock exhaust to stacks..
I think it's a great game but the only problem I keep haveing is the gas an clutch pedal fall back down win I'm pulling if anyone else isn't having this problem let me know I might have to get a nother phone I have a new HTC phone but just because it's new don't mean it's not messing up thank you if it is a problem with game please fix it
Very good game Very good game but If you  could add  monster trucks that would be even better. I will give you five stars.
Great game. Need some updates. By far the best pulling game, but I'm having issues with not being able to steer the super semi. Also vehicle customizing would be a big win. Eventually maybe self tuning besides tire pressure and weight distribution.
Make a new game You should make a mud bogging USA because mudding is my favorite thing to do I mean its fun and a really addictive thing so please make a mudding usa
Best thing ever I love it but add customization options for the trucks P.S ADD MORE EVENTS LIKE TRUCK TUG OFF WAR OR OFF ROADING PLEASE
Love it but would like to have were u have more tractors and can haul it to events. And maybe we're the track gets worked on and be able to pick the spot to start off on like in real life
Good Make it to where you can customize your truck anf tractor
Good only if it had a cam where you can see in the traler
Great Thanks for adding the new pickups this is by far my favorite game can you guys make a drag racing game that would be awesome thank you for the good game and please make a drag racing one
Great I Love the game but I have a couple of suggestions. I think you should have to pay for broken axels and engines. And add season points.
I love this game only thing I dont like is the view of the inside of the vehicle needs to be more realistic. Other than that its a fun game. Keep more good games like this coming.
Really good but it needs farm tractors and should be able to build your own tractors but is is getting better
This is the best pulling game I have played on android but would be better with actual idle sounds and better real sound on all pulling vehicle. More vehicles and tracks would make this game alot better and being to actually customize the vehicles.
Lost everything again, but developer is awesome Great game, developer responds quickly  Will purchase other apps
Awesome game U should make a mudding usa game
Fix it. I love the game, it is so much fun to play when I can actually play it. Every time I play it and go to slide the petals forward the automatically slide back down for  no reason  at all. Please fix this.
Needs new tractors and classes and add a option to name or to paint the tractors
taylor bryant when is the next update for the game
Great game had an issue but it was resolved.  Thank you
Really good It is good but add real man made tracktors please
Pulling Usa Add more tractors like ss alkys tractors like stormy the commander
Great game Needs more truck
I love this game so so much awesome
Amazing.
Hi Hi
Lost all my tractors when it updated and my semi also. Thanks for fixing my problem. Now it gets 5 stars. adfc2bbb is my ID for challenges
