FIVE STAR I loved that game because it was really great and the poeple who dislike that game are enemy of this game.they disgrade them and like their published games.
Quick and fun Seems very fun offers two sides  play as infected or survivor graphics are cool even has pvp and guilds love it so far
Developers look at this and reply You need to and zombies that have low heath and when they die they release small low heath very high speed medium damage units if you do it will add a new aspect to the game
Nice Really cool game and also I love that the makers of this game ALWAYS reply than just watching your comments if you ever struggle they help you out with a few tips and also I really like this type of games than don't have blood and gores and instead they have purple goo  I would really recommend this game
Lag New Problem crash I love it but my problem is a lag and maybe have bug cause the road is invisible please fix it Thanks. Its Always Crash My Game if I Want To Fight In Missions  Guild Raid etc. Please Do not Ignore This Report I Always Loss My Stamina Even My Wifi Strong
I love it It is a great game. In my opinion the best part is that you can be a zombie or survivor or both It is an amazing game, but all amazing games have there downfall. This one is that it takes a while to load but it is usually not a problem, and I know I have bad connection where I live. All in all thumbs up. Props to the people that made this game you guys rock. 
Hate to do this but... Yes. It is a 5 star review. This kills me to do but the game is very good. Can't wait for them to screw up so I can drop this score.
it bugged i had high level Troops  it stucked in loading screen then blank blue shows ups
Nice Quick and fun. Playing both sides is awesome. You can completely play this game free if you put in the hard work which is a plus
I love it, Proletariat Inc Proletariat Inc, I love this game It has so many cool features and is handy when you're bored and you get entertained by this game Super great time passer Please reply to me and mention my name
So much fun. Theres never a dull moment playing. One of the best zombie strategy games ever
