Great game This is a great implementation of Euchre. My only complaint is it seems to cheat a bit. One of my computer opponents called trump on a suit they had none of. Suspiciously, their partner had a hand full of them, including both bowers. There was no logical reason for them to call trump without knowing their partner's cards.
Euchre Best ive ever used.hardly cheats at all
I love all of your games, and have bought them all. Beautiful gameplay and graphics. It all works beautifully on my Droid Ultra. Can I put out a suggestion The thing that would make my day is the addition of Mahjong. Any chance of your developing that It's very popular and would make a great addition.
Finally I asked you guys to make a euchre game like a year ago and you said you were considering it already... and here it is  Looking forward to many lost hours of sleep and productivity.
Well done Fun to play, well programmed, highly addictive
Great game Many setting options
Great game. Just what I expect from AI Factory.  Lots of options. Great user interface. Strong, but realistic computer play.
Absolutely The Best So glad to see AI Factory come out with my favorite card game, Euchre. I own their chess game and was hoping they would maintain the same high standards and true to form they did not disappoint. Euchre features customisable game play with multiple opponents to choose from, with varying skill levels, custom backgrounds, high scores and many other features. In short, Euchre by AI Factory is the complete package that not only looks beautiful but plays beautiful.
Great fun if you know how to play
Great quality. Love this game and this app is a gray way to play it.
Excellent Euchre has arrived Thank you for bringing this to the market. Having been one of the people that asked to have this game brought to the Android by AI Factory, I say thank you. Trialing the Alpha was a treat and the production release has some new features that all will love as well. Another great game by your company to spend some time with actually challenging game play and accurate game play at that.  Thanks again.
