Very addictive, I know more characters than I thought.  Although there are some I have no idea about.  Lol
Awesome game very addicting Great game, fun to play. Addicted already.
It's soooooooooooooo much fun... I really enjoy playing this game... It's really fun... Guessing the cartoon characters... Really... My kids enjoy playing this game and its obviously very addictive
Opinion piece of  guess the movie and character Good game and if your looking for a brain teaser or a challenging game then install but sometimes it is easy it just depends if you know the movie or character awesome game by the way
outstanding this game is so cool and brain teasers  game this is the best game keep it up guys i mean outstanding
Guess the move character I love the game its really epic and it's really awesome guessing game ever I haven't had that much fun in a long time and I love the game it's awesome
Awsome I really love this game its hard cause i dont kno much and most of the show is no longer shown so i cant remember much even the name..
VERY AMAZING The best logo game ever on android so good everyone download and guess the logo I'm giving it a 5 star cos its so cool
Figuring the logo out I love that part of the gamebecause idk all of them so it makes me think a little
Lovi dovi it Loving it best game ever if you are awesome download but if you are a rich and snobby pig do not install.
Guess the movie and character Fun, cool, loved guessing all my favorite TV shows and movie characters.LOL I LOVE THIS APP LOVE  PP
Very fun game and very addicting. Keeps me guessing and I can't put it down.
Logo quiz tv and movies Love it, wish there was more levels to play besides 27.
Wow Really cool if you don't like this you need to throw away your phone
This game is fun for you, friends, and family. I had a great time playing with the people I knew.
Guess the movie  characters Really good addictive game. Passed away a few  days
Cool Cool but they should make a kid version becuase not all of us watch scary movies like elevator and wanna see the blood
Loved it Well you can already tell from the title Yeah O D 
GUESS  THE  MOVIE    CHARACTERS GREAT FOR EXERCISING THOSE MEMORY  AREAS OF THE  BRAIN
Simple Fun The popup ads are annoying, but the game is a lot of fun.
