Actual best racing game on Google This is the absolute best racing game, maybe even the best game on Google Play Store. The graphics are great, the controls are good, and the tracks are different from one another. This game is worth the .99 I paid and then some.
Would be good to toggle from helmet can to regular view mode while racing instead of having to go back to menu. Just a suggestion... Otherwise I'm hooked love this app its gotta be the best racing game available. Thanks
Needs more camera angles and more in depth mods.
Great game But missing one thing though mud you can't have an offroad game without mud
Great Game The game is one of a kind. Most games are all glitchy but this is the best game. Just one thing that I think you should put in the next update add a free mode where you can do real rock crawling and create tracks
Best game on Google Play By the the best offroad, no best racing, no, best game on here available The only thing I hate about this game is that it takes up my entire allowance of free time at work. Please make a second one The only thing I would like to see is more baja style races with less crawling and more just punching it though the desert. Maybe a few more stock class vehicles and trophy truck style vehicles. Great game
A REAL ROCK CRAWLING GAME A LOT of posers out there. This game comes closer to the real thing than any others do
Great game Love this game its by far the best offroad game I've played it cold be better,  you should add more trucks and jeeps please  it needs a good update to make it better please.
Excellent support. Had a problem with in game purchase.  Refunded promptly. Update coming to fix issue.  One of the best off road games out there. 031314, Awesomeness
The best of its kind Simply the best off road game out there. However it has it flaws... Very few but a couple. The biggest thing is there is never any big updates. 2 add more customization. Great game though and 2 thumbs up
Awesome I have played through multiple times,  love the time trials too. Online tournaments would be fun.  Game is smooth and stable,  only a couple tiny glitches that don't really affect playability. Great game
Fantastic Great Game Would be great to have a better damage model and more vehicles. 5 stars though Keep up the good work
The best This game is so awesome and realistic,  the only thing that would make this game better if even possible  is Baja trucks or Chevys, Fords,  and Toyotas. Maybe a jeep wrangler too,  but this game is awesome now
No discrepencies, just excellence........ Real Racing  off road racing 44. Get behind the drivers wheel and you'll see exactly what I mean.       .....Ricsterism.....
Addicted Could use more vehicles modifications like tires, swampers boggers bf etc. And horsepower upgrades. Oh and a few of the southern states muddy rock courses. Also even better a navigator voice warning you when obstacles are approaching, specially on long straightaway.
ULTRA4 Offroad Racing, This game so cool. I hope the developer of this game add new tracks and vehicles and update the graphics
Total underdog game, takes a while to get use to grip and traction, great game if you like offroading 
Amazing game. Well done on making this. Runs smooth reopens perfectly NEEDS MUD AND FREEDRIVEROCKCRAWLINGMUDDING
Needs more cars and tracks I like this game a lot but it can use more trucks and crazy off road machines plzzz do it and plz give us more tracks
Awesome Love this game I own a 2000 jeep Cherokee XJ and this is the best game for me..i would like to see more tracks and jeeps, trucks..etc
Best racing game out there Hands down the best OffRoad Racing game available for Android.
Finally Finally a hooking crawler game with good suspension articulation and decent controls. Obstacles are technical, and make sense  some games you get stuck on obstacles that you should be able to over come Thanks Please more EXPANSION
