plz update need to b able to play online, i built so many city, its fun but yet lonely we should have different shape of block such as  circle , triangles, sphere, we should have more material we should be able to built higher and see further . PLZ UPDATE I WASTED SO MUCH TIME IN THIS GAME , DONT LET IT B FR NO REASON .
One More Thing Like Minecraft you can hold more than 1 item but on this you have to get it every time.Otherwise grill game luv it
Best Game Love this Game so easy to build and a lot of different things to build but like everyone else is saying it gets kinda boring at times so please add a survival mode, animals and supernatural creatures
I asoltely love this game I understand that it is a Minecraft knock off. I don't think that it needs a survival mode, but I do believe that rails, carts, boats, glass panes, and some other of the building materials should be added. I think it would make for a better experience for other users. If you want mobs, weapons and chat... then go online and buy this amazing game by the name of Minecraft DERP
Really great game I really wish you could add some animals, and other people.You should be able to die in this game too. This game has fluid controls, and is really easy to play. I also found a bigproblem that if you keep digging down or walk off the edge you will fall through and appear on the top of the world and continuously fall to the bottom. Needs to be fixed.
I  it This game is awesome, i love being able to create. But its very lonley. You should allow ppl to visit other ppls worlds or add animals or something
Love  it Since I hate mindcraft, I love exploration but not exploration lite. Exploration lite doesn't save. So just remember I put no effert into this at all so if u do find part of this helpful great and if u don't, I say, don't care And remember the Bella way is always the BETTER wayP.PS, get this app NOW              P.P.S, my nickname Bella
Five dam stars So cool it's very better than minecraft pocket edion and x box 360 too It has cool   stuff like flying blocks and has other cool stuff ps it's better than play stashing
Needs  animals I would like this ap if their were anmals like dogs and pigs and cows and sheep I even made a farm for them. So pleas hury making the anmals
Fantastic Game Only with this game is it easier to build huge buildingscastles, the controls are fluid and dynamic, much more fun and intuitive  than Minecraft pocket edition, but keep in mind this is more of a creative building game as far as I know. But a great one at that, as you can build effortlessly huge, great and diverse structures.  A lot of fun, it is hard to put down and stop playing
5 star but crashes loads So well made and so easy to create stuff. However has a major bug which causes it to crash loads. PLEASE FIX. Samsung galaxy s3
I'm only going to like this because This is my sister's favorite game and I don't want to delete it bots aches for her
Ok, but could be better. I love this game I am so addicted But if I could change 2 things, I think that everything you create should save and also what is the point of not being able to connect with others Apart from that this game is awesome  GET IT
Awesome This is cool because you can build enything you need more animals. Does not need other shapes. Please ad a way to make skins like minecraft. The thing I really want is to have food and Villagers so because I made a really nice village and then I can feed the people so pleeeeeeeaaaas you can not see your feet and I hate that and can there be a 3rd person view so I can see my self
Good U can save it I'm building a house and it saves and u get a big square piece of land
Love it Add animals and multiplayer so I can play with my friends and cousins. Can you add roller coasters too,i'm making a theme park and I just need that to finish
