Best weather app by far. I work at an airport and I use this to watch storms moving in. We can't fuel in thunderstorms. This app was recommended to me by my pilot friend years ago, and I haven't used anything since. The upgrade is worth it, you can see all of the radars at the same time.
More efficient I like this app over My Radar and other bulkier apps.  At 16MB it's over 10 smaller than My Radar and less than half Accuweather.  Also, it doesn't insist on running in the background, yet still manages to deliver timely alerts and weather advisories.  Simple and functional, but with a good feature set.  Thanks
Like all the new updates... Easier to see and I have bad eyesight, so very much appreciated
Great Weather App I love this app, great features, easy to use, and it's right 95 of the time with its forecasts, which is better than my local weather station Highly recommended
RADARNOW IS ONE OF THE BEST Awesome. The improvements are great and they are very responsive in helping you if you have a problem with the app.
Outdoor man Love this app. Us it for motor cycle riding and boating. I am able to ride my motor cycle and boat around the the storms and still enjoy a summer that has rained all season.
My little pocket storm viewer This is a wonderful app. Although often, the weather here isn't bad, when it is, it's Oh so helpful to see where the storms are. Love it.
Great weather app. Been going with this app for 5 years now, and aside from the station going down occasionally which isn't the fault of the app, but the city taking the station down for maintenance  and such, I have never had an issue. My go to app to see what the weather is like since it pulls from the NWS stations and gives a more accurate forecast then the news. Love the new updated look, loads much much faster and is easier to read.
Roger M Awesome well worth the pro version, great maps, display as you drive is also great.  UPDATE  The use of the new maps is excellent, scaling much better. C sq n you add an arrow to show expected course and extemd it a half hour.
Excellent app that's even better with the upgrades Finally an app that actually improves with upgrades.   Love this app and use it constantly.  It's been a lifesaver on our motorcycle trips.    Thank you for a great app that's simple And clean and efficient And doesn't bog my phone.  You appear to have a smart and thoughtful team.  Keep up the good work We appreciate it.
Best weather app you can get Ive been a premium customer since the way back. Really enjoy the option to view wind direction and have been able to identify tornados before theyve been reported. Great app..would recommend
Great app It simply does what it says, and they give you the option to kill the app on exit. Wish all apps were this respectful in that way.
Good app  customers service I have been in communication John Coryat at for several weeks now, since the first of this year's updates.  Some of the updates have changed the way the RadarNow previously functioned and work.  John has responded to all my issues I have raised.  Great weather app and supportive  customer service.  Thanks John.
Very Handy Know Immediate Conditions Great radar app. I use it all the time while fishing, boating, or anytime wanting to be outdoors. Also very handy for those frightened of storms, like the children, to know what's coming  and when it will pass. Can be a great visual distraction for them, and helps them learn about storm movement and weather patterns.
Awesome fast load quick radar I trust this app to give me quick radar loops even if I'm somewhere w spotty service its efficient to load up quick Fastest loading weather radar app I've used
Superb app I liked the standard free version so much, I upgraded to the premium version. I have found the app to be quite accurate, imageslayers load fast and I don't recall a single occurrence of this app misbehaving. Great job
Great weather app User friendly and helpful. Really like the updated version.
Great app to stay informed re incoming weather  with it, we can usually make better forecasts than the overpaid TV weather celebrity. Compact download, fast open, great screen red.
Fantastic The best radar app so far Every time I show it to friendsfamily I'm asked to share it with them, which obviously I do.
Been using this for years Still amazing. Long time supporter and user here. Thanks dev for all you do.
Premium doesn't carry over Even though it says premium is a one time purchase unless you change Google accounts...if you change cell phones you have to repurchase premium app also. Still a great app.
Breath of fresh air My no. 1 choice for weather updates, then use Weather Bug as back up or double check.
Dead on accurate If you need to know what's in your area weather wise, this is a great app.  Nice radar detail.  As a biater, I love it.
Fantastic app Works great and does so much more with all the added tools.
Radar Now Great app Always has been and still is ... use it often to plan outdoor activities golf, yard work, ....
Radar now Best radar site out there. I have been using it since its inception
Radar now The best app I have come across as truck driver this app has helped me out and save me from getting into very bad storms out the thank you for this app
Big travel assist Use Radar Now on the road, at home and while camping. Provides advance notice of weather problems.
Great app for an over the road trucker Nice to know what's going on around you especially after dark
Excellent Version Liking the new updated version. Less memory, faster to load, finds me very quickly. This is my go to weather radar app. Trying the premium version to see how it is.
Would love to see this app and radar signals stretch into Canada since much of the weather that arrives to Minnesota the Dakotas and Montana arrives in from Western Canada.
Great app I paid for the upgrade but now I have a new devicen How do I restore back to upgrade status
Best radar app available. Simply the best and easiest to use. Also is the most accurate for local weather and radar.
The best one out there. I check it often,before heading out too rc flying field.
