Loving it I play the table tops and love the graphics, gameplay, and strategies.   Oh and waaaaa  Guess what if you load a pay for play game and have to buy extras in game then don't  cry about.  I purchased  all the extras and they are worth it
Great Only played it for a short while but so far really good.
Polished adaption of tabletop game .
Text is garbled Could be a good game but all the popups contain random illegible text so i have no idea whats going on 
More female characters please   Great game, but where are the women  My daughter loves this stuff, but she's very disappointed there is only one female character out of , what is it, twelve   Gaming and comic conventions have about 25 to 40 female attendance now.  How about at least matching those ratios in your game Or, and this is just me talking crazy here, how about a 5050 mix of male and female characters
Wonderful I loved the board game, and I love this game Addictive, simple... actually, much more fun than the board gameno hours of setup It would be nice to actually roll dice, like in Talisman, but that is a minor quibble. Great job
A classic returns in glorious digital Very impressed with the digital treatment of the game my childhood gaming group would go on weekend benders playing. I rarely buy dlc or IAP but I bought all of it available.    My question is, will you be making any more Perhaps the classic expansions like the pit fighter, the treasure packs, or the catacombs of terror
Love this game Please add more Content Will happily purchase more Dlc...
Love this game, but it keeps closing it self while I play.
Great RPG board game. Runs ok on Note 3. Runs a bit hot and goes through the battery but runs smoothly. Great game too.
Amazing Everything runs perfectly great game play
In the name of Sigmar... This is it... I play first time in dungeon WH Fantasy. I wait for full fantasy WH game on Android.
awesome Love the app just wished you could put Ruglud I'm here for fun
Love it Love the game worth every penny
