Probably my favorite game. I really love this game and think that it is structured well. I just would really appreciate it if you lowered the price for icestorm island and the Deathsong expansion pack and I was wondering if there an option to play with certain people instead of just yourself or the whole world. Also, every time I get on the app, three seconds in it will say unfortunalely school of sragons has stopped. Please fix it, thanks.
Love it but... Love it  but it does take a while to lode. I also think that we should be able to have more than 2 slots in the stable because i got my first dragon, then a monstrous nightmare THEN a chagewing. And i rlly want to rase the changewing but i dont have enough space for it and i don't want to go out and waste all my money on another stable.
Iscya moon I loved this game soooooooooo much
AWESOME....but where's the dragon exp How do you get dragon exp execpt eel roast and alchemy adventure Bring back fire pit thingy or do something about this I have 5 baby dragons wanting to grow up
 Can't log on it says Unfortunately SoD has stopped. And it's still not working
I loved put it was loding so slowly Omg
Love Life 1
Really slow
I love it good job but the new update keeps kicking me out on my phone so I half to go on my computer and I love the game but I can't take my computer everywhere I go
Cool It rocks and the graphics are amazing and it only has problems if you don't have good internet connection THE ONLY thing I'd add is you can ride your Dragon any time
Amazing The graphics are brilliant and the whole idea is great the only problem is the arrow isn't the best because it sometimes leads you too the wrong places
THE BEST GAME EVER I played this alot on my computer. It was so addictive I plays for 7 hours straight. I found out I could get it for my phone and immediately downloaded it. Been playing it more frequently now. 
Awesome but needs something It's so awesome but the membership thing is the problem and my account disappeared and its name is reallywow and my dragon name is cool awesome wow and his level is 11
Amazing app I love this app so much that i have played almost non stop for like two years only on my ipad but sometimes i run out of things to do or it glitches and it closes. Anyways besides that it is amazing and a great download
School of dragons is cool i love riding Toothless. My new dragon is a deadly nadder i also have 2 wihspering deaths and a monsteris nightmare So school of dragon is the best game ever School of dragons is an amazing game and the best part about it is that you raise your own dragon and you could ride with it fly and shoot out fire.
