It's Zero Punctuation Of course it's quality. Buy it, you won't regret it. Also wait to spend money on the last three characters, they cost the most hats so you won't get to play as them right away.
At first I wasn't sure about this game... Now I know that, you know what just buy this game okay. Just stop reading, reach into your pocket and buy this. Don't try to push money into your phone though, that won't work. It's a micro USB not a vending machine. Use your credit card, please.
Are you even still reading these Get it. It's got a stupid fun charm to it and Yahtzee's tiny voice clips add a nice punch to the wackyness.
It's like The Stanley Parable for Android. No, seriously. Buy this game, don't spoil a thing, and your laughter will be harder than Yahtzee's Just Cause 3 hypeerection.
So far so good Lol looks like we get to criticize your game. Atleast it's not a load of garbage actually rather fun would recommend.
1010 will get zapped and put in a pool of what I can only imagine is the blood of a thousand innocent dolphins by a wizard again
Great but... Great game, it's fun and funny. The games has no problems that I've seen but I have to say it does cost a lot. It cost me 1.50, but then again I will have fun when ever I'm bored. Thank You for a great app.
There, Yahtzee, I bought your goddamn game. I'm having fun at a cheap price just to make you shut up. I even bought your .99 upgrade and everything. Game is good, now please quit telling me to buy it.
Can't wait for Hat of the year edition Makes insurance fraud fun and simple, can't wait for the 58 sequels that are sure to come 910
fantastic 1010 best hat grabbing simulator i have ever played Would get a large refrigerator through the skull again.
Surprising game Deep and fun game from a seemingly single idea. The game is fast, very polished, fun, full of surprises. As good as yathsee's reviews 
I've been a fan of Yahtzee every since he started ZP. I was slightly disappointed that he wasn't the one who made this game, but it's still fantastically polished and wellworth the price.
Hatfun It's fun, quirky, and charming. Easy to pick up and an easy way to kill time.
How long I have waited Since being a gamer for many years I have always wanted that one game, the game I didnt know I wanted till I had it and I didn't know what it was. THIS is that game, sod Call of Duty or Halo, the closest they get to a hat is a fancy high res helmet. This game tho has it all. hats, a movable protagonist and hats. But now my once cordless phone must be plugged in to enable uninterrupted hat catching. Thankyou Yahtzee I look forward to the sequel.
Yahtzee, you magnificent, well drunk critic. Once again, you wow us with your unique skills as a critic by making a hat falling simulationgame completely unrelated to your reviews other than your attractive, cartoonish body with all the hats that come it. Well done.
Great Little Game I bought a solid gold desk only to have it stolen after my first hat. Got too drunk to fill out the insurance form and was only paid back in hats.
Fantastic It is super fun, simple, strange, and very stylized.  I'd normally rage about a paid app that throws ads at you but they are optional, and I like the app so much I gladly take the bonus hats.  It is just an extremely well made game, kinda reminds me of mausland
Awesome It's quite the fun time killer in the sense that failing at Guitar Hero and smashing the controller is also a way to kill time. I was at best average though...
Perfect Although the game loses replay value once you've used all the gifts atleast 20 times. And you collected all the shop items you're just left with pointlessly putting hats on but it's still great
Dumb fun It takes a few tries to figure out what's going on, but after that it's silly fun. If you like Yahtzee, you'll appreciate the humor, otherwise it won't make much sense.
Hilarious and fun If you love zp as much as i do, you'll enjoy the humour, the subtle and not so subtle references to the show and the hilarious little gameplay interruptions that keep throwing novel and funny scenarios at you. Recommended folks.
