Great game I love the dream mode. Also you dont have to buy credits, what an awesome concept to make it fun. Thank you.
Great stress buster Excellent graphics and very entertaining..well worth 2.50 thx .. gonna buy more games.
Teddy fun. I had this game on my last phone,i hav just loaded it onto my sony experia z1, the graphics are so clearbright. This is my favorite game. 
GREAT FUN HOPE THERE ARE MORE IN NEAR FUTURE LIKE THIS.
Great Game This is an awesome game Like all of the pokie magic games  you should create the wolf run game... I would be buying that one too D job well done, 5 stars
Amazingly awesome This game is so addictive but awesome and fun to play.
Great Play this game everyday and at night when i can't sleep
Vegas songbird 101 Christina kauhi vegas slots.
BRANDY GREAT GAME HOURS OF FUN, LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT WISH YOU HAD HEAPS MORE LIKE IT, THIS GAME IS MORE THAN A FIVE I GIVE IT A TEN STAR. THANKS
Wow Excellent game no problems love it  
Mega Hart slots Missed this game 4 a long time
Cool Awesome
You don't run out of coins
I love it
Great game fun to play not boring
A1 Addicted game LOVED every bit of this games Very nicecute graphics no freeze wat so eva. Such fun to played with  lots of free bonus winning round, thank you  Plz add more games like this Recommended to all pokies players. The best  games eva, exactly like casino lol. My no.1 fav games
Awesome Luv all these pokie machines from pokie magic. Have nearly all of then now. Great entertainment. Only wish the real ones would pay so well. I'd b a billionaire from all of them. 
EPIC Takes a few mins to take off but when it does whew its a blast Love it
Heart bear Love it
orsum game....it pays to pay a few dollars to buy ths game,compared to dwnloadng the free games cos u wnt experience any stff ups...2 cool 
If your into realistic slots with great bonus games. . . . Get it
Best game ...thank u
Love it Awesome game great graphics, great payouts, excellent fun. I highly recommend this game. Love it.
Mega heart2 Mega heart2 slot is Excellent Games and win for a True money you get this on Google Google play and the Smartworld like LG ,Samsung Galaxy
Hearts I have been a big fan of kalahari sun for a long time But this game well and truly takes the cake i love it would recommend it to everyone
Love it Great for insomnia lol
Love  this Love this game its so fun
