Amazing Awesome...  They can even roll back ur account if it was hacked,  saved 4k pictures of mine which I thought were lost
Superior to ALL. CLEAR YOUR CACHE  have no performance problems. Easy document, 1000's of photographs, data, contacts  auto sync on PC. Easier file management  manipulation with every update. From phone to PC to external hard drive  FAST  No other clouds needed or wanted.  I clear my Dropbox cache often. I feel this keeps it running smoothly. Especially when moving several hundred items and many files at a time. No crashing here  
I love it I'm in love with this app , i had a problem with my 32 gbs sd card and everything was stored on dropbox after i erased the data on it , thank u dropbox 
Good appI like dis app ,very useful I loved it. dis app is awesome and very useful...dis app never makes me disappointed and very simple to use...
Excellent Please guys try to update this app so can be move to SD card the app is too large, that is the only problem with this app,
Grand 2 Best app for getting backup of everything. Also I got 50 GB free storage with my grand 2.
A staple in cloud services In today's world everyone should be using cloud storage of some sort. Dropbox is among the best.
 A special password can also be kept for the app. And uploading photos in seconds. That's great
Love it Have use Dropbox for many years now, no need to look anywhere else for storage
Amazingly great...and ours  This app has unreliable...reality. Use it, to believe this....
Life Saver I just recently lost all my photos and now I still have then because of this app even after I deleted it it still had them this is worth your time I give it a triple thumbs up
Very simple and organized This awesome app is very simple and organized. All of it's functions are very usefull.
Worth every cent Paid subscripton for personal and work accounts and its totally worth it  we have entire teams running in sync with this baby and its just fantastic that theyre still trying to improve it time and again
Indispensable My important docs are secure now. No more worries about crashes or loosing flash drives.
