Great game My only problem is there's 8 levels and I flew through all of them, I respectively demand more levels
Stuck  on levels I really love this game but I don't know how to unlock the 2nd level  so please tell me how to beat the levels
Almost perfect Simple but addicting. The replay feature doesn't always work though. It's disappointing when you do something incredible or hilarious just to find out you can't show anyone. Awesome game though
Fun Game is very fun can be very addictive and hard at times. But I can not stop playing it
Excellent Well worth the dollar Even the first level is difficult as hell Keep up the good work
Love it I beat the game in a couple of days but I still play it a lot. Unlike what other people say on my phone I can turn it side ways and it works the replay works and I have no crashes. So if theirs something wrong it's your phone.
Best dollar I ever spent Addicting, hilarious, and overall a masterpiece of the modern age.  The only thing that would make it better is the ability to actually record your best jumps to a video file somewhere.  But it's still more than worth the price.
Back flip madness I like it just waiting on some new levels to be added great game
Fun and Challenging I really enjoy this game. It's so fun watching the ragdolling of the guy when you mess up and hugely satisfying when you land an especially hard jump.
Backflip Madness We want more Great app To those who find the game difficult, practice landing the double back flip in the later levels5up while in free play to make it easy. Also, for the long leaps,  delay your timing on the second tap on the high or longand you'll master the game The lunar mode is awesome
Great This game is perfect for any one who just wants to kill some time. After bearing all of the levels I went back and found out this games is broken in the best of ways. This is a must play.
Amazing Really addictive Fun to play when I'm bored Also I really love the way i can make him go slow motion It gets quite challenging but that's what is fun about it 5 stars with no hesitation
Great game but... Need more levels and need a front flip madness next
Gotti1982 Love this game. I have beat it already but it is a great time passer. Love to beat the dude up to relieve stress, tooo. Lol
Wheeee Its great  I think it could do with better level design and it'd be neat to see a little animation for the legs when landing front an awkward angle, but otherwise wonderful.
Best game ever This game is awesome and highly addictive. Also this game is very much like doing a backflip in real life except for the gravity, but this could even be useful for someone who is trying to learn a backflip in real life as well, because of how the move us split up   would love to see a frontflip or other flips in another game
its really easy if... So i was really mad when i bought it cannot be beaten ok the full version has options to where you can change the difficulty , the one you play with is normal and its to hard for me so i played on very easy, to change the difficulty go to MAIN MENU gtSETTINGS gt VERY EASY AND BUHBAM ITS VERY EASY AND SLOW  YOUR WELCOME I MASTERED IT ON NORMAL AFTERWARDS TRUST ME PLAY IT MORE OFTEN
Once you get the hang of it it gets easier edit im still playing this game when iget bored ill never get tired of theguy falling its hilarious u cna change the diffuculty people
Great app and fresh concept Good game. The only gripe is the difficulty to guess how the player is going to react. At times it seems that the spin speed is random, but still great fun. Brings a good sense of achievement when you finally nail a level. Can't wait for more levels.
Super fun I just installed this app yesterday and I just can't quit playing it I'm so bad at it but it's so fun It's like a combination of QWOP and Happy Wheels but without the frustration and gore. This app is one of the best ones I've ever bought. If you're hesitant about this app, then start with the free one and get addicted from there
Love Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love it
Wonderful but please refine Brilliant game. Frustrating but rewarding. Simple but challenging. Have not put it down Kudos.  Please though Only submit score if higher than best score. Its annoying. Allow it to remember the zoom setting for the camera. Also annoying Or.. Auto zoom to include the player and destination. Maybe user defined option.  This should help flow between games and jumps.  I am looking foward to updates.  Thanks
Hahaha this games is fun no WiFi need kills time Very hard and very addictive  go to settings and there's the option to switch to ninja suit to be honest i saw this game because of PEWDIPIE on YouTube, but damb this game is great me and my cuz played for a week then got bored i couldn't pass a level going to try again
Very good Everything about it is great, but it needs a few more levels and a few more types of backflip. A very good game definitely worth the money
Great suggestion I really love your game in addicted to it even though I finished it but I have a suggestion. How about ZERO GRAVITY I think that would be cool but instead of tapping the screen multiple times you should have a menu made if you beat the game. Thanks 
It's so addicting and fun for everyone. You press a blue button and do a flip, sometimes even in a dip. I know this is hard to believe, but I am the flip master you see. So by all means, download the game, and when you're having fun, I'm the blame.Just awesome
awesome but still, needs share button so i can share to g  aswell as that i  the lunar gravity cheat overall really fun 
Great Perfect time killer. Not to easy not very hard. I recommend it for every one
