... So far this game has been enticing. I have played it for 2 days straight and enjoying myself. Dont listen to the people who say everyone has a sob story and the soundtrack is not good
Keep em coming Kemco Ive enjoyed quite a few of their games so far this one is good in its own sense since they've started to branch out to 3d fights
I like it Good old school rpg and the localization isn't half bad.  Great when you want to kill some time on the phone
Impression This game made me reconsider about RPGs on Android. I always thought games on smartphone weren't real games. It turned out I was wrong, proven by this game which I am enjoying very much at the moment. Good job KEMCO.
Great I don't really play RPG like this, but I got this on sale so I decided to give it a shot. Turns out to be great and a must buy for RPG and nonRPG lovers. The controls are easy, gameplay is interesting and story line is intense.              PS  It will be better if you can change the appearance of the characters with different gears equiped. Overall, this is a great game that makes me wrote a review this long, while I usually only leave stars
Great RPG with few minor gripes Loving the game at the moment, but I can't ignore some of the translation problems. There's one point in the game where the main character says I could care less. Just a minor peeve of mine. The sprite work is alright, though it feels a bit rushed compared to Asdivine Hearts which is most noticeable around the towns. The characters are interesting so far, especially the 4th one.
Awesome spin of a classic gaming style I really loved the graphics and the playful edgy dialogue of the characters. The whole of it is truly an experience one critique I would like to make is maybe personalizing the weapons in battle so each weapon has a different style so it also refreshes visuals for the characters. Thanks for all the hard work guys, keep em coming.
A Journey to a new world I have now played several kemco games and I have yet to be disappointed. I am a lifelong gamer and am new to this phonetablet gaming and I am greatly impressed. I love this game because it has a compelling storyline and awesome gameplay without the extreme repetition as seen in console games. Thank you for making my life that much better.
Great game, great value This game is excellent so far. I tried another kemco game and wasn't as impressed. The battle graphics are awesome, the music is topnotch, and the characters are so far intriguing.
Better than I expected Great color and character design.  The story is decent with a twist people lie.  When a character in most games says something it is a given it is true.  The distrust within the party is something I have not seen in my decades of playing RPGs.
Great game Worth the money. Just as good if not better than final fantasy, and for less money. Loving the new 3d battles. Feel like the 3d animations could be better but that's a very minor complaint.
AWESOME A story of tragedy and redemption, starring a young man with an annoying demon stuck in his head, an amnesiac heroine wannabe, a religious man with a shocking secret, and a little girl with patricideal intent. This game is the best one Kemco has made yet, and that's saying something Gimme a sequel
Best game ever I like the combination of pixels and 3D,, i've been looking 3D rpg but most o them are pretty expensive. So far so good I love the demon which inside Albert, he is too funny XD and the storyline is so unexpected, it become more twisted than ever that's why i love rpg 5 Star And please check some spelling error, i kept reading it in different way haha
Another Kemco game I will be honest when i comes to rupg on mobile phones i also look for this company for interesting titles, and this is no exception Graphic wise its quite a step up and runs fluidly on a lower end smart phone optimus l90 combat is simple yet rewarding as for the story the paceing seems abit slow but understandably so
Very nice Mildly predictable but engaging story. Welldone, fleshedout characters. Lovely music, impressive graphics, and interesting battle system. Questing isn't a hassle, what with directions and map markers being given to you from the getgo. Beautiful character design, engaging dialogue. Wonderful game, Kemco Keep up the good work.
Absolutely Fantastic Revenant Saga is quite simply an amazing RPG. The story is entertaining, the characters are likeable, the visuals are lovely, the audio is great and the combat is satisfyingly turn based. I've had a small handful of crashes, though this seems to be when I have a weak mobile data signal. Being in a WiFi4G area or disabling mobile data has resulted in zero crashes. If you like your more traditional RPGs with turn based combat, do yourself a favour and buy this game.
Awsome One word great The second best jrpg I've played my favorite part is probably the protagonist very unique fighting to control the demon inside him but at the same time trying to learn from it and befriend it to discover the true meaning to live
Right track Finally, a kemco rpg that I have no complaints like sprite art, graphics or gameplay. It just hit the right track 
Great Really enjoying the game so far. The story is good, game play is polished, and the item customization is a nice feature. The graphics are also very nice. I recommend this game to anyone looking for a good jrpg game.
Great game This is the first kemco game I've got...and I bought it cuz it was .99 ...the story line is awesome I feel like if I'm watching and anime...lol...the only thing I don't like was that I couldn't read some parts where you can't read on your pace..you need to know how to read fast cuz it changes quickly...if you missed a phrase...oh well ...better luck next time..lol
