This game is really cool,but the software needs some upgrade like make it link probably to Facebook, google etc so pple can get challenges online wt frds and also organize online tournaments at a particular time wc if u are not online your player plays alone. I think this will be interesting.thanks
got 209 million....where does everyone stand...254,000 pts....I guess I'm the Biggest Fan of Tennis. .... this game. ...not as easy as some say....I get knocked out of tournaments every once in a while...you know, steve Darcis,Rosol,celic.....
No Doubt about How Much Well The Game is..... But,Unfortunately There is Few bugs.....
More control than I thought it would have, for a tennis game and for a cel phone. Can't ask for much more, great game, and time consumer
Wonderful To good for my liking and good graphics for the the should make another one of these games and it can call some time out when you have  nothing to do in your spare time it is a piece of art truly wonderful
Nice game Having a lot of fun... Love this game.... Must hav some challenges
Ausome It is so cool and a little hard but still this game is so cool you should play it your self and you earn cash when you win and you could unlock new places and some of the people might be really easy to vs also some might be extremely super ultra hard so try your best to win against them good luck
Addicted  Completed all the grand slam tournamentts This game is definitely addictive, once u start playing u will get lost in it.. Time killing game. Loved it.
Awesome Game I love it but only one problem is there that the graphics is not that good but still 5 stars from my side
Love it Love it Love it  I love this game. I love the 'quick plays' for practice, to do world tour, and it's challenging. I would like if we could do our own avatar cos the store is pretty limited, but it's still great the way it is. I'm totally hooked 
Congrats to the tennis app champs Wonderfully built up gameGreat animation  qck response to touch.It's the perfect game app except for a slight flaw.The cheering of crowd stops abruptly instead of fading  away slowly.If you  could correct that little flaw,the app is worth more than five starsExpect this perfection in your next version.All the best...
Great game Pretty realistic I do feel there should be some type of directions in the tournament if you lose connection you end up losing all the money you pay to get into it
