Best thing that ever happened to me Pehle me bahut kaha tha koi ladki mujhse baat nahi karti thi. Sab mujhse door bhaagte the. But fir meri life me yeh game aayi. Aur me gora ho gya. Ab log mujhe orbit naam se bulate hai. Ladkiyan mera picha hi nahi choti. Thank u mahjong for making my life happy again
Awesome Excellent Experience I love the shuffle opportunity Great idea from the creator of this game It allows you to keep trying until you get them all right Now, I want to learn the language  Love it Keep up the good work
Fab Free and it's great. I love marjong this is brill the ads don't get in the way don't have to close them or anything best marjong app I've used.
Passing The Time A good way to kill time. Not a very cerebral game. However I have entertained some older nursing home residents with this game and it was well liked.
Amazing This is a great game you should play it You will Love it It is so easy I'm telling you should play it soooo easy to easyHad to buy the 3 gameLove it  And it's free
Domestic Engineer Love the puzzles. Great way to help me with mental exercises. I had a stroke a few years ago.I Thanks
User friendly, great level of difficulty I like how straight forward and so please this app is. It is also exactly the right level of difficulty for a really casual gamer.
Enjoy it Fixes and options needed I really enjoy this app, recommended 4 mahjong fans. It's challenging, small file size  relaxing fun. Had 2 reinstall because it fully froze on me on day 1, after I  accidentally hit the ad on bottom, the gameboard went black  would not recover. Suggestions are 1 Game difficulty option 2 Option to shuffle before running out of moves 3 Fix advert glitch that caused it to freeze. Thanks for this great app
Just like the computer version The game play is just like the old computer version but with a twist. There are a ton of different layout options. It's nicely done
Freaking love It I loved playing this game when I was a kid and I must say I love playing this game now I love how of I get stuck u can shuffle or play a new game I love the different backgrounds to each level I just love it all the way
Entertaining I enjoy playing this game...my daughter and i will play together. No interruptions or glitches. Its great
Easy to play on a small device Classic mahjong game but easy to follow, some of them can be confusing.
Awsome I love it, it is such a mine game and sooo entertaining. My advise I would download it u will love mohjong
MAHJONG THIS WORKS FANTABULOUS LY ON MY LG VISTA ANDROID PHONE I  THE DIFFERENT TYPES OF PUZZLES YOU GET. VERY ADDICTING. I GIVE THIS 5 STARS
Mahjong at its best. Very compelling game to play, very fair, unlike other mahjong games. Give it a try you'll be hooked
Much needed rest. I downloaded this on a really bad day. It gave me a relaxing outlet. Runs well on my phone. I would recommend it for a relaxing fun experience.
Mahjong I like relaxing, somewhat challenging games. This game just about covers my gamemoods.
Majong I love it It's a great game for the mind and for fun. If you enjoy puzzles you'll have a great time.
Childhood game I use 2 play this game when I ws 10  yrs old awsome game now after froue yrs still love this game
Mahjong Best game I ever played works to help me relax and destress because of health problems
Relaxing  Challenging It's up to you  Use it if you can't sleep or if you want to race the clock.  Beware  Move choices effect your final outcome far more as it grows more difficult The 1st choice may not be better than the hidden one.  Good Luck to you, Grasshoppers
Quick time filler game, not too much thinking required but still has a bit of a challenge
