A Best blackjack game out there closet thing to the real thing great way to train yourself for common moves love this game to kill time just be patient learn to raise and lower your bets best tip.i can probably give
Better than Abzorba. Much better than the rest. Would like fewer popups, but then somebody has to pay for my fun.
Good game Very well done game.  Smooth running with no problems.  Staff very helpful when you have an annoying problem.  They go out of their way to help you which is more than can be said about the creators of other   games offered on Google  Play.
Awesome Earlier I had a 3 star rating and now I change it to a 5 star rating because I realized how good of a company this really is. They messed up my first order and gladly repaid it with extra. I hope the devs see this edit because I like the company, and the game itself, much much more now  ps... game play is addicting as hell
Great game Marvellous gameWhy visit the real casinoThe graphics are excellent,the layout and  presentation of the table is flawless and intricate,albeit the pop up ads are a bit excessive and intrusive.Otherwise it's a 5 star game.
Customer Service I'm downloading this app instead of similar apps because it has over 10 mil downloads and the customer service STILL attempts to stay ontop of things. Very impressive presentation of the app with nice quality graphics. I'm sure that I'll love this game. Thank you customer service and the developer for your insufficiently appreciated time To others reading the reviews you read what I wrote give it a try
Fun to play, seems to be a fair game with some interesting features. Having fun, I even win occasionally It seems very similar to the real thing. Definitely worth the download.
Best blackjack game yet I am still a rookie in the world of black jack so I definitely enjoy this game letting you win once in a while and they make it easy to come back once you've gone broke. I would pay a dollar to get rid of some of the popups and other adds. Does anyone ever pay real money for extra credit Really Overall, loving this game so far
Great Apps. I really like and enjoy this game but hope tgey give more chips when it open and also not took for 2hrs. Just to wait the free chips thanks and keep it up Nice game Nice job
