Please Can u add a mall  And bigger houses and teens And a amusement park , by the way I have tried to download my play home stores but it says error code 41 Please fix that as well thank u
Awsome but....... Its fun and all but it needs more stuff like more houses for the familys and a playground also a gas station and cars.more clothes for the babys plz and more stuff for them to and can you make a my play home sleep over And buses Now you dont have to add all of this. Just chose what you want. Please thin k about it 
I think you people who made these play home games should make a hospital a giant park more resteraunts and stores a vet and pets besides fish and more houses. Oh add a couch in the living room and u should make a hotel
Love it Please add cars swings monkey bar purse briefcase laptop park baseball field mail and  air conditioning thank you
So fun I love this game Only one problem...I can't play My Playhome full version and My Playhome stores because every time I press one of those to games...I the screen goes white then it goes back to the home page...please fix it
Amazing just more Amazing game maybe just add a pet store, more clothes, houses , cars, buses etc anf a gym, baby girls , teenagers , bikes, vehicles , nurses.office and you get the point btw dont take it personaly but thag just my opinion otherwise love the game addicted to it nice playground THANKS SOOOOO MUCH
love it Please make a playground, pool,gym, caf, Pet Shop, more clothes in the clothes shop, Vacation a hotel or something,  restaurants, toy shop,art place to learn art and Super market  Please make all of this ur work is Amazing and this is her daughter. 
Awesome but Could u possibly put lunch boxes at the store so if you want to bring lunch you can
Fantastic Once again Lots to do and I love the attention to detail Go make an announcement  on the PA system
Cool game I really like this game but I think it needs a school bus in the gym gust some suggestions.
Aiyanea I love my play school but one thing I want a teacher conference room and maybe a gym and a nurse office also I look like if you make a restaurant for my playhome that would be totally cool and another thing  my mom and me  downloaded this game and I will love if you can add a pet store.
Add stuff We can a art gallery to paint and a swimming pool.Make the up date 2  less days.People love this game and me.
Love it but add art class  Please can you add only an art class please please  please add an art  class pluz art calass 
Fun All of the My Play apps are great an keep the big and little kids entertained.   Thanks Shimon
Good game I would like to see very soon an Airport, Leisure Centre, Hotel, Hospital,Daycare, more families, cars, garages, Ski resort, beach, different seasons with clothes to match,cafe,mall,theme park, different weathers, fairground....that's all for now...lol
One more thing... Why do you not have chalk Also they do need a daycare, gym, and some more things for the playground... swings One more add more things in the science room then it will be perfect
V Big brother and sister are going well for the future is now available on iTunes store and get a chance can come I
Really Good But,I was thinking you should add a swimming pool and swim suites and maybe a couple of more store anyway love this game
Needs more  need  a daycare baby  clothes  jobs  bigger  home and  more  houses and a nurses office
Its the best game sense they had the playground and fountain
Loved it Downloaded it for my small cousins and they loved it good way to keep them occupied
Love it But you should make the games free
My play home school My daughter loves this game
I love it but can you please and more games I love these games but seriously you need to add more games does that give you attention now I have all your games but you need to add more games are you serious they don't have a lot of games are you freaking serious
Love it but If you can add some more things like a nurses office and gym and some more stores and also cars and more babies and baby clothes and more than I would very much appreciate it but over all its a pretty awesome game
Love it but.... I love this game but can u piz put a my play home high school piz and on my play home can u make it so that the kids can have there own room. Thank u so much.
Best game ever This game is so good but it doesn't update
