Love it I love this game.. Am of 12 .. And still play this game .. I never get bored playing this.. But ya this game has too many ads which disturbs a lot.. You really need to fix it please .. But .. But.. But ... I love this .. When ever I start to play this I can't stop playing this
Love it Love it love it love it love it love it love it
Love it Love it love it love it love it love it
Mashalallah Phele toh main ne delete kar Di thi lekin ab pata cala ke yeh game kitna acah hu thanks again for your time and consideration and I will be in the morning and I will have a good day
I loved this game I love this amazing,cool,pretty game
Awesome Really nice game. Keeps my 6 yr old  daughter busy. She loves it so i love it.
Love it Cool game I did download 2 years ago but still play and I am 10 years guys download this game.
Awesome Good game and fun to play, although could have a few stickers for the kids at the end of their treatment otherwise great
My kids love this game Great for those times you're stuck standing in line.
T   for this app well done guys.  This is the ONLY free app that has been FREE Has many little games which my 3 yr old daughter and I love. Some are a little hard for her but I don't mind helping  100 LOVE LOVE LOVE. Can't wait to see wait the full version is like. Keep up the good work.
Bookworm Queen Me and my brother and sister love it we play all the time
This game rocks This game is super fun and has many things to do and it rocks
This is a really fun game. Do not even think about not getting.
I LIKE IT I totally like it . To me I think it's inspiring for to want to be a doctor that's my opinion if u agree you will know why
Nice game It has some repetition, but is fun once you get the hang of it
Amazing and boring Amazing because it is fun and boring because always the things to do is repeated 
Loved it Perfect  for me because  I want to become  a doctor
It is awesome i would give it about a one thousand if i could
Bhudev It's  lovely  version from this supplier Is inkradible
Love it My 3 yr old looooves this game.  I try out all of her apps before she plays and I love it too. Great job guys
My children's very happy playing in the game SuperOoooooooooooooooosupet
Nice It is good but I'm distracted from studies.
Ugh It wants me to rate after i help a kid it says rate app or rate kids doctor so i rate it ps don't download
I Love It I think its great soooooooooooooo much to do dentist eye doctor injections going in an ambulance so much stuff I'm telling everyone I know
I loved it I like this game because it is look like a real doctors game
doctor kids i love this game sooo much its very intresting
Superb My ambition is to become a doctor , I feel it is useful for me . The best ever game I have played.
I love this game to muchhhhhhhhh. This game is so funny.
Yay it is awsome It is awsome because my friends love it lol 
