I really love wish Everything is described just as it comes, some like it and some don't but I've enjoyed every item. Shipping is always right on time.
I LOVE THIS APP I been buying make up and clothes and shoes and they all fit and last long I love how the prices are cheap and yes it takes a while for your iteams to get to you but its all worth it.
Wow Words can't explain how cheap it is to shop here. It's an amazing app especially to get such high quality on things that cost x10 then the sale they have here. Only down fall is shipping wish their was priority mailing to ship quicker, but products do show up faster then what it says. 5 stars for sure.
Read reviews and descriptions People are complaining on the reviews but everything they're complaining about is said in the items description before purchase. So read both before buying I've received everything ive ordered way faster than I thought I would.
Addicted I havent had any problems with them. My items arrive within a month sometimes sooner. The only downside is the shipping charge. Instead of charging shipping for every item they should have a flat rate. Especially for those whose orders are 100.
Love,  love,  love this app Great and cute items at a VERY LOW price...This is my new addiction
Love it With four kids it's hard to get really nice quality inexpensive  clothing. This makes it more affordable and convenient to keep my kids in clothes and stylish
Surprisingly impressed I was weary about ordering from the app but I took the risk. I used PayPal to pay, just in case and it worked great. Shipping obviously takes a while since the items I ordered where shipped from China. Other than that, all of the items I bought were surprisingly good quality. They look exactly like the picture I expected a bit of discrepancy due to the cheap pricing and the materials seem to be great quality and very soft. Will definitely be ordering more in the future.
Great prices slow shipping The prices are great on literally everything in the app. The shipping is a little slow but I was in no rush to get the items. Overall i think it took about 2 12 weeks to get to me. But it is definitely worth the wait. Sizes do run small so remember to order big
AMAZING I am so impressed by this app. Amazing deals for the kiddos. I am a savvy shopper, always looking for the best deal, and this is the way to find it Some people have been having issues with Paypal, I haven't experienced that yet, but at these low prices that's a small issue to have to deal with.
Love it Sometimes stuff takes a bit too get to me, but other than that I've never had a problem Had it for 6 months now and ordered at least 20 items. Christmas shopping is a blast
Not sure Why people complain about PayPal because it works perfect.  App is smooth and ordering is beyond cheap and easy.  I'll update my review once I have an item delivered.  Hope it's good quality..  Seems to good to be true
Most products are decent quality for affordable prices Easy,  convenient, cheap and unique  I love this app and most of its products. It's NOT good for my online shopping addiction so I have to uninstall regularly.
