Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Love it It's so fun to play with my husband but he gets mad and says I get all the easy questions lol
Leaning This is something very new to me helping learn a lot of things i didn't know at all. It's like being in school again. Keeping my mind working
LOVE IT This game got it old after awhile but until like 3 days ago I am hooked again and absolutely love it and definitely recommend it to you
Oh baby Decent app... the game is in its second wind of popularity. A large portion is having a laptop next to you so you can quickly yell ok google 
Trivia Crack Entertaining, enlightening, and appropriately named for it is truly addictive.
Thus app is an awesome way to put to use all that useless information that has been cluttering my head for years LOL Really fun, and great way to stay sharp
Great I wish you could hold more then only three lives at a time without paying extra
A lil bit of a problem... There are too many ads and when i say too many i mean after every spin an ad comes on Please fix this ASAP
What a good game This game is awesome and a great way to pass time. I love playing this with my girlfriend when I'm not with her.
Prepares  you for who wants to be a millionaire' Keeps you sharp.
Fun game Lots of varying subjects and difficulties on the questions and quite fun. It does have a lot of ads but if you just ignore those it's a great free app
Love this game Great game. Love trivia...makes learning new things fun and interesting
I think this game is awesome I can play with my friends and also text them too.
Love it... Can't believe I know Alot of the answers to the questions... Great for the mind and I love being able to play against my family members and friends
Trivia crack So fun to play and gets to makes you think back into time.
Just enough challenge to have fun I like this game because it's easy enough to play with other players that are my friends already and the questions are sometimes super easy sometimes I have no clue so its a good balance of challenge and fun.
