Lubilu72 Addictive,but also frustrating.  Some levels are obvious but others are mindbendingly difficult. Levels seem never ending, so you can play this game for ages.  Recommended 
Great app.  Lots of fun Addicting  Fast paced Challenging..  I recommend this game.
Loved d game n i m getin addicted towards it.... only 1 thing i dnt like is dat for evry help u guys charge 60 n 80  coins respectively n for evry correct ans u gv only 5 coins... Y so mch of difference 
Fun and challenging Unique picture quiz game. This is the best one I've found, very fun and time consuming.
Love it This is a really fun game Answers are perfectly challenging and earning coins is easier than in most games. Great job
Fun Game Absolutely love the game A good way to pass the time, but definitely makes you think. Could be better though if there wasn't as many commercials. But I haven't been overwhelmed with the ads yet to the point of uninstalling. And earning coins for every ad you watch, makes watching them not so bad. Overall, GREAT game
Makes you think I like something that keeps the old brain cells working. This does. Would be even better with a daily bonus to help with clues.
Awesome This game is so addicting. Is anyone else having my problem. The League section says to return in one hour. This has gone on for about two weeks  What's going on
Good game app I like it and I hope if anyone else give it a try, they would like it too...
A great game but to many ads. Buy the ad free version so you don't have any interruptions. Don't let the makers of this game tell you ads support their game. They are making money in there own without other people's ads.
The game This game is so awsome that it's just another 4 pic one song game but excpet it has less pics with it
Love the challenge just wish it didnt cost as much for a letter and take ages to add new levels
Its really good I really love it and I play it with my phone on flightmode so that I won't have annoying adds that pop up after each turn 
Pics quiz Always loading or either quiz stopped. Very irrating and can't enjoy the game
