Next Word This is a terrific, challenging word game that really makes me think, so when I finally solve the puzzle, I get a sense of accomplishment other word games, fun too, don't.  Download and enjoy
Great brain therapy Not too hard to dissuade you and make you give up but fun challenge...thanks
Brilliant A lot of effort must have gone in to creating this game. Some puzzles are easy, some not so easy but all very interesting. Different then anything else.
The Best Word Game WARNING TOTALLY AWESOME AND ADDICTIVE
Great Way better than blowing things up.....love it.
Addicted I really enjoy this game.
Next word This is the best word game I have played. It's challenging and fun. I have no complaints here.
Finally I game I like
I love this game
Next Word Word Game
Word game
Im being generous here... Super fun, intuitive, and engaging. 5 stars despite the awful design, wonky touch interface, and ingame ads in a game i already paid for.
Fun and addicting game You start out thinking this is way too easy and a waste of money, but you soon realize that this is not as easy as it appears  Great word association game that sometimes can have you so stumped Well worth the money
Great, addicting Progressivly difficult word association. Don't start this game unless you have a lot of time to play, you will be late for anything you have planned Very hard to put down.
Hugely enjoyable and challenging Admittedly some of the challenge comes from persuading the pieces to stay put and the UI is a bit shaky, but the puzzle itself is a delight and great fun.
Super great game..... Love it. Great way to kill time. Plus the quotes are good too.
Next Level word association Thanks great workout for the mind
Awesome Lots of fun.  Great game for students.  Love it
FanflippinTASTIC Best word association game ever. Great job So worth the dollar, and a five star rating. Thank you
Very fun Keeps the mind sharp
Challenging Fun brain training  Some of combinations are debatable but it does challenge you to see things differently.
Very entertaining and challenging
Awesome It's a fun and addicting word association game. I love the way it makes me think
Excellent game
Love the game Makes you think
Challenging and fun
Most excellent A most enjoyable mix of stimulating and relaxing.  Somehow, those two words are connected  Thanks for a great game.
Excellent Really makes you think about the association between the words.
