Best game ever Ever since I upgraded from playing snake to smartphone games, uniwar is the one constant. I love the game, I love taking long bathroom breaks to play my turns, I love the chat, I love the forums,  I love uniwar Uniwar tattoo on its way.
BEST TURN BASED STRATEGY GAME Still really enjoying this game 5 years on...In my opinion one the best turn based strategy game out there for Smart Devices
Found my gem. It's been years and this is the one game I play over and over again.  Love the format of playing a move when I can get to it, and letting the other person do the same.  Chess by mail  Great for starcraft or strategy boardgame fans alike.  Single player is ok but mp is where it shines.  Edit really improved interface and better explanations on stuff.
Best strategy game on the market Chess meets advanced wars pvp pve well done game
Great strategy game Interesting gameplay, emphasizes skill, has an engaged community and developer
Great great game Best game on phone or tablet  Truly even better on a 10 inch tablet , to really see the game .
hex. strategy. advance wars.
Great Strategy It is kinda like Advance Wars, I just wish they had more of a champaign or something after all the tutorial missions. It is fun though
Exactly As advertised, it has 3 balanced races, and no grinding.   It doesn't mention you can make your own maps.
I absolutely love this game I'm totally addicted. Support is fast and responsive as well.  Thanks TBS Games
Best pvp turn based strategy I've found.  Also a friendly and enthusiastic community.
WELL DONE TBS GAMES A very well developed and applied strategy game, good tutorial to get you started, a unique turn based strategy game with good replayability. If you are a strategy enthusiast this game is a must have for your device.
Great TBS game ever
That game is excellent I like turn base games and this one is by far the best I have found. Priced at 1 it's a real steal
Wonderful Mobile Strategy I wish I discovered Uniwar earlier, the game is polished,  easy to dive into and has a well defined balance of complexity to make mobile play engaging, easy to manage with touch controls and lots of strategies to learn.  One of the best implementations of asynchronous strategy on a mobile that I've ever seen.
It's actually really good. Very simple concept, you can jump in and start playing right away and understand it. Very complex, however, to master. From looking at it and from starting to play it I thought it would be fairly boring but there is a lot more to the game and to the strategy once you figure a few things out.
Can't stop playing it My favourite mobile game
Best game ever created This game is better than Chess, Risk, Battleship, and Stratego all put together
excellent you can play it for years and it keeps getting better.
Great game
Fantastic. I have had zero problems so far with this game. Quick to learn, and fun to play. I really enjoy starcraft and this reminds me of a simplified more to the point kind of game.
Perfect game Glad I picked it up. I love the nod this game gives to the StarCraft franchise. One of a kind, happy I spent money on this. Wonderful game. Haven't encountered a single flaw yet.
This is what mobile games should be like. This isn't one of those dimeadozen war games that only exist to get you to spend money. This is a well thought out, well crafted game that is actually fun to play. It's refreshing to find something like this floating in the sea of shovelware and cheap cash grabs that seem to dominate mobile gaming right now.
Kinda like starcraft as a boardgame. Awesome I love this game At first i thought it was too hard but i keep getting better. Seems like a grind but once you get the hang of it, it becomes crazy addictive. Only complaint is i hope they release more maps sometime. Great game Turn off animations in options for super fast games
Should make a sequel If you guys made a sequel, i can imagine that it would be very popular
Similar to Warcraft and Starcraft You have to learn what each group does and it's important you read their descriptions. Because if you don't you mate hate this game and think that you're being cheated.     Although I feel some people are hackers because my troops randomly die when Noone is close enough to of attacked
Uniwar Discovered this game because I was looking for a game similar to Heart of Mechanics, a Java game. I played this on my iPhone 3G but the new update is not compatible with it. A very good Turnbased strategy game with lots of units.
