Easy Better than Craigslist u should make video to go along with picture
Great way to make extra  Good app for the most part sometimes people don't respond to your questions but it's very rare. Just have to sift through all the people who overprice their stuff to look for a fair deal.
Awesome Got a lot of household children's things decent and cheap Worked will some well respectful ppl as well
Used a couple days I got responses same day.  The 4 step process is quick and easy.  I wish there was a way if someone responded to your ad to be able to see if they are in the same state as you so you aren't wasting your time with people possibly out of state or even outside our country.  Overall seems to be taking off and look forward to using app to sell my stuff.  Thanks.
Love it Does everything I need it too It's so easy to sell things and browse through everything else I do wish we could report people who just want to cause trouble or write reviews on everyone we deal with not just the one we sell to or buy from. Regardless,it's a great app
So far so good It's been a couple months and so far so good, just think it's funny that some people want my stuff for free
Relisting offers function I only have 1 issue so far with the app. There needs to be a way to relist with out completely reloading a pic and info so that your offer can go back into the feed.
Easy friendly app Used ebay. But this is much better. Up close and personal with your sellers and buyers. U list. Take a picture make a offer and get multiple offers. No shipping nor paypal. Great. Thanks more money in my pocket
Great app Works well. How did we do it before apps Outside    Thanks OfferUp
I love offer up Offer up has helped me make ends meet especially during these hard times
Great app No issues, all prompts does exactly what it should do.
Awesome site To buy and sell like having your own little store everything stays right with you and people can shop all day long as they want to it's awesome. Still a great site. Better then all the rest .
Never had a problem selling anything , the people are very nice for the most part.
Great app for sellingbuying Sold a few items on it so far. Just communicate through the app or email.
AWESOME Userfriendly, great app for easy local buysell.
Awesome Installed the app 6am. Sold 3 item by 10am new awesome way to sell your items.
Super easy selling Offer up is so amazing I have sold many things and it's so simple to do. I love shopping on it too Gotta try it
