Dirt trackin This is pretty cool just need to add more cars on the track like maybe have ten or twelve race at one time.
Wish you could choose the amount of offline opponents to race and it needs a career mode but love it other than that great game
There's nothing wrong with the multi  player.  Get on Facebook and look up the dirt trackin page and get into a race
Asphalt is for getting to a dirt track Real action . Love it. Need to add sprints wingnonwing , and would be complete.
Great game The developer's do an outstanding job fixing the bugs When can we get Bub Mccool's new 2015 wrap
Great game mabey should make an adjustment on street stocks they need to be faster 
ADD SPRINTS Really fun game just need sprints and have bigger field of cars.
Best racing game for a phone need to add heats and bigger fields of cars in each race..
Amazing Only change would be more cars and a season mode
Good game Awesome  every thing is good but multiplayer
Great game, love it Would like to see a season or career mode. Need to update to more current late Model drivers. And would also like to see cherokee speedway added.
Suggestions Stock car mini mods legends sprints and sportmod hobby and pure stocks even mini stocks better graphics and sound real flagman real pits more damage and more cars on the track also make it where the only thing you are doing is drifting around the corners instead of just driving around them it would mean a lot if u would reply  Bennett racing sims
Great game but need some more tracks and  need more cars on the track at once
Best Racing Game Need More Tracks And Different types of car like Craftsman and Eldora. More real drivers.  Also maybe be able to customize ur own car . also add Chris Coats R.I.P Coats
You need to make it so you can make your own car
Modified Black frame white body black number 2
Keeps closing on my android after I select track
I wish they would add Randy weaver
Awesome It keeps getting better and better all the time
Will you have any questions With the same time for your email and the same time to see if
Make it so we could race at night to
Awesome game Would like more throttle control and more acceleration to bust the tires loose like the real thing
One of the best racing sims Great game bit would love to see some more tracks and drivers added maybe Knoxville. Great graphics.
