Sweet A few questions where do I catch a deor I know its in 50 acre woods but do you catch it strolling Nice battle mechanics like Pokmon pearl I strongly recommend buying this game. Tough like Pokmon redblue. Bit lag for some reason Please take it out in a update
HOLY COW THIS GAME IS AWESOMEI have never played the game pokemon and from what friends of mine say its exactly like pokemonThe only trouble i've ever had with evocreo is a glitch a few months ago and thats it.I love this gameIt has the feels of pokemon
Great Job Guys This is a really great game for pokemon lovers, but there is one little thing I don't really like. After the main opening in the game, the story gets a little vauge. Could you guys up the story a notch or add some more events That would be great, but until then, I'll still play this gem of a game
Amazing game It is an amazing game with great details. I have always loved Pokemon, but they don't have any for mobile devices. This an amazing game and I would recommend it to anyone looking for adventure.
Great game The more I expected a Pokmon game, the more it surprised me I love the evolution system and I'd highly recommend this game. Look forward to any updates
Very fun Well I've beaten everything just tells me to explore the creo lol. Few questions though, how can I get more 10 star creo, how do I get in the columnea building, and last but most importantly how do I find people to trade and battle
Looking forward to more Wonderful game Good for hours and hours of play Can't wait for more. 
Great Game, hopeful for updates The game itself at the core is amazing and there's plenty of variety You catch on very quickly and adapt into what is possibly the Pokemon clone to kill the need for Pokemon on Smartphone markets The only thing I want to see the game expanded on or new releases that allow you to carry on with the same Creep as the last iteration We need a strong progressive system to keep us engaged Looking forward to more
Evocreo 2 new idea Hey evocreo you should make evocreo 2 because we like this game and think the story should continue and eveocreo to should be free
This game is nice. No energy bars , pure gameplay. I hope there will be a multiplayer story mode in future, so its gonna be like an mmo.
Yes I finally bought this game after playing the free version and I love it so much, I like how you can change your avatar Im the shadow hive queen
Awesome This game is amazing just one thing. Please Add furniture and clothes so we can customize our house and Avatar.
Its amazing I just wish the was a lot more to do and more creo to catch but otherwise its ok
After coliseum I have done with the coliseum. Then what's next I havent entered the colmena building yet, i got the colmena pass but the guardian doesnt allow me. And the father hasnt come back. any next update Any other islands Its so addicting. I want moorreeeee gtlt
Amazing Game frfr Anyone looking for that little Pokmon warm up for the wait of Pokmon go or just want a fresh experience with all the same and familiar gameplay of Pokmon THIS IS FOR U
