Best free Lego game for LG Verizon I don't like star wars but I play this game because it is really fun some are hard but I like a good challenges my favorite are the ones like subway surfaces except you are star wars characters awsome game it's worth downloading
I love it This is the best star wars in iPad and iPhone and Samsung I hope there will have episode 2 if can't this game is still nice KEEP IT UP
The force is strong with this game I find this game, really fun. It gets really challenging, once it hits the golden stages. Its fun, as well addictive. Although, once you finish it 100, it can get boring
Amazazing I LOVED IT graphics are good and it's almost as good as the Lego star wars 3 the clone wars for my Wii
So awesome omg This game is awesome I love star word best Lego game so cool
Lots of fun. Played a couple hours and really had a blast blowing up imperials. So far the game plays smooth. Got a weird call on my phone with in 10 mins of install that was a foreign number. Answered and noone replied. I thought that was weird. Maybe they were checking to see if my phone was legit.  So far a good fun stable game.
I am always a jedi. Im good. I love it great game. Can u make a game tho just about star wars episode 3. Since it is my favorite movie out of the six and about to be 7 december of 2015. Tho i due love darth vader and dark sideous i am always a jedi like luke and yoda and obi wan and the rest. I like because its like star wars saga on the ps3 but portable.
Lot's of fun and adventure This is a great Star Wars game for android.  The controls and game play are easy to pick up. And there are different games that keep it from getting boring.
Awesome Aw yeah we get to play a cool star war game and um a question what if we finish all the levels to 100 percent do we gat to play somethin else
Ok  Kill the all bad people's is cool The bad guys are doing Flighting in cool games and i play with  YouTube video of lego games Is coolok now that you have to play with the games that lego is cool with games and YouTube. Ok now that is cool . I'm sure that lego is so bye guys
This is better than star wars Lego completed saga and star wars rebels It awesome I have all the Lego like bionicle hero factory mindstorms and a lot more
Awesome I love star wars so this is a really good Mobil game love it five stars
It's good. This app is a fun way to pass time with no inapp purchases.  It has slightly varied gameplay which should keep players entertained until they fully complete it.  There is also the choice of two different groups of characters to play with not really choose from  in case you become tired of seeing the same ones over again,  but both types play the same way.
Cool game I love it you can hit shots back and kill them best game I have ever played and it is better than grand theft auto gangsters Vegas and rest please play it by messi
BEST game ever I love to destroy AT AT and star destroyers no problem
So wonderful to have my son loves Legos by that To make more Lego games come a little harder from a little easier but they're all still fine
Star wars I love it awesome best star wars on mobile
