My rating Just saying I DID THIS JUST FOR A PRIZE. IT IS MORE OF A 3 12 STAR
Superb It is a must have app for game maniacs  only the problem is you will have to start from zero when balls are over
Best game ever So fun and very addictive This game isnt what i thought. I thought it would be boring game, yet i found myself playing it in class and at the dinner table. I give this game 5 stars  
Love it Managed to get to round 70, be nice to see a few more backdrops, also the mission page glitches a little when you only have 2 balls left to collect, high score is 743,078. Maybe I play it a little too much... A little more dev attention on this app and it could be improved
Skill This game is all about skill. If you have no skill then its not for you. THE BEST BASKETBALL GAME EVER.
Addictive If you're looking for a fun and addictive basketball shooting game to cure your boredom, definitely get this game
Addicitve It's one of the best sports games I my opinion, very addictive but hopeless in trying to do real basketball. Haha. Very fun. I recommend downloading
Should've rated it 3 stars, yet I liked it. The problem is, wgen you loss, you'll get back to the beggining. But still, loved it. Nice app.
Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness Awesomeness
Love it I am impressed Its a very good game. It has really nice playful music in the background, and it has nice sound effects. The game itself is really good. Will keep you entertained and busy when needed. Enjoying it a lot 5 stars from me
Basketball Shoot I like it because you can choose your own basketball and if you get a awsome u get 2 basketballs.
Best My best android game so far..... Simple, interesting and funfilled..
Amazing My google play was not  responding when I was downloading.my cute small 4 yrs brother started crying but afterwards it was downloaded.really a nice game for basketball fans.
My favorite pass time Great game cool graphics and surprisingly addictive. Initially was boring, but man i love this game. Ads are pretty big in size could be annoying.
Awesome One of the best app on PS just 4 mb app and good graphics amazing
Loved it I love it awesome Game everyone should play it follow it on instagram basketball fans play this game it will help with your skills on this game this a fun basketball game it help me improve my skills now i can Play better its is going To be easy play be a better basketball player
Cool game My 4 year old brother has mastered this game Lol. I mess around with it here and there and I would have to say it is a pretty cool game.
