Good Customer Service It stopped working on our Xoom after the latest update but the developer emailed me back quickly when I contacted them. Offered me a refund or an alternative solution.  Very good customer service
Simple and intuitive My 3 year got up to speed with this app within 5 minutes
This is so fun I'm a big kid and love this It's so addicting and is fun for kids of all ages. I play this all the time. Love thup games.
I am a nanny and a mom. All the kids I have worked with love it 
My 3 yo and i both love this game along with all the monkey games i do wish they had harder levels tho once he got the hang of it i think it was to easy
The Best My grandkids love this game it's fun and they get it and can play it and get stickers. They like to see how many stickers  they can get.
helps my girls learn ad that's good enough for me
Kids love it My kids love it, educational
Asome It is very fun
Awesome Game Our boys love to play it.
Good Gooder
Great app Kids love it.
Bravo Fabulous app for 25 year olds  Wonderful way to introduce colours, letters, matching...subsequently purchased all the THUP monkey games and impressed Fun, no time pressures, educational.  My kids love this app 
Fantastic I'm a nanny to two sweet boys ages 14 months and 2.5, they both love it
My LO loves matching fruit
Baby loved it
My son loves this game. He first learned about it while waiting in the bloomer hospital waiting room and it was a great learning game for him. He loved it so much he cried when it was his turn to go back and see the Dr.
Great app for my 1 and 3 year olds
My kid loves this game,. My 2 year old love to play this game.stops him from crying..
My 18 month old loves it. Well made
Anak ku suka bgt ma game ni memacu ingatan n gerak motorik ya
Good game My son loves this game, good learning tool.
I love it because my kids love it and they learning
My kids love this game
Always asking to play This game is engaging to my energetic 3 year old boy. He likes finishing the puzzle and earning stickers.
