Real photos and real sound of them ...... Very good.
Love it Please add more animal for learning purpose
Awesome
very good ...useful all child
Very good app Very useful to children
Its a fantastic way for you to teach your children..... I couldn't find any flash cards that I liked until i found this app. Every parent needs this app
Amazing My son loves it hes always giving me my phone and saying animals. Hes 2 and hes learning alot
Love it  Fantastic app . It would be a bit cool if you guys say some info on the animals along with the name . But still a great app, i recommend it for the kids 
The app is just awsm My 2 year lo he use to give mobile and say doggii bho bho.. means he want to watch animals.. thru this app he is learning abt animals fastly.
Excellent app..... Excellent app and good  voice to reach kids. My son loves it and learned all the animals in this application and says that animal names when he saw that particular animal.
a good book it helped my sister to learn at least50 animals while she is just 1 and a half year old
Amazing  app Worth paying for extra flash cards. Helped my 4 year old son  learn so much
Very Amazing quality pictures and sounds etc.. Need to reach all the kids. Thanks Cleverbit
I love it. Pros Mostly everything. Con The lady who speaks
Really love it My kid noticed tht thr is no sound for the giraffe... lol
Good one My daughter love's this and learnt so much.
love this app kids love to hear true sounds of animals...thank you
A thing of a beauty is a joy 4ever Exquisite Apps. My daughter loves them so much. Please let all apps go free.
Thanks Love this app. My husband and niece like it too
This app is so great Please make another set that will show the Mommy animal and their young. Like mom picture will pop on the left and their youngs pic will pop on the right side of pic while narrating  Dog , puppy. For example. By the way i purchased all of this apps diff. Set cause my 2yrs.old baby girl loved it
Nice App My little daughter like it very much
Best on the planet It is so good that I am planning for full version. Just download and enjoy.
Excellent Fully engaged my 18 Month old
ADMIN plz remove the pig from here becoz lot of people not like to see pig so if u remove pig pic from ur app i think this app is including in top ten on google play thanks
Just love the app. It should b free.
Great flashcard for my daughter, nice picture and sound, liked it
My niece loves it Very user friendly for 18months
Kalpesh Patel It is really helpful application for kids
Great My son will play this for almost 30 minutes.  Thats huge for a 1 12 year old.   Hes learned almost all of the animals.  Its amazing
Super It's very useful for kid's.
Very good Very good application for toddlers. Graphics are nice. Easy to navigate.
