Not my kind The introduction was interesting because it is somewhat misleading. It's drag and draw type of game for a puzzle, which is really awkward because the movements are complex instead of the traditional tapping. Could have been better with regular tapping. Other than that, this game is extremely well done on graphics, sound, and story.
Loving it This is an awesome game for adults.  I feel as if it was geared towards children, though your child would need persistence to get through most levels.  This game is engaging and I have thoroughly enjoyed playing it, with many hours spent on it.  Well worth the money.
Addidicting You frogot to do a extra level. Just try to do it and ou might get the heartroot costume. I love the guy on the title picture. I call him gluber flumber. Wow just thd app of the week and im addicted... ive allways wanted to play it now I can. There so cute... if your looking at this im going to tell you something Barths rainbows UNICORN MAN see ya on the next reveiw
Amazing  It was a great experience the art and controls were smooth I loved it.
Invisible Joystick for devs I love the game and all, but my problem is with moving. I wasn't very good at drawing a path, so I preferred the joystick. Its good and all, but I can't control which direction I'm going in most of the time. If it was only visible when you tap on the screen or similar, that'd be great.
Awesome cuz I got it for free To get it for free tap download then tap redeem the type in the code MONSTERSCAKEFREE
This is way better than I expected Don't fool yourself, this isn't a kid's game. This is by far, one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. It puts so many new elements on a classic puzzle game style and uses the touch screen perfectly
I absolutely loved this game. This game is a bunch of fun. I loved everything about it. Can't wait to play the sequel if it's made 
This game is so great I cant stop playing its really awesome if there was a 1,000,000,000 star button I would spam it like crazy I would keep clicking it. P.S. I also liked when the human saidThis is tye SECOND stupidest birthday ever. I laughed
Awesome game. Took a bit to get used to drawing style movements but once you get used to it is great. Fun and looks good. So far I'd say it's with the money.
Amazing This is a fantastic game with excellent puzzles and humour Definitely suitable for both kids and adults, some of the puzzles are very tricky.
It was awesome My son and I played this and it was tons of fun.  Really well thought out. Challenging and fun puzzles.
Love it I love it I saw it and I got it this game is so challenging and fun I like the outfits lol keep up the good work
Probably best mobile game to date. Worth every penny
Excellent My kids absolutely love it. They've been playing it nonstop  for days.
This game is fantastic I ended up binge playing it till I completed the story hope they come out with a sequel or add more levels to continue the story if you like adventure time you will live this game
Great game good animation as well as it's great humor
Awesome I love it, one of the best entertainments on my android devices
