Nice job Thanks for fixing the bug        PS.Mebey you guys will make a 2 REAL BASKETBALL Also guys I have something that could be another bug when I shoot sometimes it doesn't say I made it in. It happened like a millon times so just saying if you could check that out
Amazing This game is so fun it give you endless turn's. It has different levels. You get to win awards. You get to buy jersey and basketball. And play online.   The game is just amazing. Who ever think it's bad they need some help. And anyone who don't know about this game get it.
Hip sec effects degree egg's fez sub beta Ac bun has duh ha Fm low deck Jeff vibe Arab ftw w reach
Loved it It's good I like had it about 2 months have been playing all the time its awesome its also easey to shoot some people can't shoot its easey always making flawless baskets
Cool game The only thing is that its hard to earn any mp back once u lose it.
Omg Awesome The game is so cool that I can make every basket so easy suckers who think its broken cause they can't make any baskets at all
Awesone It's telling me I need to make 5 shots on night court which I'm way past but not giving me the trophy and I've already liked n followed on fb n it keeps saying error n it shows I liked it and isn't giving me the mp points can anyone help please
Cool but need improvement Everyone I play online, when I make consistent baskets the camera always stay on the basket for 5 seconds and causes me to lose. That's ridiculous
This game like a shit  Nothing, I don't like this game. I'm just want take MP
Keeping It Real Real Basketball is the real deal. If real is what you are looking for Than look no further because this is the best of the very best of real 3D basketball hoop shooting anywhere to be found. AWESOME
Like the game but one little issue... Love this game. It's addicting and it makes me want to go out and shoot hoops.  The one issue I have is everyone I use the practice gym stage the net falls through the ground. It doesn't do that with the first two free levels but for some reason it doesn't it to that one. Please fix when convenient.
Best thing ever I love it but one thing I want cost money but the game  is grea t It also is great because of the best thing there is       toot toots     written by tana
I love it But there is a problem. It won't give me any points and I'm low on them. I keep getting new high scores on Arcade, but it never gives me any points. Plus, I keep on going to Online and it keeps making me go vs Level 9 or 8, and even 13. Please fix that makers of this game. But still, deserves a five star.
Devin Dude this is awesome and I love it but it takes to slow and keeps freezing so don't listen to them losers get this game and rate to get free rp
