Love it At first story boards wouldn't save. Developer responded to emails quickly and offered a solution or refund if not. Can't fault that service. Issue seemed to resolve itself and I'm more than happy to have paid for the pro version. Great fun, great, simple app
Great app. Could use 5 things in possible update 1. an undo option 2. A confirm delete option maybe with a do not ask again check box 3. maybe a general setting menu 4. Maybe a distortskew proportion for text art and  5. The option to make diagonal and other shaped panels. I guess any features that comic life on pcmac have would be sweet Otherwise, love it. Best panel creator on the appstore Thank you so much 
Great app I was using the free version, then I had a question and the developer answered promptly and beyond app related. I just bought it, and I'm already having fun  with it. Thanks for a great app and great customer support.
Great app Questios On the Note 4, can you tell where I can find the share button
Good app for making cartoons and comics. I've just bought the pro version as I wanted something similar to an app I used on ipad2. This is not perfect as you can't draw on it and it takes awhile to work out the controls. But it works fine if you import drawings made by another app. I'm using a hudl2 tablet and it seems to be compatible. Very pleased, so far
Great forty making single page COMIC strips want to make a single page comic strip on your phablet this is the absolute BEST app to do it.  Nominal price is fair for what you get on this great app. If you want to make multiple page comic BOOKS or full fledged graphic novel with as many pages as you want, try using this app, ComicStripIt WITH the app called Graphic Novel, also available on the Google play store. The two apps together is like a marriage made in heaven.
Love it It's a little different with the s5, but once you figure it out it's awesome
More kinds of writing. Fun.
Great Great app love it
Love this I've only just purchased this and already I'm looking forward to hours of fun Love it
On nexus 7 2013 This app is superb. I've tried quite a few free comic book creation apps today and they were OK, but limited.  For the tiny price of 99p  however, you get so much more. Used in conjunction with a free art app, and you can easily make your own strips. I've just quickly made and uploaded mine to my blog Excellent excellent excellent
Kyocera hydro problems Thought, Word and captions are not working for me. Is it my phone
