My siblings love it Has lots of cool sounds and colors and songs ,  my siblings always say  more, more And great idea with the thing that won't let the baby's x out of the game while its playing , I feel much better knowing they can't. X out, and start getting into my stuff  . ... I say its 5 stars   Totally worth it lt3
Great app My 1 year old son loves this game All I say is wanna play animals and he instantly goes quite and just sits there on my lap.
Amazing But  1 problem Such a cool cool app I absolutely love this  The graphics and sounds are amazing,  very easy to use  Only problem is there is no actual lock to keep the game running it is too easy to go back to homepage.....
Great for babies My 11 month old loves the interactive screen with all the noises He also learns animal names, sounds, colors they are, and features they have. Also, no ads And you have the option to take off the home button so baby won't click it accidentally and get mad.
Big Joy for d starters My kid instantly changes into happy mood at seeing this.He loves to fiddle  with d enthralling sounds . Lion n tiger sounds need to be refined.
Fun and learn...  My lil one loves it My baby loves this game.  Animations are very cute and loveable. Sounds and music are also very peppy for babies. She dances on its tunes. Love it.    Improvement required...  she is able to come out of the window and hence closes the app. If the app can lock the screen... Like a blocker... Unless volume button is tapped or some other action is required to unlock the app and get back to the phone menu...Would help.
Great app Even with your new hidden menu buttons my daughter can still swipe the menu and keeps closing the game. If you can work out a pin lock or something that would be better.
My 15 month old loves this app. Keeps him very entertained . Great sounds, music and graphics. lt3 we love it. Thank you
Grandson loves these app. He loves it soooo much that at times I have to turn my cell off for awhile Thank you for these types of apps for the kiddos I'm a happy Grammies   
it is awesome... I just wish my 1 year old didn't always push my home button and exit out of it.
Love it I'm a dad of two and I use it mainly use the app for my 4 month old but even my three year old enjoys this app. Very impressed and very happy with this app
Baby loves the movement, sounds and color. He really is captivated when I turn the app on.
Loved the app Please consult school or curriculum developers and plz correct the phonics because we don't use ABCs any more, other than that I love everything you do its interactive with the child and attention grabbing. We'll done guys.
My 2month old loves this game he stares at the screen and gets excited when the monkey comes on
Please add some more animals like bunny, dog, fish etc. My1 year old love this app
Awesome My baby brother loves it He loves it so much that he tries to take the phone from me
Great app My 4 12 month old loves this app keeps him well entertained he grabs at the animals and giggles at the noises great app for babies through to 3yrs
My 2 yrs old daughter loves it  I just wish for a lock screen option 
Love it My nephew loves this app  He gets a big smile when the animals make noises.
Interesting Good app very good my 18 month son loved it and plays well with it. Good background and smooth, nice graphics and very easy even he can follow and touch each animal.
Best app ever An absolutely wonderful app for baby to enjoy and discover new animals Love it
Loved it so much My baby loved it, he always smile and laugh when we play this,
Keeps the kids busy. I'm a photographer who struggles obtaining constant toddlers attention. This is an awesome way to bribe them as a reward.
Nice Baby App Thanks for nice baby app developed Really for 12 month Baby.
Please reply I think this is a great app but you could add more to it
My baby loves it My little one very happy to play with it, and likes graphic animals and sounds so much... very simple and easy for kids. nice app.......
my 2 year old loves this i love that when my son pionts at the animal it tells him what it is. he gets so excited
Animal sound for baby Big help for growing babys Improving intellectual, attitude.
Baby Sarah Loves these apps Just can't get enough
My 1 year old has the biggest smile on her face when I hand her my phone and this is on it. And I think the 2 little songs are awesome Slop, slop, slop That's how a piggy eats
Animal app Kid loved it Mesmerized at age 3 months.
