My Healthy Addiction This game is a fantastic way to keep my brain sharp and in shape.  I get to learn new words everyday and have fun competition with friends,  family,  or complete strangers Definitely cannot go a day without playing
Exercise I love this game because it challenges me and gives my brain a good workout. I don't know why we can't challenge some words it says are invalid that I see used often in daily life.
Loved it  I like how it looks and it gets really fun after a while when you play against a friend. But if you want the adds to go away, when they pop up after your move, you have to buy that.... But other wise its a good app 
WORDS I love word games, but I think that this one is the best so far. However, I don't understand how a word is acceptable, but it has no definition.
Toiletrymishap One egg, two table spoons of paprika, angel hair pasta up to 2 cups. Half gallon of water. One pound ground beef. Take a blender add all ingredients.  Blend.  Then dump into pan and bake. Don't add all the water.
Play all the time I like the dictionary feature.  I also appreciate that there's no in app purchases, so it's truly skill against skill, not who has the most money.
Love, love it Just too many Ads.. other than that, Great game to keep your mind stimulated
Addictive I love this game It's the only one I play. The only negative is that it's addicting and there are other more important things that I really should be doing 
So great Love this game, always have, the bugs are fixed from last time I had it, it no longer crashes my phone. Although I wish it would stop showing I have a move on app icon when the only thing it's referring to is a previous game ended to rematch them.
Words Some words are not so easy to get helps learn new ones and it's a lot of fun.
Great tool for learning. Needs more definitions for some of the obscure words but over all very enjoyable.
Words With Friends Not liking the new feature where the game shows me the words I missed at the end of each turn. Can you add an onoff button, please Other than annoyance the game is great, not much lag or wrong profile pictures. Thank you, Zynga.
A Mild Obsession I love this game. I have multiple games going to keep me satisfied. Hoghly recommended for wordies.
Michelle Love playing with friends and family.  I'm totally addicted. Need to fix problems with freezing up.  Happens when I play on my phone and tablet.
