Not skery for me but I love it but it is hard thank you Scott From jordan I completed it and when I go on girl's night foxy is on can you fix it please and golden freddy was  no where but he kill s me can you fix it as well and they is bug in five nights at freddy's 2
Not scary for me fnaf 2 Great game I'm on night 3 I can't pass it because foxy always gets me it's also really addictive I play every time we go somewhere I'm always glued to my tablet and playing fnaf
This isn't scary It is a VERY cool game but it isn't scary cause for me I know when who will come out I wish like if there was a serten luck if another anamtronic would get you
Quit your belly aching why dont you go make your own game from scratch and see how hard it is. Scott puts time and energy into these games.
FNAF2 This is not scary except night 6 because of golden freddy.night 6 was the hardest out of all of them because of foxy And I thought night 4 was harder than night 5 because night 4 took me like 12 times but night 5 took me 1 time.And about night 6 it took me like 7 hours to complete it and im just a KID But I know night 7 has a trick for me.
STILL THE BEST But... Scott, can you please fix when Bonny 2.0 New version comes to your room and when I put on the Freddy Mask, all I here is Bonny leaving the air vent. Please fix it so it could be like the PC version where you could see Bonny or Chica pass by your mask and disappear.
This game is super scary Dude this game will make you jump out of your pants great game Scott I hope Five nights at freddys 3 will be available for Android 
Great But I think you need to nerf foxy 1.0, I flash my light a as many times I can but I still get killed. Other then that great game and worthy of 5 stars.
LOVE IT BUT... Why r there so many characters is hard to keep track but fun game amazing things but I want store like the first one so I can get cheat mode
You know what Ten stars This game is so wicked and awesome once foxy jumped out at in the middle of nowhere. I don't like that you have to constantly have to wind it up, but a great game. HOPE YOU ENJOY THIS GAME
Scott let me just say this, you are genius This game is amazing, and you know how I asked you for a refund, and for that I am truly sorry that I did that, no hard feelings right Well that's it for now see ya Mr.Cawthon.
I know how to beat it You have to keep your camera on the the music box and keep flashing your light it down the hall and vents you might not be able to beat it that way you have to do it at the right time
Reply For Golden Freddy Glitch Its Not A Glitch Scott Cawthon Added That Golden Freddys Head Gets In The Hallway So You Have To Flash Once
five nights, five stars If you love horror and you like strategy then this game is perfect for you. This game is literally a game changer. I have never played a better app on my phone than these games. I am beyond stoked for the 3rd game. Your a night security guard at a Chucky Cheese type place called Freddy Fazbears Pizzeria. What could go wrong
BETTER THAN THE FIRST This game was amazing but it is not as scary as the first because the jumscare isn't as high piched as the first jampscares. But this game is probably the SECOND SCARIEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED right behind the first one. And I might be over reacting but this is my favorite game of all time
Please add this For pc in 7th night you get to chose mode for pulshies but in pc you can do that AND use the numbers how come thats not in ios ipad or galaxy tab Add it please in next updatebtw night 6 was so hard and please add the bunnie animation this game was so hard and fun hope the new fnaf3 thats coming out soon will be a sequel not a prequel
Great game It was a great game but its just not scary I played the first one so much and then this one so much I just know when I'm gonna get scared but I loved it, it is still fun to play 
GET THIS APP NO DENIEING IT You betta get this boss app or the fnaf crue will hunt you down, they were at my door in real life couse I didn't at first.
Great game but I wish foxy wouldn't appear on like lady's nights also I wish I could customize them a little but its amazing
Love this game so freaken awsome So good but night 2 boloon boy blocks my light to sees in the hall and foxy keeps killing me and mangle plus the creppy laughs and the hellos and hi's they say but I'm only eleven
Here's why... The game it's so addictive Every time I fall asleep I think about even in the car I pull out the phone and boom like a zombie I'm playing the game .... well see ya I have too beat foxy foxy mode.......
