m I really had fun playing this game Definitely worth buying. But some features need to be improved. Jump button disappears sometimes. Game closes after tapping back on the devise. Some resolution issues... Though these things are minor, and the game is still awesome.
I have played many games an have always been annoyed by requests to rate or leave feedback.  THIS IS THE FIRST GAME I HAVE EVER WANTED TO LEAVE FEEDBACK ABOUT  I love this game and would like to see more levels and music added.  Definately worth the buy and i would suggest to all  Controls are smooth and concept is creative...love being able to listen to the soundtrack as well...GREAT JOB  THANKS FOR MAKING THIS ONE GUYS
Most Metal app ever  If you love metal, you gota try  Plug in some Headphones and crank up the Volume
Next best thing to Super Meat Boy Love the gameplay. Perfect balance of challenge
Great game Im happy to pay and help you guys out
Freakin Awesome Sauce Duh Its metal D
Brutal m The most metal game ever.
great game but why does this remind me of super meat boy
Is Metal Just 4 metal music xD
This is metal. Yeah, it's kinda metal.
,, satan  Killer ...
Awesome But please make the buttons bigger
Well...if it wasn't for the soundtrack I would break the phone 55 would rage again
Finally Finally got it to stage selection.
Best game ever I have just played for some minutes but the music is awesome and the game is very entertaining. I'll wait till I finish this one but I'm gonna buy the second one.
As good as it looks  Awesome....get it. Metal head  You will be in.......heavenhe11...lol. Addicting as a Slayer riff 
Metalhead should play this This game is brutal
Won't download Gives me an error code when I try to install
Love it
lt3 Metal
Great game
Kinda cool
Brutal Fun, addictive and entertaining. Smooth gameplay and setup, easy to use menus, good graphics, brutal soundtrack and overall a good game for any metalhaeds collection
Solid game I'm a 2d platformer junkie. This game fits right in with my collection of android 2d platformers. Well done controls and gameplay. Nice soundtrack. Gameplay is similar to Meat boy. You will certainly die a lot       Well worth the 1. To the developer keep up the great workmusic
Black metal What a game for metal beads... M
I love the music The game is like Mario brothers gone metal
Metal Mongrels you must get this game NOW BUY IT NOW... m  m   METAL UP
Die for Metal was never been so fun Excellent. Like the retro games but and a lot of metal lml
Fantastic I'm a big fan of norse mythology so this game is great for me thank you sinsquid
Awesome tracks, awesome game Love it
Sweet Smooth gameplay, hard courses, and brutal tunes make this a sweet game.
Great Awesome
Brutality
Music is freaking awesome It would be awesome if you made a killer space shooter with awesome graphics and killer bosses with great metal music like in this game I am addicted to that music
Hell yea first to rate Black metal man was awesome...this blows it away...its like super meat boy but way more metal Seriously out did yourself buddy The soundtrack is sick and the gameplay just as good...other than the minor studderlag its perfect..METAL
