Solved my issue, on LG Gpad LG VK810 having issues greenifying, so I purchased this and installed Xposed Frameworks and everything works fine now. The 7 day refund was comforting knowing if it didn't work the developer stood by his app. Kudos to you.
So far so good I love this app...it does exactly what its supposed to...this is a great app but i have a little issue with my note4 when the case is closed it cant access the apps to shut them down...just wondering if there is anything the developer can do to maybe fix this if not what ever this app is awesome
Worth every penny I've been using this ever since I've been rooted, it's great if you aren't rooted as well but you'll be missing out on quiteafew great features... And once you add the xposed framework, there is no better control for your battery eating apps
Excellent Like others I don't really need the extra features from the donate version but have purchased it to support the excellent developer.  Edit one problem I do have is backing uprestoring using Titanium. Greenify donation complains about being corrupted and I have to reinstall from Play Store.
Make my phone's battery last longer I've been using this app for a long time, combined with Xposed framework and Power Saver for maximum result. This is very beast, my phone's standbytime increased significantly and no need to charge frequently. It's one of the other worthed app that u can pay for your beloved phone.
Best app ever Im always having a big big problem about stupid apps run behind background in my Android phone.I tried many ways to cut it off to save my battery's life . But it's just hopeless.  Thanks to this app. My battery was now best than ever. Um gonna install it on every Android phone I have.  Thank you so much developer.Keeps for excellent work 
Battery saver Excellent... Works great.. Freeze system apps and most user apps then watch your battery last significantly longer... Hi5 Greenify devs You all deserve the donation... This program should be native on all devices.... Thanks again
Donate to hibernate GCM apps This app is quite good given root, but far better given money  In the donation package, the ability to hibernate those pesky power hungry GCM apps facebook, messenger, ect and yet still receive notifications is invaluable to your battery life. A must have for any rooted user. Highly recommended
Updated to 5 star cause my problem resolved THANK YOU OLD 1 STAR CAUSE I WANT YOUR ATTENTION SO I BOUGHT THIS DONATION APP TO HAVE ACCESS TO FORCE SHUT DOWN PREINSTALLED USELESS APPS LIKE YOUTUBE, ALBUMS, MAPS, ETC DIRECTLY FROM ONE CLICK OVER THR WIDGET, WHICH I DISCOVERED AFTER BUYING IS NOT POSSIBLE TO DO FROM ONE CLICK OVER THE WIDGET. SO I'D REQUEST YOU SIR TO PLEASE LET CLOSE THE SYSTEM APPS AS WELL WITH ONE CLICK OVER THE WIDGET OTHERWISE IT'S A GREAT APP  I REALLY APPRECIATE IT THANK YOU
Corruption I use custom ROMS and its annoying when my donation package corrupts when I restore it from titanium backup. Great app, just annoying bug.
Works beautifully. Exactly what I needed after trying all battery savers, firewalls, etc., to reduce power consumption. Bought the donation pack too. Just awesome. Some improvements necessary 1. A sort functionality. 2. Rotating phone has rest the selection in my case. This could be some bug. 3. Sometimes double  sign appears. Again could be some bug. Observed on Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge G925I with Lollipop 5.0.2  CF Auto Root  Xposed. As on June 21, 2015.
WORTH EVERY MEAGER CENT The dev here has done more to still the parasitic SUCK on batteriesdata than any other. Beats CM's fake hibernation, ad infested bloatware off the map The Xposed modules for rooted devices are a freaking joy A ton of value for a small donation. BTW, Google updates fug great app features on the reg, due to greedcontrol issues. Patience and the workarounds will come... jeez, Where's my Hossenpheffer lil' emperors or what
It is worth it I found myself using this app a ton, so I donated. I think it's absolutely worth it.
One of the best apps I've stumbled upon I have a Rooted N5 and have used the app for about a week now. Since I've installed this app there has been a noticeable lack of battery drain. On average I would have below 20 battery by the end of the day. Since installing Greenify I now have about 4050 left by the end of the day. Well worth trying for yourself.
Best Xposed App Ever If you know what you are doing, and the apps you handling then you shall be fine, this will save you more battery than all the mumbo jumbo out there And yes the alt to this for battery saving is turn off 2G3G4G data, also wifi Better yet would be simply putting your phone on airplane mode, works the best even this app can't save you that much Pfft what rubbish app cant save me more than airplane mode
ESSENTIAL his app is absolutely essential I have always been obsessed with apps running on their own when I'm not using them especially games  I used to use 3 different autostart managers  massively  constantly had to mess with the autostart settings, trying to prevent apps from running on their own... likely also messing stuff up in the process. Then I got Greenify I have reset all my autostarts to the default settings  Greenify takes care of everything FAR more effectively. AMAZING app
Edit All working now Can't enable donation features I visited your Google page and discovered the problem. Thanks for a great app. I have purchased the donation package but every time I try to enable a feature it says I need to install the donation package. I've uninstalledreinstalled the donation and greenify, cleared cache but no luck. Greenify in the about section says thanks for your donation, so it sounds like it installed. Any ideas Thanks
Wonderful Apps This apps really works wonder. I appreciates your work. Take this as a reward and continue keeping up the good work.
