Thx for the fix My son says nope sorry when I open the app, but is gladly surprised when it actually works He can now go back to cracking up over DipDap Again, Thx for the fix
Battery issues resolved Update All fixed, thanks
my 4 year old has loved this for a long time and now my 2 year old is having a ball with it too. great app.
Epic Cool
Genius I love it. My 3 year old loves it. Gladly play for more scenarios.
Simply brilliant My 3yo loves Dipdap  and this app He finds it hilarious seeing his drawings come to life. It's great there are no pesky inapp purchases, so my bank balance is safe. Love the way the settings are locked to just parents  ingenious.
Beautifully done Love the cartoon and this app is a wonderful companion, or kids love drawing silly things that dip dap then interacts with
Brilliant My 3 and 8 year old both love this. Simple to use. They create little animated drawings which Dip Dap interacts with. Keeps kids entertained for ages and no adverts. Bargain
Awesome One of my best app buys so fun me and my 5 year old just love it more please
Stuart Ingles Great game for the kids, I'm even  enjoying playing it.
Great app This app is well worth the price. My four year old son loves it and I have to admit that I play on it too
Wonderful. Fantastic app, keeps my 3 year old entertainined for quite some time.
All the stars. My favourite kids' app by a distance. Distinctive, imaginative, truly original and beautifully executed.
Excellent I love this game, jyst as much as my 3 and 6 year old s.
Fab My 3 year old loved it, then it came on TV and she was very impressed that she could do everything on TV
Kids love it Love this app it's entertained my kids and given me space. Thanks
Cute Entertaining. Love watching my four year old playing it
Great App My son loves Dipdap and this app allows hid to be creative,  have a good lough and lear to conttol find movement.  It's brilliant
Keeps the little kiddywinkles entertained wot wot
Brilliant Our 2 and half year old loves all things dip dap especially this.
Awesome My daughter loves this game
Dip dap Loved it
Awesome Our little boy love's this, very good app.
Great for dipdap fans My 4 year old loves it.
Brilliant
It's good because you can draw funny things
