Best Wanted to use this for Windows so being able to try it out on Android for a few pounds is sweet. One of the best tts voices. Better than Microsoft ones. I will be using these voices with my other apps
Amazing. Biggest improvement to Android available.
I'm Irish and I like it I'm from the republic of Ireland, but living in northern Ireland. This reminds me of home every time I use it. Thank you.
 Caitlin I just love hearing Caitlin's voice. What a beautiful accent. Only trouble is it doesn't work on the latest version of Google maps. But that is Google's fault. To hear Caitlin's voice I have uninstalled all updates on maps and disabled Pico    tts voices in my phones settings. htc Desire 610   
Perfect app Love the genuine voice.  After playing with the text to speach function I can find only a couple of phonetic hiccups which are perfectly livable.  Also works very well as an audio book voice over. All in all very impressive work.
 Like I said in the title ''. This must be the best kept secret or most ignored on the play store. I've been through an army of ugly tts, some from this very company, but Caitlin is like listening to a real person. I'm just blown away right now. I used to say Ivona was at the top, but this one voice just best them. Why isn't this one being showcased as a flagship tts
Amazing if it would only work again Very realistic and pleasant, good enunciation.   UPDATE  Changed  phone from Android 4.0.4 to 4.4.3 Samsung Galaxy Light can no longer respond.. ENUK and ENIE in prior version are overridden here in US by Samsung default which can not be turned off like Google's can. Please please add all enxx language codes even if not fully supported
I Love Caitlin, but google maps has taken over This voice worked great until last google maps update. The 2 women fought it out for while until Caitlin was dead. I will mourn her loss Goodbye sweet girl
F.R.I.D.A.Y. Now that Jarvis has a new job, someone has to answer the phone and run the helmetsuit.
Amazing Cheers
Some issues, but still great. The voice has a few issues with homophones is read pronounced red or reed, for example and will read colloquialisms like hmm as haitchemmemm, but on the whole, a very polished product. Super for ebooks on Moon Reader.
Great TTS app I uninstalled updates and disabled Google text to speech engine in settingsapps and Caitlin works fine in maps. No need for TTS Stop. Thanks for the reply, Barry
Great TTS voice Just the thing for those of you who think the default voice just doesn't cut it.
Excellent voice, best on Android IMO. Only wish more apps supported tts andor used the native sdk. Works with Google maps, bit not with Waze, which is curious because Waze is owned by Google now... Caitlin is super sexy
Best available Search if you must but Caitlin is your winner.
Totally love it Love the voice and app, but would it not be better to make the logo a little smaller so that there is a larger reading panel Something to think about.
Brilliant. Works very well. Pronounces street names better than my garmin GPS.
Title Description
CereProc Caitlin Sorry Ivona voice Nicole, I'm in love with a new voice Caitlin is  by far the most realistic voice I've heard so far. Excellent in everything used, very, very lifelike. I also bought the U.S.English voice but I feel the Caitlin voice is more lifelike. Great job to a company I'd not heard of before. Galaxy Note II
