Show some support Been using this app for so long now just purchased for support. Chainfire really deserved this sooner....oh, actual review this app has been nothing but flawless on every device owned samsung,moto,lg,htc...
This one is as essential as Android Kernel   But my purchase of SU Pro is now lying idle because CF Auto Root is not available on 5.1.1 version of Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.  CF, please do something about 5.1.1 Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.
Missing root because of workplace policies Simply loved it when everything just worked beautifully with root. Then I joined a company where I had to untruthful my phone to have work email on it. Coming to the point, this app and this dev rock.
Pure Awesome I probably wouldn't use any of the pro features but I've been learning so much from this developer and XDA that paying for pro is the least I can do to encourage these guys to keep doing what they do for us all.  Bravo Chainfire
Just Brilliant Intuitive is an understatement, it reads your mind, combined with your favourite recovery and toolbox applications ON THE PHONE in normal use  i.e. NOT using fastbootadbany usb interfaceprogramming skill  it does what it has to quickly, cleanly and no fuss
Bloody fantastic I have been using this for years and I have finally decided to pay for the full version simply because you are wonderful peopleperson and do not throw annoying popups at me asking me to buy the full version. I did make the mistake of trying to root 5.1.1 with an older version of SuperSU and had to download the apk and install manually to fix the mess it created. Other than that its great.
Seriously Awesome app. Never have had any problems. For the people who have problems, why don't you do some basic research, seriously.  Multi tabs and google is are best friend, check out xda or something other than complaining to the dev. Hella
Simply the best I don't need pro features, just supporting the hard work. Thanks for lollipop magic...
Its about time Your like the Jesus if I believed in that. The rising sun and the setting moon. The hero that's their but nobody notices... The silent protector of root access. BTW can I toss you a donation for a beer. 1 doesn't cut it for your work.
Ditto on Brillant I just feel that I am in VERY GOOD HANDS. I NEED brilliant because I am not. Paying for brilliance has never bothered me at all. Thank You  Mr. Chainfire
Take my money SuperSU is fantastic. It's allowed me to get and keep root on my phone from the day I set it upand that was with the main free SuperSU app. I happily give money to them because I support what they're doing, they deserve to get paid for it, and I hope they keep doing it. You own it, you pwn it.
Awesome features and Question I bought this long ago and I didn't leave a rating... Also can I switch the license to system app I have had to reset my device a few times and it would be convient If the license stayed installed
A must for root managing Although paying is not needed, still totally worth the price
Legendary My first root many years ago I used CF SU and still going strong, glad to support.
Show some support for his generosity Great app working perfectly.   When I noticed the button on the settings menu where you could unlock all the features in the pro version without having to pay for it I had to buy that guy a beer for his work and generosity.   Incredible Keep it up
Didn't need the pro features but they are great to have. Really just wanted this to thank chainfire for all his hard work, amazing cf auto files, and other contributions he's made. I greatly appreciate it, thank you.
Dev support I've been using the free version for 2 solid years and figured it'd time to support the Dev. This in combination with other root apps make a reliable and secure android.
Very useful Thanks I've used the free version with all Pro features enabled for long enough I figured it was time to compensate you for your service.
Thanks Chainfire Thanks for the past years, purchased to support your work.  You've done so much for the community, and its appreciated
Same as many before me... I too didn't need the pro features, but wanted to support the dev.  Thanks for a great app
All hail Chainfire Keep up the awesome work. Whether you need the pro features or not I don't, buy this if you want to support the developer and keep all this great work coming. Thanks Chainfire
Just works. Thanks chainfire Bought pro just because I've used it forever and these guys deserve support for their work.
Great app, great dev Now shut up and take my money
A1 application  A1 Developer that deserves the donation feature if anyone does. Go ahead Mr Chainfirehats off sir thank you for your dedication  hard work in making android that much better.
Supporting Don't NEED pro features. They're nice...but I'll pay just to support chainfire and all his dedicationhard work.
First class app Many Root apps just won't work without this.
Simply Excellent No fuzz, no hassle.
