Money well spend. The ending on arctic was so touching I literally watched it with tears. Thank you creator
You need this game Stop pretending, this game is hands down one of the best out there. It is charming and rewarding to play. The game takes ages to get through, it's challenging on every level, and has new rewards on each level depending on how far you get. In a pinch, this is one of the best
Amazing Never have I been so glad to have bought a game on my phone, no bulls inapp purchases after you have have bought the game That is a big plus in my book The game is rewarding,fun and addicting...GET IT
Perfect for a little downtime Whether on a road trip or just killing some time at home, it's the perfect game with just enough challenge to keep things interesting. Reminds me of the days before DLC and when people fully completed games before release. Very well done
Awesome, one minor flaw I am loving the game so far, and everything about it is amazing, from the gameplay to the art style. The only flaw is that when I start up the game, the screen is just white, and I have to reopen it to fix it. This doesn't interfere with anything, and is just a minor annoyance. But I would still like it to be fixed. Awesome job nonetheless
You. Need. This. I was hesitant at first, but I love this game.   I honestly cried at the end of the arctic level. It hit me right in the feels. You are nothing without this game. The art of Fishing with toasters and chainsaws while dualwielding miniguns. Great story.
What every mobile game should strive to be Ridiculous Fishing is a a fun, addictive, and... well.... ridiculous game. It breaks conventional mobile formula by being a good game rather than a cash cow. You won't find any shady add placement or freemium assets in here. Buy this game, if only to support these talented and creative developers
Great game Simple and enjoyable, there is an unlockinglevelup system but it is there as an incentive to play, not as a means to encourage in app purchases There aren't any. Happy fishing
Curiously Charming and Loads of Fun The game has such a unique art style and the gameplay has that classic arcade style with an rpg like progression to it that keeps you coming back for more. Well worth the money, especially when you find a gem like this buried on the garbage that tends to flood the play store. 1110 would reccomend.
Exactly as promised by the title Fishing, but ridiculous. Ridiculous gameplay, ridiculous items, ridiculous fish, ridiculous amounts of fun. Worth every penny Get the original, don't support the ripoffs. Be ridiculously awesome.
Awesome. Really, really awesome At first when I chose to get this game, I was unsure if it was going down to be worth 3 dollars, but it definitely was. The game has a big in game shop, making there a lot to save up for, and there are a lot of maps the game makes you really want to unlock. This is one of the best games I've seen out there.
The Perfect Amount of Crazy This game has such a nice theme to it. The vivid color and unusual art style goes very well with the wacky premise. The music is splendid too. The gameplay is fairly simple, but it works very well. There's a good amount of unlockable upgrades and new zones to keep you going for a while if you're the kind of person who needs tangible progression to keep interest. Over all a great game, I say.
Rifishculous Great game for a great price. Fun to have while you're waiting for a flight, on break at work or working if you don't care too much about your job, and if you just need something to compliment you sitting on the porcelain.
Amazing game Perfect combo of entertaining, fun, absurd and witty
Great game Awesome sound, music  theme. Well done. Fun leveling system with no inapp purchases. Looking forward to more from this developer
I now love fishing I love this game..it is such a simple idea but it was presented so perfectly..one of the highest quality games in the millions of junk in the store..I had to literally FISH it out
WORTH THE MONEY VERY FUN and time consuming......worth the money
Truly Fun Fishing The game never makes you feel likes its going for your wallet all the time. There are no ingame purchases, just fishing for the fun of it and unlocking new equipment. I wish it had cloud saving though so I could continue playing on a new device.
Wonderful game. An awesome buy. Loved every second of this game. Great for 3
Awesome Fun gameplay and a great time waster. Would love it if you added more content or made a Rediculous Fishing 2. 10 would download again. Do the math Thanks        D
