slapdaqular all over if this game dosnt work on ur phone its not the game its your junk phone with no hdd at all buy a better phone go get a moga pro and play this game
It's fun with a good story line. My only complaint is that I bought the bow, but I cant use it yet. Make sure you're nice to the dog and train him to fight.
Works great on an HTC sv one. Gameplays smooth having a bit of trouble and I'd like to move my controls around but it works amazing and plays just as good if not smoother than on the console. Sodas
Funny and fun Great game so far, loving the humour and the combat seems just right for mobile. Hoping at some point I can get a 5 greatsword or the like...
Snarky Cary Elwes written and performed, accented dialogue, and an action RPG format to design your own party Hack n slash, parody send up done right, and running brilliantly in HD on my droid turbo.
Samsung galaxy s4 I love this game and even after I lost my in app purchase the developers REPLYED back and have EVEN gave me my bard topped up back thank you very much n i hope you make part two to it i will recommend this game with customer support aswell not many DO REPLY BACK BUT THESE DEVELOPERS DO AND HELP YOU AND AM VERY GRATEFUL FOR THAT
This game is awesome but... I had a problem. The butcher got killed and I could not progress AT ALL. I also spent money on the game. Lost it all. Had to start over from the beginning of tower 2 . five and a half hours of game play just gone. Did not say anything at first and would have given the game like a 10 star but I guess crap happens to paying customers.
Pretty fun little RPG, the controls could be a little better however, all in all I say it's worth it. It's a nice bonus to include the original trilogy.
A bards tale I finally got the game working on my Xperia after a lengthy download, but it is now working good with the settings on low for all. Still as good as the PlayStation version but so overall it is good. The game itself though, is bloody hilarious so listen to the dialogue between Bard and narrator....  Lmao Oh and thanks guy's for the support and assistance, a good team. I look forward to buying more games...
I'm hooked seriously I love this game.  Nice graphics and story line.  I love how it's not boring like other RPGs and love the sense of humor.  It's really funny and good job on voice acting  I would have rate it 10 stars. Not laggy on my octacore processor very smooth. GOOD JOB DEV  Fyi the song is stucked in my head beer beer beer fiddly beer beer.....
Interesting game with witty characters It's really enjoyable. The narrator is amusing, the bard is an arsein a good way and the storyline is pretty interesting and funny. The gameplay isn't all fun and games either, it's pretty tough. I find saving everytime I can because I kept ending the tale so much that I'm now afraid of losing progress. There's one problem though, make an option to save my options, it kept resetting my dpad mode, autosave and map settings.
Best game on android This is with all honesty the best game produced on android yet. Amazing graphics, retrostyle fighting, funny comments like heck, alternative endings and ways to play. No need to paytoplay. That's a massive bonus.
