board games has what u need in one app instead of downloading a bunch of separate apps I've played before miss it so downloading again just one problem in past when I tried to make a move in parchis it got stuck at times but was a minor set back for the most part I like it but for different ppl different strokes  we all are different glad it would be boring if we were the same 
Very good I can play any board now even if i don'have itand it is real quiz to download
Great App I get so sick of people complaining about the ads...if you wanted a no ads game, why download a free game  LOVE THESE GAMES BY THE WAY My boyfriend and I play them together, great for couples game night. lt3
Board Games Highly addictive And loving it My day is not over until I've played
Controls and multiplayer The control are fluid and intuitive. The multiplayer works just like you'd expect it to.
Lo mejor Es increble el poder que tiene esta aplicacin,  te desestresa increblemente. Lo nico desesperante es la barra inferior y lateral de anuncios
best app for ever...... best app for ever . it has many games....... i liked and enjoyed it....
Indoor games Wow A bunch of all indoor games.  I loved it very much
Brandon Gaines Love the app even if  invole and adds I play it on the go and I play it at home and .
Nice board games It,'s nice to have several games in one colorful  fun place
Board games Very good. But how do I get the other games
My only complaint is you should add more games. But I love the ones it has.
Plzz add chess and pool Awesome games keep downing guys
Parchis Just love it. Takes me back to my younger days.
Awesum Very very great game. A set of awesome games in it. Nice idea.
5 stars I have it on my phone and tabletI LOVE THIS APP
Amazing I love this game it has no bugs and it has the ultimate multiplayer experience.
A pure Timepass for me...never get bored of it
Perfect 1 star cool game                              2 stars no ads                                 2 stars doesn't lag
Great job Keep up the good work guys
Simple and engaging Perfect way to pass the time for children and adults alike. My favorite feature is that this app doesn't take up much memory on my prepaid phone.
Loved Remembered my childhood again.I missed it a lot.
Good game Most of the board games are in this. Good job
If u like trying new things then try it
Happy for this game All game r together..... And i play all game nd so happy...
