There is no comparison to the others This scanner app is by far the best of its kind.  None if the other Android apps even come close.  It's reliable  consistent.  In the years I've had it on my phone, I've never had a single problem with it. It runs smoothly  is straight forward  easy to use. It has actually continued to improve by offering new features.  I highly recommend it.
Joe note 5 I love it, i got the pro version, works everytime.
this is perfection I have been using the paid version for years.  They are always updating and improving the app.  They never take away functions our ask to pay more  All I want now is a donate button
Very good It catches the area that I live in where others doesn't
The best You will not find a better police scanner then this one...
Im sure this has been asked and I have missed it along the line somewhere but if it were possible to monitor 2 or more feeds at one time would make this app better than Star Wars Battlefront on the PS4 lol.  This is by far the best app I have ever paid for. Had if for many years
Good scanner app This a good app to have a radio scanner on your phone. Also good because it uses GPS to find scanner channels near where you are.
Love it Can hear what's going on in my neighborhood and the world
Great aop Operates consistently. Many customizable settings for your preferences.
Awesome I love this app I switched over to this app from another one and man, what a difference Feed is clear, I can save my favorite station, and much more I bought the paid version of this app because I like it so much
69 Fg sucks don't have my area
Scanner radio Love this app because if something happens around the country I can get better info than from the media.
Very Reliable Emergency App We live in tornado alley and use this app to monitor local fire, police and Skywarn realtime information during storms. For example, tonight we were in a TORCON 7 and relied on minute to minute coverage as a squall line of super cells crossed directly over us. Thank you for this app
Best scanner app I've seen
Best scanner on the market I've had this for a few years now and love it. Tried others also but none compare.
Best scanner app so far
best scanner app oit there
Probably the best audio scanner around.
Scanner Radio Pro Excellent. The best scanner app anywhere.
Great app Keeps me informed and is very flexible
Great scanner.
The best
Love It
The Best Best Scanner out Here '0.o
Great app The best app i ever used.
Great
Best yet I recommend it highly
Love it Its works awesome
