Best Bubble Shooter Game in Play Store I LOVE this game. It is simple and addictive. I've tried all of the free bubble shooter games in the play store and this one is by far the best. The graphics are really good for such a simple game. I only wish it had more levels. If you love bubble shooter games like I do, get this one
Awesome It's a very light game with various levels and easy going colorful balls.  I had to uninstall the other bubbles shooter app simply because it was too much stressful and balls would suddenly change color after shooting ruining the whole shot  This is the best to enjoy and relax.
Solid , superb I love this game but it is a simple game but lovely game in the whole play store very nice ....................... I love this game and it is awesome and the first best game on this whole earth superb , solid bye tc everyone hahahahahahahahahahaha
I says very good and relaxing game... Really nice. Good
Very good app I have tried several bubble games  their was always some kind of problem but this one has been perfect on my android tablet  I'll be keeping it for as long as my tablet last and thank you for  sharing your work 
Samsung Galaxy Fame Best Game But One Problem When You Finished The Level No More Game
Bubble shooter I enjoy 2 play ...bykali,sandra
Relaxing Easy to play but very satisfying when completed. Sometimes ball would get stuck but nothing too put you off this game.
Not had a go as yet.but hey. Looks good.. Balls
I love this game when I instal the game after half and hour I complete the 20th level
Loved It. Simple but not easy. No ads, no waiting, no BS. Perfect app. Took me about a month of playing at work to finish all 300 levels. Thank you for making this
Bublle shooter Its nice to play im enjoy it.thanks for it.
Grrrr I am a super addicted in bubble shooters games hehehe  its so simple but awesome
It's totally addictive almost 200 in the morning  still playing
A super game that I have seen in any bubble shoot games My best the game. I also reached at above 100 level. It is fantastic.
