Great game Great game Dont trust anyone tho, they will turn their back on you like you never were friends
I have hated game of war cause it was confusing but this one I understand
Too many troops This is a great game but there are too many troops in provincial and capital city .It's almost impossible to occupy one
This game is noce It has everything that we have been trying to get dragons of atlantis to do and they won't so if you want to change games come to this one, this is a fun game but it is very demanding on money.
good so far I might rate different if change my opinion
Good game When will the developers going to merge all the servers.
Great Game Landscape mode option I would love to play it in landscape mode 
Addicted ITS FAR BETTER THAN THE OTHER. GAMES IN THIS CATEGORY LOVE YOU
Whats the contact number for this  I have locked myself out and it wont link to my facebook
Great game senate level 5 already Strategy game lovers Smooth no bugs
Great game Love it not to easy not to hard
Pays off if you're persistent Like many others, I was wiped out by a much stronger player. But the game gets interesting the stronger you get and no I have not spent cash yet. Just make sure you align yourself with an active Alliance with a strong presence around you... That way, you can all help each other grow Great game, 2 thumbs up
Gameplay outclasses everything available at the moment, sticks true to the genre and offers a very very in depth game with all the frills one could require to ensure great game play , but not sacrifice performance
Love love love So happy found this game love it just wish the gold card lasted longer didn't have extra cash then. Figures though it's gone now that I have the money
Best This game I just started I declared war on many empires
Great game if your not a wimp and don't like fighting. Much easier and better then games like it.
Very cool game. Its better than clash of klan. Everyone should play. My invitation code is qi4e3f7yra
Better then the Other Just like War of Worlds but better
Good so far wulyf4alh3 code for free stuff
