Love the game After long time I found such interesting and easy game on android, no need to put brain just play n enjoy. Can say stress relief game
Like seriously It's the best game I ever played keeps me a very good company I swear I lov this game Guyz download it yo won't regret
Great simple game Love this game it is very simple something quick I can do to take time outta of my stressful day
ADDICTIVE Amazingly addictive games that could actually be used as an excuse to tell you're folks that it's a memory game. The memory game part of it doesn't even exists when you're racing past indicating family cars and double decker buses.   Fve Stars. c
Great this is such a excellent fantastic super fantastic wonderful superb game
Only my favorite game I love this game But so hard to get that third car. I guess thats what.keeps me playing hour after hour For those whom want a fun time racing, GET THIS GAME and its FREE
At first glance awesome The first couple of hours the game was awesome all of a sudden it closed. I tried opening but all I get is a black screen for a second than it goes right back to the icon. I uninstalled it and reinstalled but it did no good. Please fix so I can go racing again. They fixed it. Its awesome again.
Its fun It was hard at first.but after playing a few times it became addictive trying to beat my best score.i found myself spending houres playin.good game.just need more tracks...
Fantastic Game Tip tap top it up guys,I never get bored playing this wonderful game.... bravoooo
If your not drunk or high, and can slow down enough during lane changes, you will have a blastZoom Zoom Crunch
It is useful for brain quickness and taking sharp decisions I love this game . I really enjoy it while playing
Intresting game ever Its a wonderful game ever . I love the idea of the game they have made . Of course i love this wonderful game. No problems in this such game .                thank u               hiba tur rahman
I LOVE THIS GAME This game is fun the first time u get it you'll find is stupid and hard but after you play it it's ah wonderful, fun and exciting game.
Awesome Not unnecessarily complicated. No fuss. Doesnt slow the phablet down.  Too good. Best for relaxing aft a hard days work.
Exciting  challenging If you fancy speed highway cruise,then this is one challenging game for you.You cannot predict what lies ahead of you until you hit that pedal speed.Absolutely exciting  full of surprisesOnly glitch are constant ads reducing view range of obstacles ahead of you.
Good game Very difficult game but interesting.I have trained for more than 3 years.        Thankyou speed car
Sweet Easy and fun 5 stars easy Great for long rides very much a time consumer. If you are a stressor. This will destress you enjoy
Fun,cool,and awesome Awesome game good for car trips
Beauty of drive So cute drive to play  Very good to play  Good entertaining and time pass
It's cool Nice. It is stupid but it's entertaining and fun
SpeedCar  a lightweight, simple racer yet, it's totally addictive I can't stop playing. it might be a simple, basic scroller but, it's awesome fun. control movements are smooth and flawless. You've got good old growling, revving engine sounds right out of a '70s console game and with a half decent run, you can unlock your next howler with only 4000 points. what more can I say. It's like tequila on steroids
Great i love this game so addictive and fun and suits everyone, sometimes takes a while to load byt overall its great
Speed thrills but kills Very good for time pass won't get bore its tooooooooo simple game thank you oooooooooo studio.
Good, Good, Good Soo amazing and enjoyable. Can't stop playing
Nevaeh I love this game and i think its awesome.One thing i love about it is it has nice cars. A nother thing i love about it is you feal like youre going to win but crash. I realy like the game because its challenging. I like the game because it fun. And at last i like the game because it has other cars in it. Thats why i like the game.
Speed car Amazing love it good work ooo fantastic brilliant omg love it love it love it

Sadaqat Ali Good game Good game Good game Good game Good game Good game Good game Good game Good game
This game is my favourate super sexy controls and smooth game play .a compact game having superb quality graphicdThis game is my favourate super sexy controls and smooth game play .a compact game having superb quality graphicd
Cool car Lots of fun. Need to control. Be concentrate. Good to try.
This app is like the best game ever if you ever give a speech on this app u should give it five stars l love it and I am a girl I am an my dads tablet I am the little girl in the picture
Love it Its amazing you get to speed up and slow down I can control my speed its good I enjoy it a lot
