Love it I get hooked playing this game. Something to do to fill in the day when I'm bored. I love it. I even have my six year old playing it and he loves it too.
Good The only reason I'm commenting on this is because they keep asking maybe if the game would stop whith all these glitches  u would have more people download it  so If I was the person reading this  I wouldn't download it bt that your decision
Very cool... Simply a checkers game to pass the time. No glitches. I actually beat the computer at the mid difficulty level.        
this game is very fun used during a party to keep myself and the guest entertaying and loved is a lot of fun this game works very good is a lot of fun is a very cool game doesnt crush so far try it si very a good game to have in
Good, thumbs up This game is good n challenging. Nvr lags. Gd game. Keep it up 
Checkers Its pretty hard at first... Then u start seeing how to make patterns and start looking several steps ahead and you get the hang of it REALLY QUICK
Best in its feild Great game Im hooked now.only one thing though, the difficulty level changer seems to always be the same level of hardness wether you have it up or down to the max.
Simple and Perfect Great version the game. Simple and perfect. One problem tho, THE COMPUTER IS WAY TOO SMART
Nice I enjoy playing checkers.This app z cool. I recommend
Easy n Fun A simple and easy game. What can be more fun than a good oldfashioned game of checkers  Kudos for making this game so easy n fun, nothin complicated n it runs smoothly
I like this app. If I am depressed I set the difficulty level to easy so I win. If I am feeling my oats I set the difficulty level to just slightly better than my best. Great way to pass time. Great ice breaker when next to someone for a long time, like on a bus trip.
Lol been so long since i played I got rusty Nicely made makes u think before u act
Awesome Im giving it 5 stars because the app works perfectly and its good quality and everything I was gonna givebit 3 stars because i dont like checkers but i realized that the game is awesome its just i ALWAYS wont enjoy checkers so if you love checkers i highly and strongly reccomend it
Alright On my device its fine. I guess it depends on the device your using on the app cause all devices work differently and have different features and I don't mean just this one app only, I mean on all apps so if all the apps on your device don't work properly there must be something wrong.
