Thanks, JackSepticEye and Markiplier I watched and laughed at some playthroughs on YouTube and decided to download it on my phone. Very cool game
Multiplayer You should totally add a multiplayer mode 1 person as the cure and helping to not spread infection and the other as the infection. Or a coop mode or some how to play with friends.
Great Game Watch a few youtube tutorials if you cant make progress instead of going nuts in comments. Just beat nano virus and haven't spent a dime. My favorite game on my phone.
Nice app I only  infected the whole world like twice. I'm quite bad at it..... BUT THAT DOESNT MAKE THE APP BAD Awesome game guys 
Great game, but... I would love it if it were possible to have the cure have varying results, such as working better than expected all the way down to complete failure andor makes cure more aggressive. Still hoping for randomness as of 13112015. Hoping since the game came out.
I did it in 935 days Great game You don't have to buy anything to beat this game just time as I have proven...
Plauge training 101 Well im curious if this is a game influence from something of the last starfighter I mean the goverment could totally recruit freaks that are succesful players from this 
You like killing people That is the definition of the game. Really fun. If you want the game to be better and more challenging, on your first try, put it on normal. This comment was posted after i won.
Worth it I just destroyed humanity 3 times in 1 morning. Nostalgia alert. Great game, A
Awesome but kinda gruesome This game is very fun, but when you actually think about it, this game makes you kill everybody in the world even little kids and really young people like in their cute age 17.
I love this game. I haven't payed for anything on this game so I'm really doubting that people are and I love this game. They should make a multiplayer type thing on this game to. Man I wish I could rate an 8 star on this game
Brilliant game I heard a few people talking about this game so decided to have a go, after a few failed attempts at eradicating all of mankind I finally succeeded  This game is far too addictive and such a fun way to kill some time.
