Awesome I like games like this, card battles, just started playing and yet getting addictive to it. Hopefully it will be more fun, lets find out
Beeeeeeesssst game Fffuunnnn and lot addictiveand gorgeous. You fools and dullheads. Nobody should say that this games is not awesome. And I thank turnout ventures
A BEST GAME AND AWESOME GAME plz read carefullyplz First I play BEN 10xenedrom I CLEAR 24 levels then I firstly watch video of BEN 10xenedromPLUS it's video is is better than video of BEN 10XENEDROM then I download this game and which I can seen in video is amazing and game is also amazing so my suggestion is it is amazing ,awesome,I don't have any word how amazing this game.
Addictive At first, I thought of downloading this game and letting my younger brother play it. Then, I figured it'd be best to test it out beforehand, so that my brother would be satisfied playing it. I seriously start to regret it. Now, I can't even put my phone down
Finally a good game of ben 10 After all funny and ridiculous games of ben 10, this game almost represent ben 10 animation, at least from my prespective D i hope the dev will launch a crussor movements style of this game later..thank you
Coooooooooool This is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo awesome and cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
What a game This is very very awesome I don't have words to say but be sure to download the Ben 10 fans cant refuse to download it.
Awesome game I like dis  I never played like dis Much of games because I had only 512 Ram
Amazing This game is very beautifull .i love this game when i play this game i feel better
This is the really nice game BEN TEN HAHA PLZ DOWNLOAD THIS GAME
I love this game this is very  best game I  love this game this is very best game 
So amazingSo action butt I study in class 3 sectionb. Action
Excellent I download this game And play first i can't power up the cannonbolt then it power ups
To much cool It is very cool  game I have all aliens
