Update Very best game.  It's only game i installed on my grand 2.     My quires.  The expert level is toooo expert. Practically its not possible to take pieses what ur level does. Although its possible to defete that level. U should controll expert level.      As said earlier plz plz add slow motion replay option, to review a perticular shot.          Plz reply me. Thanks
Feels real board Real competitiveness. Not exagareted..its feels like real. So small app My favourite game. Now a carrom board is very costly. This one feels real. Only a resolution issue in placing the striker, its ok. But more resolution wud make it better.
Mind blowing u.can play it fr for hours Mind blowing u.can play it fr for hours.  But facing little bit problem while blue tooth connectivity
Carrom Board 3D I really enjoyed the game very much but I think that Scored Board Chart to be deleted whenever I wish,otherwise Good Apps because I have won many matches with the intermediate
Must download if you like this game. It's great You can view the board from various angles, can zoom in or out and then take your shot from the suitable position. And others features like difficulty levels also available. Nothing more required to play carrom on your mobile phones.
Samsung Galaxy S5 Over roll its  nice game...  and i love lisha ... very much... sei love lisha.. pls vote for mee to improve in my love... pls help for love frd..
Really nice. Enjoyed playing. good combination ofVery smooth movement and coordinated geometry.
It's very very excellent and easy to play for all ages and good to use and play one of the best game for Android mobiles
Nice game Impress.. game is really good.. and it cant take to much ram.. enjoy...
The game is very close to reality. The movement of the coins is very accurate. The beginner, intermediate and expert level players give a feeling of playing with a real person. I have not explored all the features. Over all it deserves a five star.
Awesome game. Fave way to timepass Fantastic game. Great work. Just one suggestion. The expert level is godlike and unplayable. Will the developer consider adding another playing level where in the computer takes about 78 turns to finish off the game and then the highest could be the current expert mode, GODLIKE MODE. it will be very helpful such since the current medium level is too noobish making players lose interest while expert is too hard to play
AWESOME Really amazing game..helps to learn difficult shot in real life game...tough to win at expert level.
Awesome Its the real best game i've ever played. Just a quick suggestion, right now its too much friction on board. May be adding an option of the powder that could cause less friction will make this game more awesome.
Su Good chins gjjfc gjjfc drums gas ings Hinckley jinx. Offce jgxjv HDFC jgfc. Jgfc. MmHg. Outcomes jgfc BBC its k Hz. His. Bhrshkgx inc. Ogden. Luv. Inc. Jvrbk. If. Jgfc mjfxjgdsv xxx vis. Udder huff. Obfuscation. Ifs. Mud. Jgfc. Kgdtiursx tryjvdhje Dhabijbsbict.v. Fznjr. Hrs. Ifs bifszve xgkhgte kudos. Jugs.
Excellent Awesome,lightweight,less ram consuming and good gameplay makes it a cute game.Thanks for this game.I play this regularly with my brother.So,five stars from me.But please try to add the bluetooth multiplayer mode....Thanks....
Nice game I was just thinking of algorithms used in this game. Even cut shots giving same result as if it is real carrom board. Sometimes it get hung but nice game. Got addicted to it.
Excellent  Game and very realistic Enjoyed a lot. Hopefully they will come up with paid versions with out adz with multiple skins
Nice game loved it I'm playing this game nice v.V.v nice game loved it
Simple game I luv this simple and exciting game,it is very good to spend a time,it has a  simple graphic,so i can also play in simple phone in a very smooth condition.
Very good. A little difficult to aim but on the whole very addictive. Enjoyable.
One of the best App game Awsome perfection in the game. V.good timepass
Awesome application Wonderful application. It always give temptation to play the game.
Finally a very good, realistic carrom game I love carrom. My new company doesn't have a carrom board, and I was looking out to play carrom somehow, somewhere. This game helped. Its better than nothing. I love the ai of the computer player, typically the choice of shots. The game play is also smooth. The game physics is also better. The effort deserves a huge applause along with 5 stars.
This is feel ur playing on the board. happy to give it 5 star. This is my first 5 star rating. This is really good. Feel real shorts. Feel like ur playing in real game.. good work.  Keep it up
