Use on tablet with scrabble I find no problems at all,  in all aspects, it works so well I was beating scrabble at the extreme level continually, lost interest, the computer could not make better use of 's'
I love it The only problem I have with the game is the last update you guys did it messed the game up.... it won't load sometimes at all and other times it take a few minutes. But other than this it is a pretty good game
It's Great This app is wonderful.  I am learning words I have never heard of  the multiple choices are a boon. Only thing I cannot  do is get a screen shot on my Kindle Fire
Simple to use Easiest word solver I found. Love the paid version without the ads
PERFECT I love this app, it's so easy and  really gives you the 'edge'
Excellent app.
Word breaker Love this app.   Very helpful 
Helpful app And helpful devs
Dictionary Which is the best dictionary for English's uk thanks for any help  great app
Miss Wife
I've never seen another app that does what this one does I think its kind of amazing.  You can choose how much or little help you need.  The board solver mode is still unbelievable to me  I'm pretty savvy when it comes to the programs that drive many of the more popular apps.  I used the free version for almost a year  finally upgraded.  This app can make anyone seem virtually brilliant.  If you happen to be brilliant anyway, it's still an amazing app
Excellent And the customer support staff is simply amazing
Fun to use Very helpful in teaching alternate ways of playing
Best WWF cheat I love this app. It allows me to follow several games at once. The ghost mode is great for filling in your opponent's plays, or your new letters. The builtin dictionary helps me learn new words. Better than my old cheat, never suggests a disallowed word.
Great App I use this app when I'm stuck on a game and can't see a word to play.  Very helpful 
Helps really well with word games
Quite impressive.
Awesome Fantastic
Very helpful Easy to use.
So Helpful When I get stuck, this app is great...and it has helped me to see words that I never saw before.
Awesome Still love it, Febuary 2013, It's now July 2014, still love it. Highly Recommend it.
Great help Makes me win
Wordbreaker Very smart and.easy.to use
Works great Well written, and comprehensive,  code.
Great App Quick  easy to use. a must have app.
