Shirt and sweet Yes the first part is short.  But if you enjoy it you will want the next parts.  At time of writing I have just blasted through the first 3 parts in 2 weeks. I believe that for 9 that is good value.  It was highly enjoyable and I love the mechanics and the story.  I'm not sure it is as repayable as 80days but I thought it was worth it.
An excellent start Wasn't sure what to expect, but didn't expect to enjoy this so much. Made me genuinely laugh and engaged me a lot. Almost missed my stop on the train a couple of times.
Amazing A stunningly beautiful interactive experience. This is the best way to play a choose your adventure book. Cannot recommend it enough
The Sorcery Series Bought all 3, out of them number 2 was my favorite. The entire series is well worth the 15.
People say People say this is too short. It is in reality pretty good and very satisfying. True to the books but also modern and entertaining. Worth the purchase.
Amazing Game Hands down the best mobile game I have ever played. The mechanics are phenomenal and the story outstanding. I will be playing every installment of Sorcery
Brilliant Such an in depth story and so many variations. I can't put it down.
FF for a new generation As a kid in the 80's I loved read fighting fantasy books by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone. This little app brought back my childhood and is amazing
Great game I love this game It's really well written with nice graphics but a focus on text based story telling.
Great game I love that they let you play your way and don't force you to collect things. I won't spoil it but you will see what I mean when you play it.
Pefect mobile CYORPG Ace little game, only hitch is it can be done too quickly. Loads of replay value. Getting Sorcery 2 now
Best mobile game ever made. Worth every penny.. The second one is better btw
Brilliant Please refer to title
Bit short bit i loved it
GreatUnrivalled Replay Value Amazing replay value and fun mix of game and book
Amazing Very well done. Really good story, every decision you make feels like it has a huge impact 5 stars easily Worth every penny
Just stunning Well written and fun to play
Loved it
Love it
Just fantastic
Perfect.
Fantastic Wickedly inventive and highly produced choose your own path adventure game. Visually stunning, wonderfully written, intuitive controls and great fun to play. Has multiple paths to choose from, and definitely deserves multiple playthroughs to see everything the game holds. Easily the best RPG i've played on a mobile phone.
Wonderful story A short game, but there's a lot of replayability. I got truly invested in the story and characters evidenced by my spending a good half hour trying to find a sequence that let Jann stay with me for as long as I could make him. Entertaining and fun, it's a lovely little game, and the combat is great. Spells are fun too
