Like sands through the hourglass... This is one of my favorite games. It feels like doodling but a bit more fun. Also doesn't take up ALL your attention so you can play while watching TV or while sitting in a meeting. Hope that the dev team will continue to update with new elements  maybe plants that overtake structures like vines
I wondered how much i could type here before i got cut off but then i didnt get cut off so i was happy. But then i wondered if buying the premium version of this app would make things even funner than the free version and i definitely was not let down . Just love this app it keeps my mind awake the whole day. Thank you. I think i will now put a fullstop here and hope that i actually stop blabbering.
needs more elements very entertaining but may get repetitive and boring due to the lack of a wide variety of other elements
Wish I Could Buy More Elements I love this app, Id be willing to pay more money for more elements like wind, blows materials around, pretty simple, gold soft metal, melts easily and coats other materials, helium would make anything that surrounds it float. Or really whatever ideas you guys come up with, MORE MATERIALS TO WORK WITH PLEASE
Amazing game This is a really great game and is definitely reminiscent of the older sand and physics java games. The only problem I have is that the icon is really ugly with the big red asterisk. Perhaps you could change it to the same icon as the free version
A great port of classic Played this classic painting science game since 12 years ago online and flash. I would use this in my computer classes for a fun and academic focus of all ages. Having this game on a touch screen is awesome. One of the originals would let you save or load any picture and turn it into an interactive science mess. Good stuff. Thank you
Awesome game Our child loves this and begs to play. Really great for children, incorporating planning, cause and effect, thinking skills, etc.  The only thing that could make it better is being able to automatically wall in the top and bottom, but even without that feature, this is a solid 5.
Amazing just one thing. This game is amazing it will keep you busy for hours I think it would be cool if you could change the gravity by tilting your screen, of course you could turn it off so it doesn't get annyoing but that would make it so much cooler I also think some more elements would be nice Huge thanks to the developers for making an amazing app.
A must have I was a bit skeptical about buying this at first. I had tried a few apps similar to this in the past, and they were very buggy, slow, and hard to understand. This app is fast, smooth, and very easy to use. I can spend hours of time playing it without really noticing how long I was on. Definitely a cool time killer for while you are bored.
 Millions of fun. Pretty much the best falling dirt sim out there.
I write notes with thermite There is also a Sand Free with no ads or other gimmicks.  It's freefree, and a lot of fun, so I went for the Premium version immediately.  In Sand, you can paint with water, sand, wood, wax, lava, and many other items, and they behave appropriately when they mix.  Fire and water makes steam.  Water helps plants to grow. Gunpowder burns with chaos.  Sand Premium adds Metal, Plutonium, and other items.  It's always fun to play with, and very fast.  Highly recommended.
Great Virtual Sandbox I love the sandbox, you can experiment and stuff like that. It would be cool with a FEW sound effects like bubbling and I know you have 44 Elements but I think you should go further into development for this product. For example, iron, lightningthunder that can zap water and iron to make volts and burn the iron and probably something like a few cool solids. 'Nough said, keep in mind to add some cool features
Make more Please add to this More elements, or whatever. I'd like to see metel that has a secondary like the rockcement. Maybe have molten metal that can cool in clumps. Cool faster with water Please I play this EVERY night Been months
Very addicting Very fun game. I hope you can add the option of puting basic shapes and more elements , hope this game evolves more
Multi touch Would you mind implementing multi touch placement of sand I like to play this with my little one, unfortunotely only one person can draw at a time.
Spot on I love drawing a pot with metal, filling it with water, putting a torch beneath the pot. It actually makes steam. Also filling a giant circle with nitroglycerin, running a fuse to it............ BOOM Salt won't melt ice though, weird.
Brilliant I've never seen something like this before. When I first opened it I was not expecting to get what I did. The way the different materials interact with one another is so hypnotizing and I can't explain why.
This feature should be added TILT PHYSICS This game is great, but it would be so cool if you tilted your device and the things like sand and water, oil, lava, etc moved around That would be so cool This is a great game.
Great Game Endless ways to go about using the app. Would be neat to have the option of a time control Luke a sort of Slow Motion if possible but either it's well made
Don't play this before bed You'll lose sleep.  The emitters are a great addition as well as the thermite and metal.
The water should flow like water. This is a fun and ultimate time killing game. But the water should flow like water, not as same as other element. The water in this game tend to act like sand. Water should flow like, well, water.
Great time killer, Runs beautifully in HD I bought this mainly to support Rej and his development of Caustic  pure awesomeness. However Sand is great on its own and lots of creative fun. Even runs well on a full HD tablet  Thanks Rej
S4 Fantastic game i don't know why i hesitated in buying this sooner an easy 5
