How mathematical this game is... The aim of the game is to get Finn as far down the slope as possible without being overtaken by an avalanche. Theres a lot of unlockables here based on challenges that you do. Some trickier than others. Easily the best cartoon network game on tablet
Very cool, once I pick this game up its hard to put it down. and Jake says funny things while playing I love it.
Awesome All the adventure time games are my fav  Love em. Only one in this one glitch, though. Sometimes it won't let me skip and start a new game when the current game is over. I have to restart the app. Besides that it's perfection.
Played on my Nook hd, no glitches, updates fine, blasts of fun Thank you cartoon network
Awesome This is one of the BEST games ive ever played. But it would be cool if you got costumes for bmo
Really fun app I love it its very fun you should buy it but there is some glitches but i rate 5 over all.
Still the Best Adventure Time game on any appstore Great gameplay, good graphics, addictive endless runner. Well done thankfully you don't have to put money into a game to stay competitive
Love it Great fun but glitches on my nexus 5. Four stars till they fix it
Love this game Great way to kill time. Found it very useful in hospital. Good rate of progress and you don't need the in game purchases. Played loads and its still fun.
First Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun Fun
bombastic tis most radical and excellent game. loads of fun and is most choice for time wasting. awesome to the max 3
HOW AWSOME IT IS I love this game and i think everyone should get it and i also like the all the power ups like the ice bull and the wolf and i like how jake says funny stuff but b mo is annoying and he destracts me alot
Great game but has cloud saving bug I bought and played the game a lot on my old phone but when I got my new phone and signed in it usually doesn't have my unlocked stuff but occasionally it has everything. Kind of stinks to put a lot of time into a game and lose it all. Hopefully they can get that fixed soon. 1010 great game
Great I originally bought the app because I watched the show. But after a day of owning it, I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this to those that need a fun way to blow off some time.
Best in the world game The first Game that hit me in the head is SKI SAFARI  ADVENTURE TIME. This is gone from good to the best game that they ever created . If it isn't working then take back what you paid . ARE YOU WITH ME OR NOT.  OK
My favorite mobile game. It's soothing as fun and sweet and exciting all at once
Flippin' awesome Very addictive and entertaining. Had lots of fun playing this game, and I still have.
Awesome Action packed super fun and silly game and I LOVE it
Totally bombastic,  except... When I get a mystery chest and and stop before the avalanche catches me it does not let me have it. Other than that l, this is a great game An excellent way to kill time and very fun
Cool game My son loves it, at first it didnt work we couldnt even start the game in the beginning, but now he's happy playing it on his tablet. Only problem is that it doesnt work on MY tablet no matter how many time i uninstall the app. Help please.
