Not Downloading Fast Enough It's a great game but it takes to long to download if you don't have WiFi connection.
Never gets boring I see my sister  play it all the time and she is only 8 years old it does not use Internet so it's perfect for going out 
Adore IT Best game everything is so realistic Especially the lipstick The only thing you really need to change is the options. Its not as fun if almost all of the things are locked. Thanks. Also, please give feedback
I'm a super makeup fan This game isn't like any other games it's better and the girls look awesome even if your makeup isn't really pretty... Any who this game is the best game I've ever played. I barely started playing this game last week and I counted all my girls and I have 218. Ya I'm so addicted to this game. But at least I love this game
Really, genuinely fun Opportunity to get very creative with the material provided but only using paid version of game. Only tiny criticism is we cannot change shape of featuresfacial expression and no black eyeseyebrows available.
A little bit annoying bit I still love it This game is a little bit annoyin that you have to pay 3 to unlock everything but apart from I love it it is one of the best games that I have ever played. Thank you for making this game.
5 SUPER STARS DOWNLOADED THIS APP FOR MY 9 yr. Old DAUGHTER AND I 39 yr. Old GOT ADDICTED...LOL
Amazing game This game is awsome it kept being fun every time I played it whenever I get bored I would go and play it oh and please please lower down the prices for the full version I really want it so much things are locked without the full version
This is such a good game I don't even like fashion or anything but I love this game
My kids love it My two daughters love this app They have a chance to be so creative and they love makeup Keep up the good work connection stays great, not too many ads, free things to upload, no crashing so far   Thanks everyone lt3
Just one thing I think if you really live the fans of your app then you should listen to what they have to say and keep updating to want suggestions the would like to have for this app or other app you have created
Fun game This is my 10 time playing this game. It's really been the most fun to have on my phone.I think that every thing should be open. But it's still fun.
Awesome I love this game so much                 you have everything lipstick, lipgloss, earings, eyeshadow,  mascara, some sort of nice face paint and I can keep going on and on . I love it but it would be cool if you were able to dress her but still its so cool .oh and its not bad if you dont have the full version I don't have the full version and I think its awesome.
Amazing I love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love this game
Loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooved it. Luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv luv. This game is perfect to me.
Awesome and fun I absolutely love this game it is fantastic I rate five stars but I wish there was more options but I still rate five stars I luv luv luv luv luv luv luv this game
Love it  awesome
The best  This is sooooooooooooooooooo good it is amazing I love it you can make your dream person it is really supercalifragerlisticespialidocious. The best the only downside is the adverts but I don't care about them. You will love it is the best makeup game I have on my phone. I swear that you will apsalootly love it.OMG OMG OMG  LOVE 
So fun Love this game I love making cool designs Every time I'm bored I just play this game, keep it up My only little complaint is that I wish the full version was free, but it's not such a big deal to me.
FUN FUN FUN Ok this game is so fun but it gets so boring but its so fun if your like 7 8 or 9 years old this is the perfect game for yall 10 11 and 12 don't get this game serisly
Awesome I love this game u can make the cutest peeps I just showed my friend the cover and she loved it and I give it 5 stars also because it's gives u stuff for just watching videos tale my advisor ce and get IT 25
Perfect Guys, listen to me. If you would like a most best ever and amazing makeup game on your phone, i suggest that you stop reading the comments and download MakeupMe  Superstar now  Thanks Libii for another one of your amazing games.. You rock  xxxxxxx  Lots of love, Leah
I do love this game  it's in all of my tablets  I am downloading it in this one too  I will recommend everyone to download it.          Riddhi Khilnani
Love it It is amazing there are no adds as in like just random pop ups its cool how you have to watch videos to get the makeup and everything don't listen to anyone who hates this game cuz it is amazing so i think you should get this game
Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love it
Amazing but... I just love playing this game it is so much fun. But it would have been way better if there was options for girls to do makeup on. Other wise I just love this game. Also the stuff that say watch a video I unlock them and when I come back the stuff are locked. Plz fix that
