Great fun It is what says on the box. Matching mechanic is clever and fun. Highly recommended
Unique Best pixilated dungeon crawler I've played.
 So much fun Very addictive
Addictive This game is incredible
Fun I like this game. I like the leveling up of certain attributes to make you stronger as the game gets harder. Has some replay value if you take a break from it after and come back to it. I'm actually looking for more like this game. Samsung Galaxy S4
Great Fantastic game. Fun, challenging, cool to look at. Worth every penny
GAME IS NOT TOO HARD I read a few reviews about this game being too hard. It's not. The people that say this is too hard just cant be bothered to put time into it. If you like the 'match 3 or more' games and like rpg's, you'll love this...
I'm addicted This game is perfect to kill some sparetime. It is simple but not boring  I'm really close to score my freedom
Adventure with tetris It's sorta like puzzle quest, but in my opinion its better and somewhat easier.  It's good, while it lasts at least.   If you get bored of it you can always erase the game data and do it all over again.   I'm working on a 2nd play thru atm.
Satisfying The perfect blend of puzzle and endless runner with RPG elements that I never knew I needed. No micro transactions, an enjoyable difficulty curve, great music, and high score replayability for those who want it. Took me 4 hours to beat and I enjoyed every second
Simply Amazing One of the coolest games I have played on any platform A fast paced, utterly addictive, puzzleRPG in the same vein as Puzzle Quest, but with endless running thrown in for an extra bump in fun factor. Fantastic music accompanies the classic 8bit graphics and gameplay. Worth all 99 pennies Can't wait for a sequel
One of the best Really fun gameplay,  and even a little bit of story. It's only a few hours long, but if you have an afternoon to kill, I'd highly reccomend it.
One of the best This is easily one of the best mobile games ever made.  Combining elements from runners, matchers, and even rpg's to create something wholly unique, fun, and addictive.  Worth every penny, kudos to the dev team.
Excellent Concept, Great Execution A fun and clever spin on the match 3 type puzzler. The fact that each type of block is useful in different contexts really makes you think about what you should clear from the board first. The pixel artwork is charming, but I think the game would have benefited from a little more polish on the visuals.
Challenging Mix Great puzzle gameplay at the core with plenty of charm. Upgrades and progression that doesn't feel forced. This game is all about skill but is simple enough to pick up and play a round or two.
So awesome Such an addictive game. Don't let the basic graphics deter you. So much fun
Frantic fun time stealer A great concept,  part puzzle reflex based action, part rpg and massively addictive to boot. Frustrating,  intense and challenging  thoroughly recommended.
Awesome. Maybe too awesome. Really fun and addicting. Probably too addicting for my own good
AWESOME What a great game. I wish I came up with it. The best game on the Android platform by far.
Yes Totally retro puzzle matching that I have been craving Played through 3 times. Never gets old. Can't wait for that sequal esque game.
Brilliant Great mechanics. Great graphics. Great music. Super replayable. Worth every cent.
