The OMG of Star War games I loved this game more than I could even imagine It played so flawlessly on my galaxy 5. Please please please come out with part 2
Best star wars game Star wars Kotor is my favorite game but whenever I press continue in the menu it glitches. So I can't continue with my game. Please fix
Putting this in the front very important to me. Go to the company that made the games website and do the thing so they make the second game mobile also cuz i want to play it again.  Game works great for me once again happy they fixed it. Now Time to make the 2nd on mobile
BEST PORT This is the same identical game we all played 12 years ago on Xbox and PC. All the featuresgameplay is present in this port. Nothings is scaled down. You are truly getting bang for your buck as the content in this game is MASSIVE DONT CONSIDER THIS A MOBILE GAME, its a full fledged RPG with the content of skyrim or mass effect. Expect to do nothing but play this game for the next 80 hours.
Amazing thus far So far I love the game. I've only just made it to the undercity of Taris, but plays well. I've had no instances of Lag whatsoever, and I have the graphics set as high as possible. I use a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge. I really hope KOTOR II gets ported too.
Wonderful Excellent Plays great on my device. Id love if you'd add  access to the cheat console.  Awesome so far tho Thanks for bringing us this great game. D  Edited because there already is controller support.
Stuck at loading screen This game used to work perfectly on my galaxy s6 edge. The past weeks it wasn't even showing the main menu. Since the last update it loads but then gets stuck on the loading screen after trying to continue my game. Sounds of the game running are present, but nothing is showing up. Please fix it  P.s. Sorry for bad English.
Great to see this on Android Doesn't fully move data to SD card Takes up 2 GB on the phone...
Nostalgia at its best I was hesitant to buy this as I didn't want to tarnish the great memory I had of this game. I'm glad I caved  bought it. It's a direct port, jus upgraded. Quicker load times, better sound quality. Even the graphics look finer. If I could give this game a 10 I would. I highly recommend this to all S.W.K.O.T.O.R fans. You won't be disappointed.
Absolutely love it The latest update has fixed all issues for me so i can finally play it now YAY
Haven't had an issue with it Beautiful port to android using a samsung s6 edge you guys need to do number 2 now please
Galaxy tab 4 7.0 Completely works, I'm 9 hours into a guardian build and love it. My only complaint is the swoop racing and the turret control on the ebon hawk. Both are clunky and barely viable, but I'm able to get past it for the sake of playing this game wherever I like.
Really good app but... Controls are something i wish were tweaked. Theyre easy enough to use but time and time its barily over simplified. Besides that it runs smooth, same game i love and ported well. Price is meh but not unreasonable. So overall i rather enjoy this port.
Great Great port, but the controls are a little difficult to get down at first. Using a dpad to be able to control both the camera and movement at the same time would make things so much easier, so the option of being able to use one should have been implemented. Still, it's nice to relive a classic.
Best game ever The greatest game ever made the only issue I have is my dialog boxes still come up with words in them so I have to guess at my responses
Best game ever Thank you Aspyr for porting this game to Android. It finally works perfectly on my s6 edge. Love it.  Keep up the good work.
Just like I remember This is the same KOTOR I remember putting hours into. There are a few hiccups, but overall is great. I look forward to them polishing it up more. The Galaxy S6 black screen launch bug is gone
Wonderful This is an amazing port of a beloved game, I logged 7 hours on the night I bought the game. Everything is functioning surprisingly well, the controls work amazingly well for a mobile game. I must recommend   game for anyone who loves Star Wars or who is looking for an actually good mobile game. 10 out of 10 would play again
Almost perfect I'm really enjoying this. Completed it on the original xbox and this is a faithful port. My only issue is the controls. I wish there was on screen controls. That would make this perfect but a good port nonetheless.  Good work
FINALLY I never wanted a refund, never wanted to rate 1 star, just wanted to play this game. After patiently waiting, it's finally fixed and ready to play on my S6. My only complaint is that the text is harder to read than it was on my S4 but, besides that, I'm very happy to be playing this game again.
