Another great game, just like everything else from AI Factory  I own all your games except TicTacToe which I was kinda disappointed to see released before Bridge  Whist both card games. There arent any decent versions of these two games on the market, but there are a lot of great TicTacToe games available. Do you still plan to release Bridge  Whist maybe Rentz You mentioned in an older post of mine that they're planned to be released 6 months ago
Great Unlike other reviewers, I think the deals are very fair.  You win, you lose not unlike playing against a human player.  Computer opponents skills level up smoothly and if you read what their strengths and weaknesses are you can adjust your play accordingly.  If you want to win all the time and don't want to challenge yourself, play against the one star opponents.
I installed this 23082015 and keep playing it even when eating, I am 60 years old, I play against the AI Milly who is a one star player, I win most of the time, but this game gets a 5 star rating from me, worth more than the 0.99p I paid for it
Professionally done. Good progression of computer opponents. I have a little over 50 wins against top level after a couple hundred games  seems like fair deals to me.
A must buy if you like gin rummy I have tried several this one a keeper
Wonderful Hadnt played in years but they've made it easy to relearn and start playing againsamsung galaxy three   Nice game...thanks
Awesome game This game is very addictive just downloaded it and played for almost 2 hrs straight LOL
Great Game I've played over 1200 matches and counting... 
I personally love this game I would tell anyone that wants a challenge to try it.
Very Nice Addicting...
Great This is definitely the best gin rummy app I have found. It has awesome options for game play, and the game play is smooth. I love the selection of opponents based on skill level. Has fewer ads than most other rummy apps. I have noticed errors on occasion with cards being discarded that were already in the discard pile. It isn't often enough to make me change my rating, and I play it a lot.
Great game Enjoy playing this game. I had a knock play where Jane played a card on a run that wasn't meant to be a run. I had three 6's, three 7's, and three 8's and when I knocked the cards were rearranged into three runs and Jane played a 5 on one of the runs. Is there a way to declare I want three sets of trips  Or maybe the rules allow rearranging your opponents cards
Best phone game Works on little smartphone as well as on a tablet.  There's endless hours of fun here.  Thanks guys.
Gloversville, New York 12078 Thank you 
AdzyMarc Awesome game  .......awesome developer 
Worth the buck best one out there Worth 5 easy.....paid the dollar and never regretted....still needs more backgrounds,your other AI card games have better backgrounds...great job
Brilliant Best gin rummy game there is. Worth every penny. Love having different opponents to play against
Fun game
Great game Well worth the low price, and plays seamlessly offline to boot. A happy customer
ABSOLUTELY THE BEST Zero complaints, nothing but praise. Beautiful, easy to see and play graphics. Hats off to these designers and developers. Bravo. If some babies are sore losers...well enough said  Greatest game, bar none.  Addition this  game has gotten even better.
AI Factory Rules I already have the paid versions of AI Factory's Chess, Checkers, Solitare, Backgammon and Sudoku and they are all well worth 1 each.   I had never played Gin Rummy in my life though, but since AI offers it I decided to let them teach me. The app has the game rules so I read them and then I started taking on computer opponents. I had a great time working my way up the ladder towards battling the 5 foes.  Thanks for teaching me a new game AI Factory.
Love this game and app This is so... much... FUN It is addictive I wanted to teach myself the game again after not playing for over forty years. I never imagined I would enjoy playing something so much My only criticism is I wish there were some lightercolored backgrounds so that the knock card would show up better. This is a great game, fun to play, especially whilst waiting for doctor appt., or other types of down time. I highly recommend it
Smooth playing. I can tell you take great pride in your work. I have a couple of your games. Even the free ones are ad free and can be played off line,which is good on long trips or a Dr. Office visit. I look forward to more games you create. I'd defiantly recommend your games to anyone I know. Thanks for the time and hard work you put into them.
Totally addictive My most played app. Would love to have it in landscape mode on my new tablet though
Great I'm regularly impressed by all of AI Factory's games. Gin Rummy is another fine one
Great Like playing with my dad long ago
Great Game Excellent graphics, has never crashed, and many levels of difficulty to play make this my favorite Android game by far.
