One of the Best Games on the Market Place Its an unbelievably great game...fans of hero quest should buy this game without hesitation...and the support is awesome with all the frequent updates...one of the best purchases I've made when it comes to gaming...I can't praise the developers enough...
Fun game Easy to understand UI, and cool character and monster designs. I love playing it, but I noticed there's a problem with one of the dungeons that has the mission Kill Bulrag. If there's a way for this mission to be fixed, I would appreciate it. I can't complete all of the missions and dungeons, because of this one having issues. There are no keys, and I have searched the whole dungeon...
Was awesome Since the lollipop update on my phone the game is unplayable such a bummer it is not fixed, really enjoyed this game, very quick reply from support, very awesome they are trying to get this fixed. 5 stars for a great game and devs trying to help quickly
 Looks like a boardgame, feels somewhat like a boardgame, has an intuitive interface. About the only thing that bugs me about it is the durability mechanism meaning one has to repair or replace his equipment regularly because it will eventually break. i love the boardgame feel, and the option to turn on roundbased combat not sure what the other default option is. Glad i purchased this. Edit forced portrait orientation makes it unusable on my embedded Android device and TV .
DD Memories This game reminds me so much of playing DD. I can't wait to get further in
Great game Was having issues but it was fixed when I selected low memory usage.  Can't see the nice background, but whatever.  Still great 
This game rocks I've been looking for a good dungeon crawler that wasn't a jrpg type. This is it Great graphics, simple jump right ingame play, and deffo has the Heroquest vibe. Great job
Love love love this game I don't pay for games much, but I'm very pleased I paid for this one. I've been searching for an awesome game to play, and this apparently was it.  Though, after many hours of play, and being probably close to half way done I realize I'll be done with all the quests. I really really hope more quests will be in an upcoming update For any using the LG Optimus Exceed 2 phone ..it works perfectly on it
Love it Thanks 4 getting back 2 me.
Awesome Awesome game and at a great price easy to play anywhere
New favorite I hope the developers continue with this by adding more content in the future. What a game Reminds me of Heroes Quest and Dragon Strike back in the day.
Good stuff Hopefully more dungeons and creatures on the way, well worth the dosh though for fans of the genre, and plenty of loot
Great game, feels like playing a board game active development  and great support make this even better
A great Heroquest clone This is a great take on the classic Heroquest boardgame with plenty of quests and heroes to choose from. Definitely recommended.
Okay for what it is. I am really starting to dig this game. I really needed to give it more of a chance. I am happy with my purchase.
Great D  D style game Worth every penny, easy to get into, brilliant
Mighty Dungeons I bought this on pc this morning and just bought it for my phone....now can someone please make me a Drittz Do Urden character for my patriotism.
I love this game This game is great I even made a request for a new character by email and received not only almost instant response, but also my character in a later released update.
Great retro game I love the game. I have an issue though due to the size of the screen, I cannot use weapons and potions except in combat. Can you please help me Got a Sony Xperia
Solid Retro Dungeon Action This game is my favorite timeeater at the moment  a really solid take on old school Dungeon crawling board game classics.  Love it
Addictive Great game, great dev. Perfect sized levels, addictive gameplay.
Outstanding Great game. Love the hero quest roots. Give us more campaigns and quests please. Thanks. Awesome entertainment.
Just what i was looking for This brings back memories of the dungeon crawlers I grew up with
my fave rpg of the moment cool turn based rpg thanks
Great game Well worth the price.  This is a great game.  I hope to see more from the developer again.
Great Game Very excited. But can you please add more level, attack or defense animation magic animation too, make the mage can learn more spells, archer can attack from 2 or 3 blocks because i'm using bow but its like a melee weapon, more difficulty i find its too easy for me and i can beat almost all level in one day with 20 hours playing. But i can say its a great game, download it and u can't stop playing . Sorry if my english was so bad.
Surprisingly Addictive Wow I didn't think this would be so addictive, but I'm afraid to say it is One of the best dungeon games I've come across and at a very reasonable price. I hope there will be more quests added in the future
Super fun. One of the best games I've played .
Great Game Fans of DD will feel at home in this fantastic game well worth the money
Best game for tabletop rpg players Has a tabletop feel with dice rolling mechanics.  Tons of content, and the best part is a community driven game with a responsive devevlopment team who care about your experience.  Keep up the great work guys
Update Update works perfectly. Issues is resolved.
I have no problems with it Perfect
Absolutely a blast My only thing about this game is that it would be kinda cool if there was a character builder with the races and classes added to this fun game I downloaded the demo and only played it for a second and realized that I had to buy this game. Worth every penny.
