Great game Have been playing for several years. I just had to factory reset my phone so I'm starting the game from the beginning again but that's fine, just more fun lol. One question for the developers though I had purchased all the available upgrades before and am not sure if those are in my reload of my game. Can you let me know on that please
Very fun I haven't played Mahjong in so long, so I'm very happy to play this app. Very fun. Just sometimes for me it's hard to see some of the tiles because the symbols blend too much.
One Of The Better Mahjongg Games I kept my old iPhone ONLY for a few of the games, most notably the Mahjongg games as the Android ones that I had tried there were many had really bad graphics, and lame animation effects. They were also barely customizable. This one is just great Lots of boards, really nice backgrounds, and many options for changing the tiles. Upgrading this not so much for more boards, but rather to support the developer. Someone finally got it right
Love it If you love playing mahjong, get this app. I suggest paying the 2.99 for EXTRA boards, and the best thing ever no more ads
I love this game Great boards, good challenges and nice way to pass a little time,me when you need too.  Some boards are easy, which builds confidence and others are hard which makes for a challenge.
Fun multiplatform game I saw this first as a Flash game on Facebook. It's got a nice set of challenges and options.
lisa r Still great  Always great Great app, enjoying it, not too hard, yet, and I enjoy the stars I continue to enjoy the game thank you
Luv playing this game. Only problem is that if you get a new phone you have to start all over from the very beginning.
Very addictive This is a very addicting  game , I've just started playing this game ,but once I start ,I find it hard to stop .
Mahjong Great games, good tile set ups. The tiles are a little difficult to see for older eyes but that is a minor quibble. Well thought out and hours of relaxing fun. Keep up the good work Please add more games at a faster rate please Love the games and the different tile sets. Hours of good clean fun.
It's beautiful Sometimes there is no way to complete the puzzle but it gives you a free shuffle that doesn't go against the no shuffle I freaking love it many many puzzles hard but easy same time no I'm gunna go get my exclusive puzzles
So much fun I haven't found any glitches with this game. It's very addictive and fun to play for hours
Mahjong Solitaire Epic Very addictive Love that the available tiles that can be matched, are lit up. Also if I exhaust matching exposed tiles, I have the option to reshuffle. Display is clear with vivid colors on my Samsung Galaxy Tablet. I can't believe is free.
Addicted to this app Love this app, variety of boards, the music is soothing. I play several rounds during my lunch break to destress
Still playing I get so fixated that I lose all track of time. Sitting down to do just one puzzle does not work for me. Before I know it a couple of hours has passed.
Got game Just a mans game. Feels like being slammed in the pit or on ur scoot n the open road racing the run away train. Racing the Boards. The board I got started on has that gritty demand for satisfaction. Not the feel of a normal mahjong game
Awesome game There isn't anything about this game that I don't love. They have great board selections and backgrounds to choose from. They also have nice tiles to choose from. The boards and tiles are easy to see and not crammed in. The music is very relaxing and nice. I love it all. You all did a great job in developing it. And all of this is for free, amazing.
The best I love this game, it is highly addictive. Love the different backgrounds and tile settings. The music is so peaceful and relaxing. I recommend anyone to get this if you like mahjong, the daily boards are great, I like to challenge myself to get 3 stars on every board. The only issue is that if you get a new tablet you have to start all over
Awesome Awesome game to play online or offline, I never get bored and try to beat my own scores and see just how many stars I can get.
Great game Love that it has lots of different boards.  Great for killing time
What a time killer Great game  very hard to stop once you start
Completely addictive I've made the tip of my index finger numb from playin Highly recommended.
Great game This is a great game so far no problems. Very addictive and great for passing time. Quite fun actually. Usually I get bored with these games quickly but so far so good. 
Galaxy S6 Can't stop playing. Luv free game.
Best game on the web LOVE IT FUN Wonderful. Game 
I can't stop playing This one is more challenging.
