Awesome If you like racing, jumping, upgrading and killing z's. Check this out Seems easy at first. Right Just wait.
what are the hanging zambies are they supposed to just hang there get it 3 add a parcore with 609 levels but still 5 stars
I LOVE IT It's like the bestest zombie game in the world and all the upgrade does not need more levels need more vehicles and go ahead get the game it's better then etd 2 it's just the starting game and more
Works well on my Android haven't had one single problem  really great game I  recommend this game this game works 100 good
Awesome I loved it so much I bought the full version, love the no pop up ads, I hate ads.their always trying to sell u something, get this game it's awesome.
Best game ever This game is very cool and all but itwont let me get earn to die 2 its an error 905 pls fix
Simple and fun This game is simple, and fun to paly Smash through zombies to upgrade you're vehicles
ADDICTED TO IT Once I start I can't put it down Worth the little price I paid for it.
Great game, it is so much fun and it makes me smile every time I kill a zombie Mwahahahahahhh
Very silly and worth 9p It's great for a bit of casual upgrade and repeat with a silly premise and at 9p worth every penny. Once you finish 'story mode' though, the best is over  you could easily finish the game within an evening
Earn to die 4 The best game ever you can kill zombies you can buy cool cars you  can even buy A boostr
Totally awesome fun Totally awesome fun  Playes similar games, bUT they were lame in comaprison.
Great game But please add the ability to go back through the game and cause carnage with any of your upgraded vehicles once the story is complete, I've done the story mode but now have lost all my hard work
Its good The game would be better if there were more levels this game has been out for a while with no new levels either way its still 5 
Great but.....                 please read It needs either more levels, or earn to die 2. This game has been out a while now, and despite the fact it's a great game, it can easily become boring since you can complete it in like 2 or 3 days. Please make more
Silly People Great game. It annoys me how Jack Shipaway  is saying a level a week. Coding a flash game that fast  is impossible, please try to understand the limitations of mobile games...
Fun and awesome Really cool, and awesome upgrades and awesome vehicles, the game keeps going off now please can you fix this because its starting 2 get very annoying
Fantastic, fun, simple... Not constantly begging for money  Perfect  How refreshing to find a well executed, fun easy to play game that isn't begging or forcing you to pay real money to continue or progress. Well done Devs, you should be applauded. Other developers should learn from your example. But unfortunately, they won't.
