They love it so much... My friends love this game.  Instant hit.  Every time I pull it out,  everyone wants to play Sometimes they will go so far as to steal my phone so they can play  Works on phone and tablet No complaints Great game
Insane Party Game It's amazing how you can make custom decks and that you don't need real money for unlockable categories. Also very good for tournaments in my opinion.
Better than Heads Up This game is fantastic There are many more decks available for free and with the custom deck option, the opportunities are literally endless. The passcomplete gesture can be a little glitchy and doesn't always accurately register whether you've passed the clue or scored a point but that really doesn't diminish the enjoyability of the game at all. This game is great in groups and has provided my family with lots of entertainment 
It's awesome I have a cheat You can look at the word and say it then do what you do awesome awesome awesome and awesomest app in the whole sumsung galaxy 10 and all other devices please reply and be so good but if  you don't like it it's ok it's all your fault  not who were loving or liking . Thx and reply
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS APP The best thing about this app is that its free, its got good graphics, and now I dont have worry about buying some stupid app worth 1.00 
 Reccomend For Any Thing ... Fun For The Whole Family. This Game Has Taken Boredom From My House Forever Whateva And Wherevr We Are This Game Is A Wonderful Choice  Download This For Much Fun For You And  Your Family
Love this game This game is just fantastic. You can play it when you're bored at home, or you're waiting in line for something. I was at an amusement park for a Halloween thing and me and my family were waiting in line for a haunted house, and this guy dress as a zombie came up and started playing the game with us, it was the best experience ever D
It's awesome This game saved my life. I turned to it to replace my extreme sex addiction. I'd say it gave me more pleasure than any of those men...women...dogs...etc. 1010 would bangI mean play again.
So fun Love this app great for entertainment while waiting in long lines
Great You dont have to pay for decks, which are plentiful and varied. You can have custom decks so everyone in the family has an idea of what anything is. I enjoy this much more than the other knock off of headbandz.
Love it I rly luv this app. Whenever I feel like I'm bored,  this game let's me have fun while I'm bored
Entertaining My friends and I were playing this even though we didn't planned to, I was playing charade with a friend of mine at first but then Everyone in the room started engaging with us and joining. It was a lot of fun and we were all laughing 
I love it I really love it because it actually helps me and my sisters have fun on the summer because it is really boring without friends but my biggest sister is the one who gets to see her friends because she goes to summerschool
So Much Fun This game always comes in handy on a rainy day It's so much fun
Great group game Great game to have on your phone or tablet for them boring moments when you and a few others have time to kill at the office
Really fun party game When you get 20 people drunk and shouting at you this game gets super interesting. Very fun to pass time even when sober
Awesome I love playing this with my family There are so many types of things to guess, which makes it even more fun. There are some ads, but they hardly get in the way of the game. I recommended this game to anyone looking for a fun time
Amazing Holy crap We were just trying to find a good app for chrades and found this Holy jebus turned it on and played for over 2 hours We all agreed, this is to become a normal thing in our house and we LOVE this game
Loved it This game is amazing so is heads up they both are amazing all these games we put on our heads the best of games.
