Tight Lines  Awesome carp fishing simulator game, if your into carp fishing then your gonna love this game, on Mobile or on the PC and it's cheaper than buying a rod licence. I had a few issues at first but the Dev came through and provided all the help and support I needed, much appreciated and thank you.
Carp fishing  simulator Need up date now getting bored now plus im not getting much luck with the fish at other lake to hard to catch needs to be like the first lake pls
5 stars all day long Well let start it off by saying best game ever Now spent a lot of real time on the new lake and not had a single bleep im talking well over 2weeks real time  and to day iv jumped in a peg i like the look of found some nice spots got the rigs in 10 spods on top of each rig then 45min later TONNER  89lb 9oz of mirror. To say i happy is a understatement
Great game Great game .and to all the people bad mouthing the sim u probley haven't ever picked up a carp rod in ur life so go away and give the dev time to sort it out.good work and keep it up .Ps some more tackle options and lakes would be great wheres the update
Carp fishing sim If your a Carper then you will love this game, small price to pay for a game that you'll play for years to come
Top notch  game play mine all time sat in house or on the bank had fish to over 90 lbs to
Awesome Catching loads.... biggest so far 84lb....car part left or right between lily pads....banana pinapple 12 mm  27 fish in 2hr 25 mins last night.... and 50 mins this morning x9 carp ans 1x bream...
Amazing game I would just like it if you put other fish and pods in as well as rivers and other dams
Fantastic game and a must have for any carp fisherman. Only one issue I have not enough lakes to choose from
Carpy I really love the game caught an 87 pound mirror out the new lake just one question have the look of the old scaly mirror gone or can you still catch it
It's. Awesome game just wished fish prices was a Bit more as it takes forever to get coins
Love it This game is very good. I don't like fishing for real but I love playing this. Very good. Would be better if there was more lakes
Great I like it lots yes there was teething troubles but well thought out an enjoyable.... The updates have helped...still enjoying this game keep up the good work guys
Carp fishing simulator Great game but needs an update so you can monitor your battery percentage so you now how much battery you have left
Great  game but giantica to difficult Fished giantica for over 150 hrs and only had one line bite. Needs change....
The nuts game Oi what's happened to this game will not load up any more on my phone wtf is going down sort it out asap thanks .
