Brings back memory's I love playing a very old favorite of mine. Nice to get it on my phone. Can't wait to get all of the games. I only played 1,2 and 3 on the Nintendo. Look forward to 4 and up. Thanks for bringing to mobile phones. Oh to the players that are having menu problems. I think you are hitting the rotate but not menu.
Finally  Keep em coming I love JRPG's  Dragon Warrior was my first.  Now, just give us II, III, V, VI, VII, and IX and we DQ fans will shut up.  Oh, yeah.  Don't forget DQM.  Sincerely, a satisfied Dragon Quester.
A portable trip down memory lane. It may not have the NES visuals I loved as a kid but it's every bit as fun as I remember. I love that I can play this with one hand. A steal at 3.
Amazing I spent hours on the original then Dragon Warrior on NES. Nice to see the exact same game with upgraded graphics and sounds. My,buddy and I got in trouble trying to skip thanksgiving dinner one year trying to level up.
Excellent remastered RPG Square Enix did an outstanding job remastering this game. The controls took some getting used to but otherwise flawless Nexus 7
Map Crash well other than the sudden crash when opening the map seems related to auto save the game is great, hate the control but at least i got to play this game without having to look for translation. waiting for the rest of the series to comes out
Progress loss When you die and start back at they castle, all progress and growth are saved except for gold. Can't even get back money found in chests, you have to quit and start over instead of saving. UPDATE loaded a save file to find that I still had my experience but spells learned, money earned and items bought were lost. Extremely unhappy 
Thank you... ..for adding this game to the market. I seriously missed it since the NES days. Please add the next Quest on here. We would be ever grateful
Wonderful Game brings back wonderful memories of my childhood.  Controls are very easy and who doesn't love quick saves.  Must have for any retro RPG enthusiast.
First time I saw it, I had to have it. I guess I need to sign up for a newletter or something.  I didn't know this awesome classic was coming out for the android.  This was the first jrpg that I ever played.  I loved it then and this port does not dissapoint.  Thank you Square Enix  Please keep them coming.
