Worth every penny I cannot stop playing this game. I've already played over 50 hours on it and I can't stop Way to go for making such a great addictive game Can't wait for another update for more levels to dominate. 
Geo dash For what it is as being a very difficult plat former they could not have made the game any better epic game well worth what I paid for I recommend it to any people who love platforming game as much as I do
Simply just an amazing game. Let's be honest, when it comes to hand held touch screen games there aren't really that many good ones to choose from are there Yet this game is simply incredible, it takes next to no space compared to other games on the store and it is really fun. Plus, just look at how cheap it is
Plz do it Oopps. GREAT AWESOME GAME. BUT I UPLOAD LEVELS AND IM NOT THAT FAMOUS OR POPULAR, IM A NOT POPULAR PERSON Can you please make 1 of my levels featured like...Cool Theory or Electroman Adven v2. Plz I would love that
Game is dope I'm totally addicted, I've probably spent more time playing this is geometry class than doing actual geometry.
Very entertaining The levels are nice with variety of difficulties for different players, the music also makes you want to play more
It's alright I quit smoking so I wouldn't get cancer but now I regret it because this game gave me cancer anyway. 1010
This game is IMPOSSIBLE Two bugs are not fix,and theory of everything is so hard I can't beat it.
Awesome Awesomeness. I didn't discover this game till after watching pewdiepie play this and it is really awesome. Completely addicting
Good job making this game I love the game but their are 2 bugs 1 the level can't let go and electrodynamix are a bit glitchy so fix that please 2  the secret part of the game has a coin limit and its 10 coins but when i found it I looked up how to get the coins but the level has to have a gold circle but still a awesome game
It's great The game has been great since the update. I liked how they added a few difficult levels.
AMAZING and challenging game Very addicting, with awesome music and it doesnt just have the basic cube. There is a Rocket, a Sawball that can flip gravity at will,  and more All of these can be turned into a tiny form, making the jumping higher and the forms harder to control. Super fun Just 1 problem. If you are a bit into a level, and you pause the game then unpause, the music will restart, causing it to be off beat.
Amazing This game is amazing. I dont know why everyone is complaining so much this game is flawless Love it
I like it I dunno why everyone says there is a glitch but now I have sent this I bet you I'll get it. Lol I'm only doing this to get the icon.
Amazing It is a good game if you want  a good laugh with friends and a good rage game for solo players.
Silver coins When you link and acount can you make it link your coins because I have so many and dont want to loose them if you csn do this I will be very thankful
Phenomenal I have had this game since time machine was introduced and what a game it has become, you managed to make a game that is never complete but always has the satisfaction of being a whole game at every update because of custom levels. You are an amazing person and I wish you the best in future.
Awesome I love all the blocks the robots and all the other stuff And it actually challenges you like I'm on jumper its hard
Great game Add more levels we all want to test our impossible game skillz
2 things Let me record again please. I was able to a few days ago now it apparently can't be supported on my device. I can't register. It says that my email is already in use.  And you let me know when another update will come please and thank you
Featured levels Are you kidding me  How do 1.9 levels with coins get featured This is just wierd considering how large 2.0 is overall.. great game. And if you can, try to add the game to consoles it will be a huge step foward from computer and phone and deadlocked is super hard im on 65 XD this is wierd considering i use a mobile phone and most people just use computer and all.. i wonder if its because im doublejointed.        Or im a wizard harry
Awesome Pretty much the best mobile game I've ever downloaded The only thing that I would change make it easier to create moving platforms in the level creator
