The best Android chess app In my opinion Shedder is the best chess application for Android devices and it has been so for many years. The latest material UI is spot on it's like Google had written the app themselves. Just the right mix of features vs simplicity. Plus, it's bundled with puzzles The author is extremely helpful and responsive. I'd love to see the excellent Chess Tutor software available as an app as well.
My favorite CPU challenger on Android. Great chess app with many options.   Please fix the highlighted chess piece box on the chessboard so there is an option to remove the highlighted piece, it's distracting.
Excellent puzzles The engine is uncannily quick. The app starts up immediately, works offline, and the tactics section is a goldmine of puzzles, which you can not only solve, but play against the computer. The setup position feature, though, is very clumsy. It's impossible to tell whether you're setting up a board facing white or black it changes based on recent activity. Otherwise, a great app.
Great AI and rating system I've found the AI to be almost perfectly adaptive, always seemingly keeping pace and providing to be a tough but well matched opponent as my skill level gradually increases.  I would however love to see the rating system utilised in a pvp matchmaker style gaming mode.
Almost perfect But please pause the chess clock when I get a call. Or implement a menu where I can pause the game myself.
Human like I like its playing style. Unlike other boring chess programs this one makes human like mistakes but still playing strong. I think only missing feature is online play with other real players. Hope that it comes with future versions.
Great I have never won a game either on my desktop or android.  I play it at it's strongest
Very good play and features. How do you turn on board coordinates
Crashing Please fix for nexus 4 and 7 running the new android 5 lollipop.  Immediately crashing when started. Update The update fixed the problem.  Thanks
Great app Wonderful chess companion. You can REALLY play at your own level and improve your game with this app. The tactics and analysis on this app are phenomenal as well.
Very good regularly takes games off my Tasc R 30 which up until the release of the Revelation chess computer was the strongest dedicated chess program in the world
So far so good. Good game, hopefully this game will turn me into a grandmaster.
Excellent chess app This is a great engine. Keep up the good work
Accurate Rating Excellent chess game that accurately gauges your chess rating
Best Chess Playing Game This is the best Chess game I have found on cell.
The best chess tactics teacher available
Great chess game Perfect for studying position play.
