Too easy Being a devoted wrestlemaniac, this game is way too easy. There are 115 total clues and they range from 1970scurrent wrestling stars. Great trivia game but I wish there were more clues 
Wow I stuck in level 35 without reveal the answer. But,its good. I love it y
Really enjoyable Completed woohoo 25 year fan so I got the old school wrestlers too, great memories 
Better than normal games Good game but it should also have a give up option
Awesome Experience some of your favorite WWE wrestlers by guessing them so thumps up and enjoy this cool game
Great fun Even for the most knowledgeable wrestling fan it poses a few challenges. Please add more and more
Love it but I love it but there is only one mistake is that for Jimmy sunka hu but is real name wrong its james Smith
Awesome They should make some for wcw ecw tna and the attitude era
AWESOME MYSTERIOUS GAME I have think that this game is really addicting and there was s no complaints,make ANOTHER
It is so fun Because i pastd to level. 115 and im done 
Learning more wrestlers names Give me a chance to learn More wwe names Yes Yes Yes Yes
I loved it Wwe is the best thing in the world EVER
Great Game even though I'm a '03 baby. I got them all More please
Too easy I'm a wwe master fan so don't be suprised
Love it I'm stuck on level 37 Awesome game tho
Awesome beat game with 550 coins left. Had a few really old and obscure wrestlers, really tested my memory.
Saved It fun to play because  I  ever superstar in wwe
Cool I loved this game,it's to easy and by the way i love It
Can't get past level 88 Great game I rate it 5 out of 5
Needs More Levels As the title says, it needs more levels. I am a wrestling fanatic and have completely finished the game. Add more levels and it will be perfect.
A MA ZING GAME Sometimes bonus questions are not that hard. For example Undertakers real name is Mark  Calaway. Big Shows name is Paul Wight Jr. Stuck on level 31 with 0 coins whatsoever what is the answer But if you look on the BRIGHT SIDE of thigs this game ROCKS
Zig Zag Amazing I love it it is awesome  U will never give up on a answer
I love this game because wrestling is my best thing
