Old School This app has that real old school feel. Back when you put coins in slot machines. This is the closet I've found to the real thing WinLose ratio is realistic. Fantastic...
Old Slot Machine Action Love the sound of the money wins. A whole lot of funYes Great game helps with boredom. Everybody will like it
This weeks new game rocks Loving this site's games more and more Addicted to these games I have more fun with this site than any other Still love playing these games
Old Vegas slots My favorite, I play every day  It's very entertaining. Awesome game.  Love it Loads of fun  Absolutely the best game out there. Try it,  you will like it.
Old Vegas slots Fun absolutely addicted love it Love getting new games.  Still loving it
I do have my favorite games..This game is cheating me..when I go in an it multiply X2 or 1 an then hit start it want even give me my 4,000 credit .Please fix it.. I love to play about 10 games, but I run out of money real quick...I loves the game and my computition...
Still loving it Love it and play it all the time, just wish it would payout more often. The bells is the best game on here Also love the double wild 7's.
Old Vegas Slots is a wonderful game This game is the BEST  I can't get enough of this game  Still the best game around  LOVE  LOVE  LOVE IT  Wonderful, fun game  I play daily and love the perks  I love the new look and the new games  These games are WONDERFUL
Fun Love this game. I feel like i am in the casino. It even sounds the same. I like that i can play anytime. I don't have to drive 4 hrs. to lose money. I can have just as much fun,  it's free. Perfection. Lots of fun Love, love this game.
Great games Good graphics hard to win. Have played for over 4 months and not spent any money. A glitch in software has the game not recognize internet connection  they esrase all credit every time they update. Have lost millions several times
Old vegas slots Old time slots.  Can't get enough of this. Game  Love it  Love it  Love,  love,  love only wish I had more time to play Try it, you'll love it too This is old time Vegas Love the new update
I save so much money gambling this way........gotta love it Love the game and all the bells and whistles The variety keeps me coming back. Loving the new games. Almost as addicting as real life gambling Love it Love it Still loving it I'm addicted Definitely P
Awesome best ever got to play Best slots yet very cool
Loved this game but when I opened it yesterday all my tokens were gone and I was back at the first level. Please return my tokens and put me back to my proper level
Freezes This game DOES NOT PAY OUT They give you a few hundred coins, you spin for approximately 90 seconds.  GAME OVER
Fun needs better payoffs..update...payoffs seem to be a little better. But not much, still needs better odds. More chips
Sweethe excellent Wonderful slot Sweet Fabulous love it they keep adding great games Excellent
Great fun So fun to play older slots like this Great payout too..i just wish they'd fix as I saw some1 else say also, the triples or 3 times only pays double on our cell phones, but my sisters cell  tablet pays triple.. Have no idea why that is, but 3 devices of ours only pats the triple as double, unlesssssss u get 2 of the 3 times together.. Then it pays 9 times... Please look into this But love love love the game
Awesome app Just like the old school slots. Really love all the slots. Hard to put it down. Great app. Love the realistic payouts....not to often but do hit big at times. Overall its a fantastic slot app. Reminds me of the old time slots i first played on riverboat casinos in Kansas city Just an overall great slots app.
Old Vegas slots Great games. Just like playing 50 yrs ago. I will continue visiting this casino every day as long as I have money.
Love it huge big time my favorite wow really like the look Love itlike the changes but still needs work and better slots great much better......love the look
Your games wiped out my 40000 points 111215. WANT THEM BACK..... Favorite game so far
Ovs you are the best What should I do  I was  playing now  I can't   can you please  help me  so I can keep  playing the game  ovs
I really like to play this game and I have it on face book but it has gotten to where it will not pull up can anyone tell me why
Old Vegas slots It is the most fun ever.I purchased 15.00 worth of credits and have been playing for weeks
I like the one line slots. And I love Old Vegas Slots If I could just win more,  I'd play all  the time
Fun and fair Very good classic 3reel slots, and the payouts are fair, so you don't spend half your paycheck to play...unlike certain other slot games...
