Daniel Tiger is Grr Riffic My son learns so much when he plays on this app. And he has fun while doing so.
Game has crisp graphics, and fun activities like taking a trolley car around a set of tracks where you can take it through tunnels, on a ferry, etc. Good incorporation of the shows social emotional lessons with fun activities.
So cute and true to the show My two year old loves Daniel Tiger, and plays with this app at least twice a day. Her favorites are the songs, and drawing. She's always adding the characters and the smooshy yummy cake to her pics
Loved it You can do so many things with your son. Teaches a lot about feelings.Great fit bedtime
Great but frustrating We love this app, especially the feelings songs, but as most have stated it freezes. We will be playing one of the songs or games and the screen will go black,  I simply have to unlock the screen for my little one and it goes right back to what we were doing but it is quite a hassle to do every minute or two.
My favorite app for my 2 12 year old We love this app in our house. It is a great teaching tool for my son
Good At first when it didnt download because i had my phone on dowload on wifi only then i checked off of that and it worked
My son loved it Every time I go to work my son played with mother
It is pretty good, though songs are a bit repetitive at times
Don't believe the negitives My 2 year old daughter loves Daniel Tiger. She absolutely loves this app. Has a good variety to keep a toddler learning.  The app has no problems on my s4..
Wonderful My 2yr old loves this game. It teaches him to sort his toys and put them in the right bins, all about emotions and so much more. I got this when it was free and I'm so glad I did.
Great game Works well on my Nexus 7 tablet with Android Lollipop. The trolley game and photo booth are both really good. I do like that photos taken in the photo booth are used in the trolley game, great way to personalise the app which will help kids connect with it more.
Great game Downloaded for my grandson and he loves it
People with freezing issues Your device is the problem. Remove some large apps and old pctures and your devices will run faster. If that doesn't work then buy a new product with more ram. Hope that helps. Happy gaming
