Genius The N72012 is basically our son's, but of course I rooted it. Recently I followed Android Police's, instructions for updating to 4.3, and of course I returned it to full stock. Little people are so curious, you know. So, I'm a little concerned cause I backed up some of his games with Helium while rooted, is the unroofed restore gonna work Wonderful though, I installed the windows Helium helper and restored complete. Thanks to Koush, I'm not on my four year olds naught list. 
Quick and easy Even if you aren't using custom ROMs, it's still valuable to transfer the exact state of your apps between phones. Invested a lot into a game This is your solution to move everything safely via an online storage account like Google drive
Works great mostly If you have the free version of this I'd seriously considering paying a little extra for the pro version as it gives lots more ways to backup, and its one of the only apps for non rooted devices that actually works properly, apart from the google drive and drop box issues I've been having lately, but that's a minor annoyance at the moment, as you can do a PC backup.
Where have you been all my life This app is an absolute lifesaver, especially when transitioning between devices. I can't recommend it highly enough
As advertised I've used this on several different devices and versions of Android. It's always performed as promised and has done so on both rooted and non rooted devices. I purchased the proversion and it was worth every penny. I used titanium backup before this, and still do for some features this one doesn't have, however, for me, it's much quicker and easier to do the app and app data backups with Helium. Moving from a GS3 to a Galaxy Note 3 recently was easy and simple thanks to Helium.
sad but true sadly i had to install this fondle with it a little just to get it to verify and restore from an old backup on google drive. heads up after installing this. force stop the free version to make abosolutly sure it has shut off. then reload it so it will see the premuim.
Lifesaver This app has saved me many times now. I know my data is backed up and safe. I can't even count the amount of hours it has saved me. It's so simple it's genius
Amazing Suggestions 1. Make it run in the background since restoring from google drive is slow. 2. Hide the premium app, and make it just a key. In general amazing, I keep trying other apps but always come back to urs. Thanks
Great app Being able to backup game data and other internal application state is critical, since many games do not use google services to save to the cloud.  Getting a new phone or tablet means losing everything.  This is a little bit kludgy  you have to turn on the ability to backup using a pc or mac application.  But it does not require rooting your phone, important for many.
Absolutely fantastic. When my phone went into meltdown, this did pretty much everything I needed it to in terms of backing up content and restoring it after resetting to factory defaults. I went for the premium version to let me store backups on Dropbox for simplicity, but 3.17 seemed a small price to pay compared to 200ish for a new phone...
My jetpack profile is safe Was a pain to get working on one phone but that's Sony's. Excellent app. Very happy.
Better than Titanium i.m.o I wanted an app that would back up to my pc. Titanium couldn't do it. Helium did.  Goodcloud, sdcard, pc backup options. Both root and non root capabilities. It even Restores to different versions I. backed up on jb. Restored to cyanogen mod virtually flawlessly, with only minor hiccups.  Badno visual progress indicators. No ability to selectivity restore all or none on restore. No option to pause.
Amazing app Every new phone is an exact copy of my old one. All history and achievements in games is kept. Sometimes you have to restart the restore, but that is minor. Perfect app
It's okay The interface is better than Titanium Backup IMO, however, there are less features such as being able to back up to a sftp server, uninstalling apps, and making apps system apps. It is also less reliable in successfully backing up or restoring applications.
It's about time This app saved me from having to start all over with my set up and my games that don't back up to their own servers. LOVE LOVE this I wish it was around when I lost my stuff with Tap Zoo and Tap Fish.
Adore this app I have had to restart smurfs 3 times due to hardware failure, and it sucked. Installed helium, backed up my tablet to dropbox, tested by restoring to my phone. And it worked. That simple. I have scheduled weekly backups so I will never loose anything again. I love this app
Great app I have candy crush with no facebook. Great app restored all progress. Would not have wanted to restart that game been playing almost a year and on level 200 and dream land 40. Would have given up on free time if not for Helium.
Awesome app Easy to use. I backed up my data to the Google drive,  and was able to restore all the information onto new phone in minutes. .
