Wow ...on an Android TV box Frankly, I'm shocked. I had low expectations for this game and planned to lose my dollar. However, the reviews seemed good. I loaded on my Nexus Player, and no kidding...this game is excellent. I'm shocked at the depth of the control, amazing driving physics, and the detail of the scenery. This seriously gives the old Xbox360 a run for its money. And, if you are a drift fiend, you will just die for this game. Pull out your dollar now dudes and try this one out.
Great Game But.... This is one of if not the best rally game on android, the cars feel and control well, there is fully controller support and it look really impressive, however my only problem with the game itself is that the challenges get very repetitive and tedious. Also it would be nice to have a new update with some more cars and tracks.
Accurate I used to navigate for New Zealand rally driver Rod Millen and this is the closest I've seen a game come to the way a rally car actually handles. Throttle oversteer and burn it out of the corners Good stuff. I'm addicted.
Best rally racing app. Have looked around for a really good rally app.  This is the one.  Realistic turning, oversteer,  under steer and opposite lock to correct.  Well designed
A great little game. Fun, plenty of challenges and really good graphics. I like this game a lot.
I've been looking for you Pocket rally is the most fun I've had with  a racing game sense rally racers on N64 and top gear on snes . Some say its slowupdated version is faster with more cars .WOW. Its off roadmostly sliding around turns fun. This is a fun sliding around turns keeping it on the best line for the best time rally racer. Enjoy it. I am.
Oh yeaaaaa Finally a Rally Android game that rocks  Love the replay feature, icing on the cake is watching your own moves from different camera angles while you kick up dust Fabulous work guys Keep tweaking it, you'll be rich    I have to go sit down now........ and PLAY PS any chance at a Pikes Peak Hill Climb in the future Would love to see some straight stretches woven in and some camera views backed out like Helicopter following  in real rally racing. And real damage.
Realistic Uncommonly well executed, high quality work.  You will be challenged and perhaps a bit unsettled by the realistic combinations of automobiles, each with a unique set of driving characteristics and progressively increasing difficulty of circuits and automobile performance dynamics.   One of the most realistic physics driven games.
Great racer, and a steal at .99 Wish there was a little more depth as in damage, tuning of cars, track degradation, etc. But the game looks and plays wonderfully, even on my older, lower end phone. Overall fantastic game
Love it This game is almost perfect, there are plenty of levels so you won't get bored easily and there is a good selection of tracks and cars. I only have one criticism which is that tarmac seems to react in a weird way.
Worth it This game is such a treat to play Great controls, real life rally cars, topnotch physics, and many many tracks to drive around Get the full version for 99 cents for the best experience.
I agree with the majority..... This is fun and sufficiently challenging to keep you trying. I prefer the timed stages over the races as it seems too easy to get past other cars but a minor criticism. I t would be nice if cars sustained damage when hitting walls as it's possible to win even after heavy collisions.
Fun and entertaining Great game I reckon, not complicated, range of controls, and pretty good graphics too
This ride rocks I am a truck driver and a very avid race fan and I was jonsing for a good race while on the road and this is my fix. Love it.
Sega rally plus Sorry but i had to say it. Its a compliment dont worry. Great game. Had some good challenges trying to clock this game.only 1 to go but alas the devs give us more tracks lcars with update. Good job folks
Pocket rally Brilliant game smooth, fast fun well done developers.
Woohoo Been looking a rally game for couple of weeks and then finally found it. Super HD graphic especially if you play it on TV. It's very entertaining
Challenging Realistic and fun to play. Been looking for a nice rally racing game to play, and this one is the best yet that I have found. Looking foward to enhancements and upgrades to this game
Best Rally Racing On Android Good controls and handling most will quickly get use to.  Graphics and sound are enjoyable.  I am rating 5 stars cause its a great value for the dollar I paid.  Game feels incomplete and limited.  Performance upgrades would have filled this void.  Different modes would also help.  As is, 5 stars for a dollar.  Could have been so much more with all the untapped potential...
Excellent Really fun driving game..very well made and better than any other driving games I have played so far on a handheld device..a great arcade feel to it..well worth the money and then some..I also love the old skool difficulty..going to be a good challenge completing it.
Excellent This is easily one of the best rally car racing games out their. The control and response you have on your cars are spot on. Brilliant work IMS 
Great game You can't go wrong for a dollar, it run's buttery smooth and the car's and buildings look great, the grass and trees are a little pixelated. Running it on Shield tablet and I am quite happy with it.
