Our 4 year old granddaughter loves this and other Dr panda games.
Love panda airport My 2 and a half year old loves this app she plays for hours i just upgraded to full version and i fpr the most part dont pay for apps
All kids My 12 year old Daughter loves it
The kids love it Both of my younger kids love all the Dr. Panda games.  Best of all, it keeps my daughter still and content while I brush her hair. Bonus
Great game My 3 year old grandson loved it. Lots to do in this game. Great value
Dr. Panda My Grandson loves all of dr. Panda games so far. I think they are really good Thank you
Lots of fun Loved it
I love it,my kids play it
Great games for kids My 4 year old loves them I've bought quite a few Dr panda game
Dr.Panda air port It's awesome
It is fun My daughter loves it.
good game my littlee sister likes it much
Dr.Panda I loved it
Love It was awesome
Day care
Boo
Great Thanks for making a game that once you pay for it, you own it. 4year old loves it No IAP garbage, just a happy kid
Love Love Love I have all the Dr panda collection and my 3 daughter thinks they are the best games. Well worth the money and she never gets bored of them  keep them coming
Awesome international airport It's so cool this animal international airport from checkin, lost and found, checking passports and clearing them for international destinations all the way to the lost and found.  It's a very fun  game
Gives a lot of nice features And it has lots to explore with the many mini games and therefor it gives the kids lots to do at the airport plus it covers everything from arriving to departure
App keeps my kid hooked App keeps my son hooked for hours. It keeps him looking for more but unfortunately he sees the same  similar stuff . still he love to play it a lot
Great Another fun exciting game My three year old won loves playing all the Dr. Panda games. They are so reasonably priced and well worth it Thanks for making your games so affordable
My children love it, they 4 and 5 years old.
My 3 year old loves this And challenging for her too
Both of my kids  7 and 3 years old loves this games We have all of them in paid option
. WHAT HAPPEN I already pay this game But icnt install it
Replayable. HTC dna. Kids love all the Dr. Panda games. Ages 4 to 6 perfect.  Professional and only the required permissions.  No ads, no clutter. Excellent.
