Great game Love the graphics Fun filled time to fill boring times I can spend hours playing One thing I would like to see changed is the amount of lives changed or a way to earn extra lives. Great going guys this is a great game
Awesome.. Better then any other puzzle game Awesome... awesome... never the same even on the same level... Highly  recommend
Thumbs up Love playing this game... Hate that it's has so little lives or the time it takes to refill the life... Other than that I absolutely love it
Great game to decompress Challenge your brain Wanna decompress, this is just the game for you...progressively gets harder...now add the ability to earn more lives as an additional incentive and you got it sorted
The Book Of Life Loved the game I also loved the movie The movie is just like the game. The movie brings life to the game. It explains all the characters,  who they are etc. Its also a love story. I whish other games make movies to. It made me want to play the game even more.
Just got it and have not put it down yet those who say there is not enough life's well u don't know how to play it go back to candy crush sweetie.....lol great game even for the kids..thanks
Great This is a great game until there is a level I can't pass for months like candy crush....  lol
 My daughter and I love the movie. Especially me because I was born on the day of the dead.
Sugar Smash Love this game Just started and can't stop playing Very fun
LG Volt 2 Play it all the time. Never have any trouble with it at all.  it. Fun to play.
Something is wrong with the download.  I a getting I have insufficient storage to download the game and I have over 300 mbs. Help
Store owner Love this game can't beat it no other compares
Love this game . Just have trouble getting it to connect and stay connected to Facebook or Google.  Can't see or send anything to friends that play the game.
Great I hope there were book of life 2.
Fun challenging game Game cheats sometimes but overall goodgame
Just installed having problems with it. Won't let me connect with FB and won't let me report problems just says not responding but I am still able to play
Love this I watched this movie few months ago and I loved it. and today I found this game so i downloaded it. It's pretty and fun love this game
Very addicting Fabulous game, Keeps old minds young  alert
Great game Loving it. Keep adding more levels
Mikeb This is the only game I can advance on without to much trouble.
Great game. Fun to play during your down time. OK I sneak it in even when working. Lol
Yes I like it but when you play it stops and you have to start all over
Great time killer Love the movie, now I love this game
Fabulous Free Game I enjoy puzzles nd this is A great game really good
Sugar smash Very good game,very much like candy crush and bejeweled.
Sugar smash I love it lots of fun
