Its such a good game I love the way its 3D and that you can make drinks On the 1st game you can't make drinks so I like this better Thanks It really entertains me because I'm a child so thanks so much
To be honest, this is better than the first one You improved and listened to a lot of people because they wanted more foods and things to do with the foods This is a 5 star app, yet im asking for MORE foods GREAT GAME D
I love it I just loved it its perfect..usually people want a game in which they can do anything with the food and thus is only game that full fill this demand of the players u can't find any other game like this its perfect and I like playing it ol the tym widout getting bored
Words can not explain... HOW AWESOME THIS GAME IS ITS LIKE SOOOO MUCH BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE CUZ YOU ADDED MORE FOODS AND YOU ADDED KETCHUP, MUSTERED,LEMON,BLACK STUFF,AND HOT SASE. I LOVE TOCA BOCA ITS SO COOOOOLL     
Pretty Entertaining My daughter leans towards things that look different, Like this app She found videos on YouTube and always wanted to watch, so I searched for the app and she's been playing it non stop. 1,000 stars from us. App works well as well.
Nice game Try using this for the man                    Try mixing fish with octopus with some water then let the man drink it and he will love it Thats crazy and disgusting  but i love it 
Add more plz I really like the game but i wish you can add more likr chesse, plogranates, pepper, lazania, cake, lamb, bacon, Bananna, chedder and seseoning. But thank you alot for this game.
So fun This game is tons of fun I recommend it to everyone But just one thing... Could you add the cat from the first game in here I liked him
U should put in.. A ice cream maker and grapes but keep all of the things u put up don't replace it and ice cubes
DANG AWESOME K so when I started playing this game I was like oh it must be just like the 1st one but then my brother started playing it and I watched him play it and I thought wow that's cool so I started playing it thenow I rated it and ever since I've lived playing it
Unique This game is special because you get to play around with what the people'sanimals likes toward food and i dont see that a lot in games. I didn't encounter and problems , but when i went to go close  the fridge i kept pressing  the back arrow buttonfacepalm So 5 stars for meeee, I came here from  LDShadowLady
Speechless This game is AWESOMEyou can cook all types of crazy food in this kitchen. Though I really think you should add more ingredientsboth good and badand add in a burger maker with more machines.                   P.S please add more free toca Boca games some of us can't buy some games and it really sad cause to a Boca games rule
The best game ever It's so fun u can do anything just add one more thing pls bread and a toaster pls thank you I love this game SO MUCH THANK YOU
Love it  I love it. It's amazing I can't even spend some time without trying to decide what am I going to  make next,anyways I have suggestions for your next game the characters should be the same but you should add more ingredients like cucumber or lemon or blueberries or Burger patie and an egg and more machines like the one in in the first game which chopped the ingredients and you can add a Burger making table you could give the ingredients and we could chop em up and place them plz reply
It is a very good game but it could add more food like eggs chocolate milk etc.Also the characters are not really looking very good.And there could be more cooking methods also.Briefly it is a very good game but few improvements could be made.I am looking forward for the next game.
Im his daughter If you them to faint, here's what you do. Deep fry any kind of foodoctopus  and mix it in the blender. Then you add ALL the spices and give it to them. Try iteven with water One more thing. What is that blue pointy thing And add some eggs. Love the game 
WORDS CANNOT EVEN DESCRIBE Oh my gosh, I looked around at all the things Toca game there all so wonderful i LOOOOOOOVE LOOOVE LOOOVE TOCA  the only ones I got so far were both Toca kitchens I would love the have the others one but they cost money. 
Plz do Can you please add a puppy and a kitten that we can cook for I will be soo happy Can you do it like right now Do it for me. Plus make your games for free.
Lovin it I'm not 8 or under11 but still it good
It's so so so much better than the first game It's great and fun to play and to kill time and it doesn't need WiFi . I've thing you should make the spaghetti and the rice loose not all clumped together. one last thing ADD MORE FOODS, please and thank you for the great game. Don't get me wrong the first game was great fun too.
BEST GAME This is better than the 1 one hahaha i love it is there a 3 one i don't know but I JUST LOVE IT YAAAAAAAAAAAY HAHAHAHAHAHA you have to get it is so COOOOOOOOOOL GET IT then you will LOVE it SO SO SO MUCH
Its fun Its fun but i hate it when they dont like the juice i give them but i stil love it soo bring more people then we talk again.        D.  P.    BUT LOL IT'S FUNNY
not just for kids so I'm 14 and I have a passion for cute things. i thought that since i had an android, i couldn't get many apps. but the toca boca apps are adorable and they work rly well on my phone lt3
This is a great game you should try it You can cook and prople when you grow up you will still be playing this game 
Soooo lovely this game is perfect if you wanna make food for real life because of the way you can make your own food in your mind 10 out of ten I am saying that  because I am only 9 and it's free I love this game but don't play it to machine or else you will get bord
Really fun for all ages I don't know about you, but like some people stated earlier, this version is WAY better than the original. You can blend, cut, fry, etc. The characters are absolutely silly and adorable.
Love it I really really reallyyyy love the game. It might just be my opinion, but wouldn't it get better if we could bake a cake or some cookies Add flour, milk, egg, etc.. It could either turn delicious or be a disaster or something.. It's just my opinion, but I hope you could take it into consideration 
LOVE IT I absolutely love this I love their reactions and all the food choices. Just wish we could make sauces andor soups and maybe be able to mix foods like to make spaghetti. But I'm good with what we have A few more food choices would be great too.
Love it It has more food than the over one but still it is better I love it. Best cooking game ever.
