I don't know what's going on... But, in the Timeline Battle it keeps changing my 3 fighters to characters I'm not using, and I have lost battles because of this. I selected my 15Star and 24stars. Then once the match has begun, they're not whom I've selected. Nor are they even on the level of the characters I selected. They're 1star or 2star of my lower level characters. My High level characters are my 3 main characters also. but Im not going to drop any ratings for the game.
Love it This game is everything that I wanted but can you put more characters for example xmen, fantastic 4, doom and many moreand more cool custom for each of them. I understand that do all of this its take a long of time do but I can wait  keep it up
5 stars. This game gets better and better everyday with every update. Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys a game that consistently delivers fun and replay value.
I love this.game Its awesome only thing it would be better if you.could level up your players easier.
Brilliant game It is a good game team up with people online do online matches in the areana  or do missions  I've just got the game and I'm already addicted to it highly recommended must download
Need more characters Can you please add some new characters like Thanos,Scarlet witch, Deadpool,and Quick silver.Pls I really love this game
it's perfect Game is amazing all ages you like superheroes then this is your game and also there are fusions of your favorite super heroes or villains.
One of my fave games of all time Play this now stop reading the reviews and get it 
Absolute Quality Such a good game Just needs more. of the Marvel universe in it i.e. Deadpool  The XMen.
One of the best One of the best 3D graphic game on a mobile console. Only cons is that there is yet any mutants. Keep up the good work
Unique I don't rate games, but this one I have to. Graphics are superb. So great of a game in fact that I'll gladly donate a little extra money to get what I want in the game. Constant updates keeps you on your toes and wanting to come back for more.
Good game but I can't move game data to sd without the game redownloading the same data I have on sd card please help I have a LG Tribute
Crash samsung tab 2 When i played this game, why always crash  Plz fix it minor bugs. I love this gamee 
Just an explanation needed, otherwise perfect  So I bought the special package worth 4950 crystals, but I didn't end up getting bonus 3300 crystals. Please explain this, or did I understand it incorrectly Still an awesome game though 
I love this game a lot, and i play it all days, i more like it if there xmen on it
Ad one charcter plz ad moon night i have an one idea for an attack he comes in on his moon helicoper thing and launches a bunch of missiles and can you give squizzix that charcter
