It's an incredible app I've been using this app for about 1 year. A few months ago I paid for pro version. The differences between free and pro versions are advertising.  There's no one in pro version.  The game has a good graphics and many trains. Last update includes a few cars which were added to each waggonage. It's a sensible idea, in my opinion. But I WOULD REALLY LIKE to use a straight realway with intermediate stations. It would seem like real trip And I hope you'll add this function.
This game more than delivers. It's perfect for when you have a half an hour or so and you're tired of matching 3 of something. It runs fine on my ASUS  phone. It looks better than some of the desktop versions so don't complain about spending a few bucks The Amtrack version comes out this Christmas. It plays really lame holiday songs and derails for no reason.
SMRT trains and SBS transit My country have SMRT and SBS transit buses trains and automatic trains I wish this game has tese trains go to google and search for SMRT trains or SBS transit trains Go see it I can't wait
My 5 yr old loves this game He can control the tracks, cars, engine, horn and bell.  Great graphics
I would like to know when there's going to be a new update
Samsung mega Need to add marta on the collection too the cta train need some working lights inside  out
Best train sim on android Updates all the time with great new content.  My 4 year old loves it
Crazy Love It
Great app
Get train simulator Best on market but follow the information exactly ex TGV should have 10 passenger cars
Good Stuff How about a long straight route with minimal curves for high speed. An A to B sort of route with intermediate stations.
Awesome Game Definately Worth It I have been looking for a good train sim for ages Great job developers Detail and realism all in one Definately worth paying for
Always improving A fun game, easy for children to play.  It's always updated with new stuff.
Can you add thomas and his friends and the magic railroad I want thomas and friends on this and timothy the ghost train
Love this game thanks 3583 bytes
Thanks for the best train sim for mobility I love this app but u should add more maps
Good It's a good realistic game could add more maps and stations
Awesome My boys and I love this app and a lot of fun
Nice attention to detail Great visuals and sounds for those who are into trains. Developer has stayed with it, and continues to improve the app with new features. Great for both adults and trainloving kids
Good Pick  Go Sim Simplistic but compelling. Very proactive dev
Realistic and hypnotic Keeps my train obsessed toddler occupied for his entire attention span
Great Fun Keeps getting better. Give us more steam BO and CO please.
Train sim
Great train sim My son loves playing this so much He'd love to see the Amtrak Acela added when you have time  thanks
Will you add a lbsc  e2   class locomotive Will you add a lbsc  e2 class locomotive
Great work Keep it up 
Awesome Its pretty cool graphics are great but can u add the NY city subway and this game will be even greater
Choo choo Lots of fun
Great app
Train sim GREAT
