Hate 2 use versions of the same app... Like alot of the features you guys added but the ones you took away from the Pro version disappointing. Still have pro installed but its limited now to. I say combine the two and add more features like guidelines and more indepth customization of tools.
This app is amazing, but something happened and my rubber has become so faint i can hardly see it. The same also happened with the pencil tool. I haven't upgraded to any other tools yet unfortunately so I'm currently using the tools from when you first install the app. Can you please provide the solution to this problem
Fantastic Art App This is as close to a professional drawing and painting app as it gets. Great, easy interface. Nice gradient fill tool. Can build a color pallet. Nice brushes. All around great app.
Autodesk Sketchbook For 7 Tablet I love this app Especially when I'm trapped in bed in the winter. Just one thing that bugs me about it,  is that it's not pressure sensitive like my Wacom Tablet on PC.  P Other than that, awesome application for creative and artistic people
I was weary at first... But the more I used this, the more I fell into finding it better than the other major drawing app I was comparing it to. Everything comes out better all around and this one has better lines that aren't pixelated and garbage. There are a few bugs, one of which almost cost me a week's worth of drawing, but with a bit of creativity I was able to work around them.
Love it Yay I love 'sketch this' and the app is working perfectly. But maybe add a blur tool Cause I believe that would be better for blending. Just a suggestion
So much fun I'm no artist, but I enjoy sketching and I have a Samsung galaxy note 4 with pen. Sketchbook doesnt judge me  plenty of artists do use it as well as casuals like me. Latest addition is daily challenges from Deviant Art
GREAT But.. I don't mind paying for it, I just miss these 3 features 1, the  button so I can get the exact right color brush size, 2, It would be nice that if you lasso something, you could copy that part of the picture and move the copy, and 3, it keeps randomly crashing, and it's really annoying cuz hours of work just dissappear. OK it would be great if it was fixed. ITS GREAT THOUGH, SO, YEA.
Best ones out there It's a great app for noobs and pros but in the pro set its just makes it easier to draw so if your going to get this app make sure u buy the pro it makes things A WHOLE LOT EASIER keep up the great job and out all the apps I've used this is the best I would never change it for anything in the woorrrlllddd
