Perfect I've looked around for theses kind of card games and haven't found a descent one without adds until this one. I'm addicted to the game and I just can't put it down once I start. Very good. No adds. Definitely recommend this game. 
Great, perfect I'm always for freebies and I can't fault it, some free often hold up for ads, not so in this case. I'm running Intel quad core 2.16 GHz and no glitches,download and try beating your time before trying against family or friends.
Gave 5 stars but... I gave this game a 5 star rating although there are some problems to fix like fixing the ability to grab a spacific card sometimes i need to grab it 3 or 4 times in order to grab the desired cars... But in the overall I loved it
I have been looking for, thanks I have loved the game since my laptop was good, but... now my laptop has crashed. It doesnt matter then... coz this game can install in my mobile too... of course this is a great game
Grand Too many card game apps have irritating animations and overdone graphics, but this is sleek, simple and unfussy. Very nice.
Love playing games like this one it is so calming and the dificulty settings are great I'm addicted to it
Addicted I don't even play candy crush anymore because I'm so addicted to this game
Easy mindless fun Great app, easy to use
What's Not To Like For fans out there this is as good a time waster as can be The game is easy to figure and complicated enough to have you coming back for more. This has been my goto time waster as I wait for wife or others.
I finally found a spider solitaire that has it all It took me a long time to find an android spider solitaire that I liked but glad I finally did. Has a great design, cards auto move when touched, you can undo moves, no ads when playing only a pop up for new game, you can see the entire deck and more. Very happy with it.
Love it Easy app to see, use and play. Good graphics, nice screen size.  Of course some idiot named Raven Carrasco would say she loves the game but loves Anthony more. Who gives a crap Raven
Love it Even has 3 suit difficulty for those of us that are over 75success on 2 suits but believe 4 suits is impossible Love it
I'm always trying to beat my highest score. ..As well as improve my time. Crazy addiction  for a card game. Lol. Love the game . My husband says get off that phone  or go to bed. It's 230 am.
FANTASTIC This is a truly great game. A joyful escape. If u are a fan of spider solitaire this is the game for u. There is no trouble or problems, just an enjoyable game.
A great card game for casual gamers A good card game for casual gamers, Magma makes some of the best quality games, visuals etc. Doesn't require access to any profiles etc which is a plus for me and the best thing it's free Never had any bugs or issues with any magma games and I use a  Samsung note 2 I'd recommend any of their games
Great app Great game I'm really enjoying this game and the ads are not too annoying
