My 6YR old loves this game, bc she sees me playing n she dwn loaded it to her own tablet, so I'm saying thank u bc it's a great memory game Challenging to your memory
Priscilla Love this app so much fun even though some of them are tricky it's still fun to play when you're bored and have nothing to do logo quizzes are the best thing to do
Greatest game ever I love it these r the kind of games for me not building stuff, or fighting,or candy, or fruits whatever I love this game two thumbs up
Love it Very fun and I can figure things out fast, hard at first but overtime you get how to play the farther the better.
Logo quiz I love this I love this game is so awesome I really want to play it all day I really really really like it it makes me happy all day and I even played on it at my mommas house I mean I can download everything is awesome I love this game
Really wish it would tell you when you're close like the last app did. It helps a lot with misspellings.
Best in the world I love this game the best game in whole wide wourld the best you every played in tje world
Amazing This game was really fun, I enjoyed it, some of the icons, I haven't even seen before. But loads of fun
Awsome app My sister,me  my mother lovded thus game very much   
Very fun and addicting game. Have fun. I haven't had any problems thus far with the game.
Logo Quiz Profile Very challenging but I loved every minute of it.
Great game. Lots of foreign logos. Lots of research needed. Need more levels. My goal was one level per day and did it.
Game I love the thought processing you have to do on order to play this game
Amazing So addicting Play it all the time and even redo some levels
Its An incredible app I now that its a bit hard but just try it and you will  pass  the logo
Love it got to level 9.I like how they put 50 icons on 1 level.
Hg Good game makes you think anyways. The ads are annoying tho.
Great for when travelling Easy yet sometimes frustrating when you know you know the answer but just can't think of it Really enjoying playing it.
An awsome game Get this game you don't even do all of than to go to the next
