Easy to use and works perfectly. Not a huge library of ammo but very easy to add your own specs
Greatest thing since sliced bread...if you arent using this app to shoot long range..your just guessing...have been using it for 3 years now..dead on the money out to 1880yds..dont believe me Ask the 3 elk shot at 1062, 1048  930...easy to use and very handy to have...i love this app, never ever had any problems..very accurate...10 stars
This app is the dope  I just want to say thank you for making an awesome app that works and works well. I took two deer in KY this opening wknd of rifle season at 375 yds. According to the app 18 clicks up and 6 left and it put me right on target. I never would have attempted those shots without your app. Where do I send the deer jerky and bacon Thanks 
Amazingly Accurate If you are honest with the input variables then this software is basically spot on. I use it for firing solutions from 500m out to 1200m
Great ballistic appgalaxy S3 Was recommended to me by my instructor. Chrono'd my ammo, Entered all my rifle info then my load data. Used an anemometer for the weather. We were able to hit steel out to 600 based on what the app said. After that we had to do so corrections. At 1200 yards we had to come up .9 mils with 175gr 308, though to be fair I believe it was my chrono. I have magnetospeed now and will see if the app is more accurate with better chrono readings.
Awesome app BUT This is an awesome app , not as user friendly as a couple others but has benefits of others , this app works great on my droid phone  I use it all the time
Best app out there. Not just the best bang for the buck but the best app period. I load for all 8 ofy fire arms and this app when you fill everything out properly works If its not working for you you entered something in wrong. Buy it now
Use it all the time Only issue is the missing parameters when i try to web sync but other than that i love this app for long range shooting.
Best long range ballistics app I've used. Spot on drops at all ranges. Just put the right info in and shooter does the rest
works great takes a while to fool with it and learn its quirks but it does the job.
Works great No reason  to buy anything else. Shot out to 1250yds. So far with no problems.
Needs optimized for tablets Apple version is same price and has tablet and phone layouts in one app. Android doesn't, has only phone layout for both.
Great on older phones App works great now on my HTC 1 thank you for fixing this bug. Awesome app. dev really listens to feedback and adds great features.
MUZZLE VELOCITY CALIBRATION Ever since a fellow competitor showed me his iOS version of shooter, I've been trying to find something with muzzle velocity calibration. I almost coughed up the 30 for Brian Litz's Applied Ballistics app, but then I'd miss out on the new features from the last Shooter update, which I really liked. Now I just need to get out to a longer range and start collecting data
Comprehensive A very handy tool for the long range marksman. Sean, PLEASE enable screen rotation for the table and graph. Thank You
Great app. I've been using it for a couple years and is nearly spot on every time.  Do your part and Shooter definitely does theirs. REALLY Wish they would add  .30 caliber 190gr Accubond Long Range ammo from NOSLER.
Very accurate, easy to deploy I really like how informative and interactive this app is, from the look angle to the mv calibration tool. Very clean, very precise,  just a great app. Shots are alot easy when you dont have to ovrrthink everyone
Great except latest update Since you brought back a truing option with the latest update,  5 stars Thank you
The best program out there I constantly use this for trajectory tables, and dialing to distances.
