I'm only ticked I beat it 2 soon This game is just stupid. Its buggy and you need a good device to render it. I could have bought pizza, but noo, I bought this garbage. This being said, it was fun. Looking forward to updates
new maps i really love this game, i'm getting addicted to this. but please can you add update for new maps bcs its just bored to play with only 2 maps
About u r WiFi problem u don't need high quality u have a.d.d y u pay for high quality
Installment idea In the next goat simulator game the plot should be where the goat is trapped in a time apocalypse and the goat is trapped in all different goat simulation games and time  is running out and the world is ending now the goat has to make new friends and travel to the time before the apocalypse and defeat the goats of time and destroy the time demon goat.Title goat time apocalypse simulator
Awesome mabey more places and if you make a new place make a BIG city with a BIG school with well classes and a sports court and mabey a place like a stadium of course MORE goats
Funny game Hilarious, yet broken game. This game is humorous, you are a Goat, and your main objective to wreck havoc in your town. This game is fun and addicting, trying to get the mutators, and completing various quests and achievements. This game is intended to be buggy, that is its special charm about it. But the content downloader bug is quite annoying.
BEST APP EVER I rate this game 5 stars because of the enjoyment it gives me. Every time I am bored this game always pops out of nowhere in my head. Play it my head says. I play this more than Minecraft. This should be on the top charts pronto. Oh I was thinking if you could later add Angel Goat and Horse Goat. And please also add cars and bikes that goats can ride. I suggest this to the whole universe Yes you too Aliens. Please keep making this game better 
Good a bit lagy but most of the times runing about 25 fps. BTW who says their is no anti gravity lab is wrong.Second stage of the constructionsight their is a black hole leaning on the wall. Take it and put it on the green mario pipe by the rails. Jump into it and you will slide down to the lab
Awesome, hilarious This is an awesome game, hilarious bugs, the best physics I've ever seen. Awesome goats,  D. One suggestion, can you add more maps Thanks, I couldn't spend my 5 bucks in a better way
Awsome I love this game its the best its performance on my tablet is the best.
Love it This is my favorite mobile item game The grafics are so life like and I just love how stupid the goat is.
Haven't even finished downloading and I've already rated 5 Best. Game. Ever. btw it takes forEVER to download. Its been 10 minutes and it's only at 15
I finally know what it feels like So many sleepless nights wondering what it would be like to be a goat. This app finally makes my wish come true For the first time in my life, I know what it's like to be a goat. My life is now complete. I can die a happy man.
Awesome But, Goatville doesn't have the corn field grass can you update it And, add more goats.
Forget about the refund, I love this game You should add more goat powers and stuff like that.
Amasing I found the giant goat the game is reply fun any body how does not have need to get
