Wow This is the best pool game, that I've found on here. Ever Hope there's no competition between different ones to be found and replaced, now  I swear it was a lot like dating Oh wait, I'm still doing that....  Don't be cheap. Get this It's only 99 cents. And it's well worth it 
Best pool game out there  One thing wrong though  the experienced level is too easy and the veteran level is too hard There should be a smaller difference between the 2 or maybe an added difficulty
All about the Gameplay Pool Break Pro has excellent ball physics. I only really have 2 issues 1, In snooker, the black spot seems too far away from the top cushion. And 2, could we please be able to stand up on a shot once the cue has been retracted  Other than that, excellent game
Hours of entertainment I only have a few games on my phone that have been worth the time and money it took to get them. I've played this game for at least an hour every day. When I can't go to the pool hall, I'm wanting to play this game. I play it before class, after class, in bed, in the passenger seat, everywhere. Excellent ball physics, satisfying sounds, different views and difficulties, different themes, it's great.
Cushion foul seems to be inaccurate with more than 1 rail kick. It would be fun to see a record function to replay some of our sick shots
One of the few games you only pay for once. Worth the money. Constantly improving the app with new updates. I've been playing this game the last three years when I paid for pro version and have not been asked for another penny since. That being said not only is this a great game it's also a great example of honest business practices. please play with no lines
It lasts I installed this game when I first got my phone, about 18 months ago, and it's still here. I still, play it regularly, too. The physics feel 'just right' and the controls are easy. The only addition I would like to see would be a 'quick game' feature on the main menu, where you can just tap one button to start a game with user defined settings, such as game type and opponent.  Update Still playing this, still great. The addition of the recent games feature is great. 65 would buy again 
Brilliant billiard game sim Best ball physics in any game, very realistic, to a point where it's actually helped bring on my real life snooker skills. Good variety of games available, all done well. Note jump in difficulty between 2nd highest and highest difficulty in snooker is unreasonable. I go from thrashing the computer to being bent over, no lube. Other than that, great game
THE BEST This is the best billiard app by far..ive played alot of em and even bought alot of em and this hands down is the best...love all the diffrent games and intrested in learning the games i dont know definantly recomending this one to everyone..thanks again guys keep it up
Superb game Recently downloaded and loving it. I have a table at home and I think this app replicates the real thing really well.
Best Overall Pool App On Play Store Just put this on my new Galaxy Note 4 running 4.4.4, the aim seems a little touchy on the Note 4, but doesn't affect actual shots. I also have played this on a Galaxy Note 2  3 both running 4.4.2 and a Galaxy Tab2 10.1 running 4.3, I've played several different pool apps and this one by far is the best one. If you like video pool games and want a mobile version, I highly recommend this app. The dev continously supports the app, so buy with confidence. No IAPs 
Very Fun. Great Gameplay. Still getting updates. This is an excellent game. It has many different game types, and the crazy shots you can take make the game fun and challenging. I only wish that the computer opponents were smarter, but they are honestly not too bad.
The best game ever Been playing for years Rated before, but it's that good, I've rated it again. Just consistently delivering quality graphics, excellent game play and never ever crashes or gives me a problem One day all games will be this good Well done.
POOL BREAK PRO 3D Still the best game I've ever bought so far
Great Entertainment The demo was awesome, so I very happily purchased the Pro version on my Samsung Captivate over two years ago.  I'm still enjoying it today on my Galaxy SIII. Thank you
Good stuff Single player AI is pretty easy but the toughest level provides an OK game. The multiplayer over Internet has been flawless the couple times I have tried it. Would like to see it integrate Google play games stuff but other than that about perfect.
One of the BEST pool game Loads of game modes and settings, great for both n00b and 1337 
The ONLY pool app I've found worth playing Can't say enough good about this , NEVER glitches , smooth graphics , easy play , love it.
Multiple Options Learning how to aim  shoot is very simple. The variety of games this app has is great. One of the better pool apps I have found.
Awesome game Been on every device I've had in the past three years ish. Just wish you could do a jump shot.....
Best pool game ever This game is very addictive Realistic and not at all like an arcade game.  The best part is you can play as long as you want without having to refill cash a day stupid stuff like that.
Improvements made it much better Much easier to play and way more intuitive than the older version I played before.  Great
Great fun pool Gives me hrs of fun whether sitting at doctor or out and about or the loo haha.. What would be nice if you could also play against a friend ie threw Bluetooth or on here by putting there name in and connecting to them. More like a lads night out .could even have section called lads night out and in there you log in and connect to who you want is a friend of chose.
