Best app ever I've loved these puzzles since I was in middle school and now I can't stop playing during college breaks. Super happy to have found this app. Thanks
Classic Indeed The 1st time I encounted these was in a science exam of all places  I found out more after and found the logic problem books and started to collect them.  They are great but do not get put off if it seems hard, you may have to restart reading the clues a 2nd or 3rd time to get to the end.  Simple, Addictive, Challenging  Fun.
Absolutely Brilliant Drop your candy crushes and stardoms and face a real app that really challenges your brain while building impeccable deductive  reasoning skills..a sure favourite.
Logic Problems Classic I've been addicted to these puzzles for decades and was thrilled to find them available in app form.  Had a minor issue that the team worked with me to resolve in a matter of minutes.  Wonderful app AND a wonderful team  Highly recommend
Love logic puzzles  this app is very easy to use. Almost pencil  paper easy Very enjoyable Just wish it offered challenging puzzles too
Been playing for days... I love it.  Hope you keep adding more puzzles.  None of the other logic apps compare.  And one star for the people complaining they have to pay.  They give you 30 puzzles for 2.99. Are you kidding me  Say thank you and remember nothing is free in this world.
Hassle free puzzles While the app itself is great, the puzzles are good and the UI is excellent and easy to use the best part is the ad free experience. No glitches or ads to interrupt the puzzle solving spree.
My Favs On My Phone I have always been a big fan of PennyDell Logic Puzzles. Now that I have them on my phone, I am over the moon.
Im giving full marks as im sure people who like puzzles like this will love it. Also, no problems or glitches. It is not unfortunately playable on a small screen  when i fix my tablet, this will be played a lot but uninstalling from my 5 inch phone.
Love Logic Puzzles When is volume 6 coming out I finished all the free puzzles and the first 5 volumes. I cleared them all and starting over but looking forward to the next volume.
To  Egghead It has come to my attention that you have two logic puzzle apps. Do the two apps contain any of the same puzzles
Awesome Just like I remember growing up...busy for hours
Matches Expectations I had been waiting for this for a long time. Love it.
Love but... when are you going to release the next set
Very fun and challenging Really enjoy it and love the difficulty
Two thumbs up I love that I can do logic puzzles without having to buy a book
These are the same logic puzzles as the books.  Very enjoyable. Really appreciate the line fill festure ehen selecting an answer.
Love Lots of fun
Sweeeeeet I rate  comin 0000002
