Singles vs.  Partners The game is very good. But I would like to occasionally play for myself and not with a partner. Is there any way or will there be any plans to let us decide to play either with a partner or alone
I've played the free game for quite awhile and enjoyed it so I felt I could spare 99 cents
I like it. Good entertainment. It provides entertainment and up to now I have not had any glitches.
Spades Love this game.but the accent button will not work when pressing down on it.
Spades Great app, A.I. could be improved.
Love this game This game world be better with local and online multi player
Classic Spades. No WiFi Needed. Classic game play. Attractive graphics, good instructions, variable difficulty level, and a stable app. Fun to play on my long bus ride to work with no WiFi.
Worth The Dollar If You Like Spades Played the free version for nearly a year. Figured I owe them a buck. Simple yet pleasing graphics now include animations. Recently added rule options are welcome. And ad free for a buck Sure. The AI gets semi regular updates and is way better than it used to be, so I feel at least the devs are trying. All around, a great app for a Spades lover to pass the time.
Nil bids and flight Love this game but partners often let me get books they could take on nil bods. Opponents are very good at not letting  their partner get books on their nil bids. Also game could use double points option on flight bids 10 books.
Al's Spades LOTS OF FUN                                GREAT WORK ON YOUR APP. WATCH BILL'S EYE EXPRESSIONS . HE HAS A SUPER SOFT SPOT FOR WOMEN. L.O.L.
Nice
Spades Highly entertaining
Excellent app The game has improved with each updated. AI partner now plays NIL game fairly sensibly. It still needs a bit of tweaking when the opposition is playing a NIL. AI partner sometimes plays a high value card when holding low cards that will reverse the NIL. Also plays the spades fairly consistently. You guys  have developed some of the best AI engines out there.
I love spades alot I plays this game right before I go to bed. Love this game.
The AI is simply amazing The CPU players are really true to their level of play This is far and away the best version of this game I've ever had the pleasure to play.
Finally Jokers are added A great game just got even better Love the option to change trumps. Finally the Spades game that I know
500 points its not enough. Pls do it 1000
Nice Nice game its a must try.
