I love it Sooo awesome development from the turn out company for all users
Superd Nice... Awesome but difficult
Best game ever My son loved this game
Best game ever rath rocks
Nice This so cool
Good It was so good
BEN 10 Man this game is awesome we have to our enemy and buy alien to defeat the enemy but there is one thing some time it block and some time it don't   but it fun to play this game 
Unbelievable It is a fantastic mind blowing I can't tell more than this but it is an awesome game
Waste game ever I thought Yo guys download this for fun and enjoyment my thinking is waste waste waste waste game I ever loved lol
Awesome.. Super game friends. I just can't put the phone down while playing the game. Every Ben 10 fans should play this game. I hadn't played a game like this. I hope the developers will make games like this again.
Luv it I once deleted this game as i had to buy another ph. Once i have my new ph i straight away downloaded back this game.. gosh i am so addicted to it
Amazing It was really awesome game I enjoyed playing it...graphics are also amazing...... Thanks game developerzzzzzzz
An Awesome Game I Once Played This Game....Im Bored In It Last Time But Now.....I Cant Stop Playing It,It's Just Like Someone Is Controlling Me.....
Epic game Ever seen like this games in my life this is a mind blooing game I think everbody should download this game this is good for time pass
Loved it But I open this game in arcade and ultimatrix mode 33 loading complete but the asked unfortunately ben 10 xenodrome has stopped please fix this problem plzzz I loved it awesome game
please fix it the game is good but in story mood at level 2 that use new background battle it force stop and shutdown my phone.. i try uninstall and install again but same cannot play the second background battle..please fix it
OMG This game is the best in the world ever made.I learn the control in 5 minutes only.I thank the person who made it.
Fun game The aliens are very cool and i can play this game with my freinds just one thing can you make more aliens because there are only 9    aliens
This is a crazy ben 10 game Awesome game but should add more chapters of story mode and hero time
Ben 10 It's amazing game at once will start it you will keep on playing.
