Freezing up I don't know what's different, but the app has been freezing up for me since yesterday.   I'm on a galaxy s4.  None of my other apps appear to be affected.  I can get it to unfreeze by rotating the screen.  UPDATE works great.  No ads.  What's not to like
Great Game. This game is stable, easy on the battery and system resources. I tried the free version and immediately bought the full version. A few less steps to start a new game is the only thing I would like to see changed.
Love this game Perfect when I want something quick to do.   No crazy fancy mess, just a good game of solitaire
Great game Runs great on a Moto G 2nd gen. running Lollipop. Fun game with a great interface that is customizable. Brainium seems responsive to customer problems. Things I would add are a pause feature.  For people with tremors, add a delay when you touch the screen, you can get more than 3 cards. Great stable game, highly recommend
Good App The hints feature's constant shuffling cards around is annoying. How about it just suggests useful moves Good game though.
SolitaireNewest Version Greatest implementation of solitaire games I have ever played  This is a Must Have for you're Android device  Constant improvement is clearly this company's goal.  If you love Klondike Solitaire, you'll love this app.
Works great. Hours of fun. I love being able to create my own themes.
Nice, nice, baby  Just what I was looking for. This classic solitaire app has a clean, classy UI, and runs smoothly. Animations are slick game win animation is mesmerizing. Card back customization is a welcomed option. Achievements a clever and fun addition. Wish hints were more a bestmost valuable move, vs. every single available move. Adfree worth the 2. Try it Samsung Galaxy S6
Perfect Spend a buck and get an ad free game that is fast, small and free of bugs, spy ware, etc. After messing my smartphone up with other cra and having to reload the os, load only the good stuff. Just keeps getting better.
A Good Game to Sharpen Your Focus Great straight forward game. Allows you to replay a game until you discover the solution or surrender in utter defeat.
Still great Simple interface, good customization choices, no ads. A perfect time killer with no side effects other than addiction.
My favorite solitaire It's customizable and it has all ofthe features I could possibly need.  Been using it for quite some time now
Favorite App Best version of Klondike for androids and we'll worth paying for. I only wish it had the snapshot feature that I have on my pc solitaire game.
Droid Razr One of My favorite apps. Try the others, spider and freecell.
Very smooth have Wish it was feed clicks to start new game but prefect otherwise
Really enjoy this game. Very glad I downloaded. Not a piece of cake game and forces you to think.
Favorite app Best solitaire appcan undo any choice and cards move with a tap.
THIS GAME IS A GREAT GAME I like the game so much and it is so fun to play to
Good classic solitaire Love all the games from Brainium Studios they are very well made and fun to play.
Love the game, l'm in the Dr office a lot, it keeps Me busy for ever
Great App Played the free one so much felt it only right to pay for it 
No ads, Thankfully... Does exactly what it says, its solitaire with no nuisance ads for a once off payment...   
Solitaire Addictive, now one doesn't have to lay all the cards out oneself.
2 years later, still the best... I've tried other apps in the past, but always come back to this one. It's been my favourite for the last 2 years. Still the best
