I LOVE IT I LOVE IT I its so funny at the end of the movie p.s love mozart music rhis app is GREAT I can even log in too SWEET
My teacher let's us each this in class But she says we can't download it but I just did so any ways awsome I didntneven know you could download it oh it downloaded time too each vids
Loved it I use it when I'm at school and we see videos of the body like the heart and the vains,brains,and blood vessels too and at home to I use it for information.
I know brain pop I know brain pop I watch this in my school some times in holomuan elm I love brain pop its vary funny.
I think it is for kids to learn like my baby sister nows how to talk and she is only 3 I love it
Great educational program Love using this for my students. As for username and password given by Ms. Hunter, hillview2 is UN, with hillview as PW in regards to the rude child, Bocanegra, Adrian. Being rude like that will keep people from wanting to help... Keep that in mind.
Awesome  I'm a student and my teacher uses brain pop and you learn lots of stuff about different stuff on brain pop
Awesome When my class learned about antiont egypt we watched brainpop Plus im in second grade in school
Brain POP jr. I like this app because I get to learn stuff while watching fun videos
I LOVE IT Am ten and in school we'll watch it and Moby the robot is funny Tim and Moby and the little girl and Moby mostly Tim and Moby
Love it It let's me log in when at sunrige elementary school and brain pop now in 6th
Print pop jr This is a good app to use for you kids my sister was so smart when she did this app
Asome and perfect logging in It's the perfect games I can go anywhere with me and watch BrainPOP but the only thing it needs is to not use the internet and load up faster
Yes I finally have this game I am not going to have to Internet
Great app Btw you have to have a school username and password use my schools mview username password trojans
My teacher in 5th grade name mis.Greer has these and teach us with these app on a smart board.
Awesome MAYBE IT MAY NOT FREAKING WORK FOR YOU BUT FOR MR YES SO STOP RUINING THE FUN
Wow Its gives persons a leson and it teaches them a bout since im a  teacher so  i will rate 5
I love it I like it but I don't know my email an password and I only watched 5 vidros
Wont log me in We have purchased it for  year. Trying logging in after a couple of months. And its just not logging us in.. dont know where to complaint.
Like it Like it CUZ it helpless with yo education I bet it don't with you guys ha ha dummies
It is easy To get on now because I don't have to get on the slow internet bam what
Great Like the movies but the kind of educational movies I need it does not have them. Please fix that
Good game The password is Roywaldron and the username is brainpop or capital b
Riley's first MRI was this year The brain surgeons talked about the brain tumors in Riley's 5 year old brain Riley does not know she has brain tumors
Brainpop jr I love brainpop jr because moby and any are soooooo funny
Oseidwomoh8 It's the best app for me to learn and study 1 winner
