Really awesome Best 3d drag racing game ever on android. And there are some cars in the game that have front wheel driving in real live but there are also cars in the game that should be rear wheel drive like the Evo not sure what the name of it is its just  a little thing that  bugs me, but other then that it is one of the best drag racing game in the Google play store.
Drag Racing 3D Great racing Wish there was a Subaru WRX STI though 
Greatest DR Game I think more more cars like Hyundai Veloster, Lexus IS 350 , Subaru Legacy B4 and Ferrari 458 Italia .
The best game I ever played u should add free drive mode and steering and tilt Thank
Good Its good it needs better graphics and a better car list and more in depth upgrading
Awesome This game is so awesome,fun and addicting buy can use more things like cars and advanced options but so far the game is great
Awesome I've been following this game since it first hit the market and I must say that you guys have improved this game so much. Please bring back the 4 car races
I love this game its simple and fun. I will  recommend it to my frinds too I love it
Speechless I have never played a game as good as this. I recommend you to download this game. Now I'm speechless.  ...
This is dope you guys are the best you should put an dodge ram truck
Just started I've only just started but it seems very good
Great game for a dollar First thing, the graphics are amazing for a cell phone game. I just started playing 15 minutes ago and had to rate. This is a A game, great job on this one yall.
So much fuuun I love this game finally have my music in the game
Thx for the Skyline update I would like to see more updates D
This is a cool game Awesome game needs cheaper wheels
Cool Awesome game
Godd awesome add rx7 and r32
Its awesome Great game
Good Nice game, nice graphics Love it
Cool Very cool game
Awesome Very great game
Great Great game, just got it yesterday and I have no complaints
Awesome game Good gameplay
Drag racing Good game
Better than all others Dope
Add Add Mazda Furai
