This is the most beautiful game I have ever played. The graphics are spectacular and I find the gameplay very smooth and enjoyable. Worth every one of the 5 stars
Nice Challenging Game ...with one exception  The space invaders type minigame requires hand eye coordination which I don't have.  The walk through hints have to be earned this way as well.  I play these type games because I don't enjoy time limits or shooting style games.  That said, the story line was cute.  I actually got my daughter interested in it because she played the one minigamepuzzle which I could not.  Thanks to the designers and I anticipate others like this
Amazing game On my Samsung A3 beautiful experience, nice grafics, amazing sound It was one of the greatest game I've ever played... just one thing, is there a second part of the game I felt it a little bit short jaja Just one day to finish it, lol...
Excellent game, challenging puzzles. This game is gorgeous, first of all. The art style and interface are unique and aesthetically pleasing, and the tone of the game is very well conveyed. The puzzles are challenging as well, and force players to think of new ways to do things that might not be obvious at first. It is a very intelligent game that is both accessible and often frustratingly difficult. I would recommend making the arcade minigame controls easier like the walkthrough spider game's.
Love it One of the greatest mobile games I've ever played. Challenging, intriguing, and overall, beautiful.
Last update The game is great and after the last update it doesn't crash constantly anymore.
Love this game The quality and atmosphere of this game is amazing. I've spent so many hours on it already. Highly recommended
Great game Really enjoyed it,  i just finished it yesterday.  I want more games like this.
Best money I ever spent 10 stars I played a lot of games, but this is the first one I was ever disappointed to finish. Wish it went on just a bit longer. My thanks to all involved in the development of this game.
Amazing One of the best games i've ever played on mobile It has everything you would want from a game awesome puzzles, story, funny moments. Worth every cent, on my way to buy the sequel.
Very nice game, definitely recommend. But the controls on some screens are difficult.
Wow Don't think I've ever enjoyed being so frustrated. The graphics,  gameplay, and music are truly worth the price More please
Whaaaaaat That's just the most perfect mobile game I've ever played. So lovely and awesome puzzles. I have just finished it but I'll sure play it all over again lt3
Challenging Very difficult. Great graphics and a good story
Outstanding Great, great game. Nice story, good puzzles, beautiful graphics and music. Buy without hesitation.
Unique style Loved it. I'm a long time fan since the early Samorost flash games, but this game takes it to another level. I had to save often, I experienced a lot of crashes on my Oneplus One when going from one room to another. But nothing game breaking. 5 Stars despite the crashes. I'm stoked for Samorost 3
Wonderful fun game. Wish there were more like it for my Nexus Player.
Fun puzzler Wish there was a way to get a sequel or something
Best 5 ever spent please come out with the second one
Beautiful experience Those who like adventures MUST play this game.
Best game on android so far.. Had no troubles to play at all and couldn't take my eyes of the screen until finish. Well done..
Love the game. One of the best games in a long time.
Great Game Good Puzzle and keep me thinking
Pleased as punch Great work promptly fixing the crash issue. Great game, and very happy with the immediate attention.
Just great Amazing graphics, interesting puzzles  not too easy, not too hard. I enjoyed it very much
Awesome One of the best.
Amazing Best mobile game ive ever played, awesome puzzles, music, art, and general vibe Fantastic work
Bo Krasn zpracovan. Logick, pln hdanek a ifer
