Brilliant Game Loved the Story behind it, Alawar never let's me down another brill game Graphics are savage don't know what people are complaining about on here, maybe its your phone or tablet because I have a Sony Experia and its fine 
Unique  Fun For one, there better be a sequel Two, it's definitely a game worth paying for. I liked the graphics, puzzles, and unique game play. It was challenging, but not to a point of frustration. I hope others can appreciate this game too
Excellent Good graphics, good story, no issues with interacting with the items, no glitches. Played very smoothly. Would have liked a bonus level.
Phenomenal and Exciting I love the secrecy the plot and the game play as a whole. I am a hidden object game fanatic and this time I am pleased to be playing this.  Can't wait for the sequel.
One of the best I've played Fantastic game, perfect length, amazing graphics. Was strange that the map only became available half way through, but not a big deal.
I really liked this game Can't wait for a sequel with..hopefully a bonus chapter
One of the best adventure puzzle games ive played My only complaint would be to be able to zoom better on hidden object challenges. Playing on a samsung galaxy s6 Otherwise... LOVED IT
Great Great game with perfect quality. What might be added are collectible items and morphing objects  they could bring more joy. Also bonus content could be added. Map appears somewhere in the middle of the game, when time travel starts and dsappears in last scenes, when you are back. But out of time travel episodes map is not that important. Everything else is just cool.
Incredible Great awesome game  Loved this game so much I'll be looking for more.  Runs great on my Samsung Galaxy pro tablet 12.2.
Not  how  I  thought  it  would  be , but  I most  certainly  like  it , again  I  have  to  say  I'm  impressed  with  alawar  entertainment  all over  again  
Loved it Move over Assassin's Creed Dark Angels is an awesome story about monsterfighting, time  traveling super chicks I think the cafe passwords are hilarious
Great game Really having fun with this game. Combines HOG with point click adventure. Would like to see more games like this.
Excellent story with very different puzzles.
Dark angels Graphics are different. Not sure I like it.
Goofy but Fun Loved the game play and the idea of the Dark Angels but their costumes..really More like Charlies Angels.
Had a lot of fun with this one
Great game .puzzles are good.
Love it Enjoying the game very much. I like that you get to make decisions. It's better than some of the others so far. Wish it didn't take so long for the hint bottom to refresh.
Dark angels Hiden object
DARK ANGELS AWESOME GAMETHANK YOU ALAWAR
Awesome , really nice graphics
Love it Original, different, well worth the money
Make more like this
