Very fun and challenging A hint for people having trouble winning I beat the whole career mode with a fully upgraded lancer, the keys to winning are boost at start as wakes from bikes make it tough, also don't go off every ramp the pc does but sometimes you're faster when you skip a ramp or 2.
Wow Was really reluctant to play at first. I was a riptide 1 fanatic. This game is easily 10 times as good as part one. It took some time mastering all of the swipe commands for jumping stunts, once you do, you won't be able to put this game down. Its a blast
Brilliant. Screeching tires and boiling exhausts, this game leaves all of this behind. Let's you meet with the calm cool water boosting your rush of adrenaline to the roof. The most realistic and top graphical game on Android.
Awesome Game Playing it on the NVIDIA SHIELD flawlessly and looks beautiful.  Only thing I'd like to see in a future update is a practice track to try out my new movesjets
Excellent Not only is it top notch in terms of gameplay and graphics, it's also polished up with regular updates. If you like racers  if your phone can handle it  there is no reason not to buy this.
Awesome gameplay  Visuals Can't fault the game,  money well spent 
Kids love playing this more than other similar games. My kids haven't played anything else on their Samsung Galaxy tablets ever since I bought this game. Great value for just a few dollars.
One of the best games ever. This is a really cool game, with amazing graphics, awesome gameplay, and great jets. Officially addicted.
Fantastic Racing Game This game is awesome. The graphics are great, the controls are smooth, and it has a pretty reasonable amount of playgrind value for a mobile game. Easily worth the money. Update Still an awesome game
Best best best best best best best best best best best best
Great game It's fun, it's polished, it looks great, it's easy to pick up, and it doesn't hold your wallet ransom. I am impressed that they included gamepad and split screen support too. Truly one of the best mobile games out there.
Incredible graphics and thrilling gameplay reminds me of the Wipeout series  Eventually you end up spending a lot of time in boost mode, so I found it was clearer to turn off 'boost blur' in the advanced graphics options. I also stopped looking at the scenery quite as much, to concentrate on the track ahead, as such turning down the detail on scenery, and increasing shader complexity, improved things even further. On a 1st gen Moto G
Loved it Not all that difficult, but enough to keep you trying. One of the most fun games for me, and definitely looks the best
Perfect Plays perfectly on my MotoX and nexus 7 2013, exit82715 this game never ceases to amaze. Runs so clear and crispy on my s6. Graphics are perfect.
Incredible sequel Even better than the first one, spot on gameplay and graphics. Incredible water effects and awesome tricks and sense of speed. 5 stars. Highly recommended.
Fantastic Racer  This is what a racing game on android should be. Without doubt the best one I've played in ages. Beautiful graphics, awesome gameplay, and even has full support for my ps4 controller as well  5 stars all day long 
Great, fun, and verity of options and races Amazing game, better then first with the same concept but more. Worth the money and really fun to play. Level scheme is set up good while the amount of tricks and custimizabilty tops it off. A speedometer and more stage affects would make it an even better game. Online play, so the game doesn't end and low force closes.
Finally i just bought it now. I was playing the cracked version last night but it turns out it crashes always at the end of the game or at some point. So i decided to buy it. Which was worth it. Really great game
Love it The game has amazing graphics for a mobile game, and the controller support works really well,  one of the best games with controller support
Less than 100mb You Dev are Insane Lol This is by far the best racing game I've ever played Graphics are amazing, enjoyable gameplay. And to think you blast everything into such small file size.. Really.. I am speechless.
Redownloading issue I uninstalled the app for a day because I got bored of it now I am trying to reinstall it and it just restarts my phone when I try to re install it.
Nice.. It's Good  Fun But Come On Like Some Races Are Impossible To Win Like Seriously You Need To Upgrade Everything To The Max In Order For You To Win Some Races
Awesome game Well worth the money to buy it. Awesome graphic. Customizable character and jetski. BUY THIS GAME
high quality graphics for snapdragon 810 Oh boy sony xperia z4 is the most powerful cpu and gpu with snapdragon 810 this will pump up android games riptide gp2 is the one to show true power of sony tablet thanks to the amazing technology of this portable laptop experience.
Wow This is the best racing game I've ever played that only uses small data. Good job Vector Unit Keep improving your work
I was only looking for hydro thunder Loved hydro thunder, I play it on the 360 all the time, found this for a reasonable price, and I love it. Great game Vector Unit, keep up the good work
