Word search free Crossword that's easy and fun but addicting because you want to beat your previous time No complaints 
This is an easy and fun game to play. It also is quiet so doesn't disturb others. It cost nothing which is super fantastic or I would not be able to play it.  Thanks google play
Word Search I enjoy this game very much. I am glad there are more than one choice. Thank you.
Awesome Awesome game the best game ever played Topics are very nice and very interesting
Like the levels Free word search is nice Levels to challenge  allow others to play.
It is a very good Brain activity  practice at all times to keep you alert, increased natural reflexes  to delay Dementia at anytime....
I like this game alot... I love the different options you have as in very easy puzzles to very difficult puzzles. Say you're in a doctors waiting room for your appointment, and you know it won't be long, so you go for an 8x to pass the time, and then you're called. Well, that didn't seem like a very long wait after all And I really looooove the 20x puzzles. I love conquering the difficult So, have at it Keeps your brain moving
Does what it should Nice app, works just as it should,you can do wordsearches
Word Search I've been playing this game for months  have not tired of it yet
Word Puzzle Love it. Keep my mind alert. 
Its very nice game i loved it.i play in my free time
Love lovelovelovelove loveloveluo i
It's the best game I have played
Word search Finding hidden words keeps your mind active
Word search Find words in a puzzle.
It's fun It is fun because my mom told me that it can make my brain concentrate In puzzles
Like the different sizes and choices.      Like being challenged..
I like this game very much
Word Search Helps to keep the Brain active.
Very good with no problems. I recommend this word search program.
Superstar excellent I have always loved this game.
Works for me. Great app. Would recommend to all.
Sharonjuneheard I have  go on
Dr. Anitra H. Lackey
Word search Great way to keep your brain motivated.
Wow Loved it
Fun
Great
Best Download this
Easy to use
