Awesome I absolutly adore this game in andriod. I used to play it on computer but I'm thrilled I can now play it on my andriod as well What an awesome game the graphics are perfect and while its 1.99 its a small price to pay for endless hours of fun for all ages
To everyone who recently updated this game Reset your game under the options menu to start your game over. This allows u to purchase coffee and helpers that are missing after the botched update. It's frustrating to start all over, but at least we can still enjoy the game we purchased and used to love.
So fun I love it so much I bought it. Try it out its a fast paced fun game n u earn a bunch of updates n buy thing for your salontrust me ull luv it too
New I love it the new update  The new costumers and graphics are better. Everything is perfect except the levels restarting fix please.  Allow us to purchase new things . BTW PEOPLE YOU NEED TO RESTART THE GAME TO BE ABLE TO PLAY AND BUY THINGS AND NOT COMPARE TO YOUR OLD LEVELS  LOVE THE GAME.
Love it I had it on my laptop, and once I found it in my play store, I had to get it. I've beat completed the entire game, I just start over again. Maybe you should try adding more places. Lol
AWESOME Loved this game on the pc and love it more on my phone. Great fun challenging game. All it needs is an update with more levels PLZ  also says gift wit purchase but i didnt receive that 
Love it. Game is just so addicting, for the amount of levels given its worth the 1.99. Obviously anyone would LOVE for more levels to be added on and maybe a few more special features but the game all in all is great This and Sally ' Spa are a perfect match for your beauty games. Nails, hair,  massage,  etc. I definitely recommend downloading it Try their lite versions to see if the game is for you It's free and you can upgrade right on the menu screen
I love the game, it doesn't take much memory. It also runs great on my ancient phone.
Good game I really lik this game wen I play it on my ipod so I thought y not get it here but I started seeing all the bad comments, so I was thinking if I should get or not but I decided 2 get it n I find it fine. Didnt hav any problem with it
Love Love...Love...Love...Love....
