Can't stay away Every time I try and leave this game, I find myself measuring the new one to this and it never measures up. BB2 has loads of content and continues to roll out more each week. This game is good... a little too good.....
This game used to blow App always closed on its own, less pay to win, takes a lot of dedication to get elite but you can without spending money. App functions properly, graphics are entertaining, and there are no more lawllerhorns and an auction house  bizarre. If you are looking for a good time waster that brings you back every day this is it.
Perfect rpg Good all around fun game,New update lags a lot please fix.
upgrade to properly play..fine.. But slow down Still saying. Yeppers.. Getting better but getting a little tired of when there's a new event, upgrades.  I'm just asking if such are the things to deal with. A little early warning to be ready, would be nice. I love this game. And really don't want to miss a thing.. great job guys..
Brutal at the start, fun after the grind This game had come leaps and bounds. I've played from the start, and at first it was a mobile version of paper, rock, scissors. And just as much fun. Now with the different commander skills, a lot of strategy is involved in this game. I'm constantly finding new combos to use within my stable. The revised daily missions allow you to capture strong commanders which is great for new players. The game keeps evolving and getting better all the time.
Great Sequel Set 50 yrs after blood bros. The former merc group has become guardians of the land rising up against a new enemy.
Great Very great game, wasn't gonna download at first but I'm glad I did now
Thanks Thanks blood brothers 2 I have spend 3000 thanks... and i dont have tiered up in mvp thanks dena thanks
Best game ever...... but after new update it is hang i can't play the game sense yesterday, i hop they fix this problem soon.
Fixed many connection issues A much better game with latest update
Good game Very fun and addictive. Good events but very hard unless you spend money.
Dont get played Very addictive
Blood brothers 2 addiction Such a great game, some minor issues here and there but storyline and game play have me hooked I've already recruited a few people to playing it and logged countless hours in the first few weeks now, still loving it months later
Great game easy to play nothing more to say
