Best racing manager game I've seen This not only has all the features abd gameplay you want, it even has the graphics to match.
Great game for motorsport lovers Only thing is cars could be indicated by small car like symbols itself instead of these dots
Addictive as frak Quite simple to understand but addictive as frak. Fortunately, not an instawin game, but it may get too easy after a few hours. Still high5
Great game This game is one of the better racing management games out there, if not the best. While it may look more cartoon like the game AI is realistic.
Beautiful I'm happy to change my review to this game it's official a spectacular game don't lag anymore smooth at icecream. A must get. Looking forward to the best update 
Brilliant game so addictive Not too challenging not too easy really fantastic game. I'm absolutely hooked
Addictive Its really fun, but I think it needs a thing where you can improve your drivers stats so you can improve them by putting them around the test track and or a separate area like the young drivers for the current drivers. Other than that its a really addictive game
So addictive. Can't stop playing it. Hope they add more Championships soon
Microprose Grand Prix This is a superb game, if you're old enough to have played and loved Microprose GP you have to have this game Very well put together, excellent visuals, frustratingly challenging AND its an offline game so ideal for killing lots of time. Be warned addiction lurks...
Solid and lengthy Great manager with a lot of replayability. The amount of choices is rather low, yet the game manages to walk the fine line of managing fun and tedious repetition.
Excellent little simulation game This game is really interesting and has plenty to keep you entertained. Others have complained about having to spend money but I haven't done any inapp purchases and am doing fine in the game. The balance of difficulty is pretty good and you just need a little patience to progress through each round.
Fills the void between F1 weekends Possibly the best mobile game I've played. Reminds me of GPM from decades ago but far better. Only problem is the time I lose playing this as it's very difficult to put down. Thanks guys
The Best RM This is the only racing management game that actually is fun to play. There's a lot to do, but I would like to see more things that automatically happen because I win too easily and it kind makes the game boring after a couple days. I need more of a challenge. Also I feel there needs to be a little bit more of customization. Overall, this is a wonderful game.
Great I love it  Great game. Well designed and developed. The tactics are important and you can see after a while how you change certain things in your strategy. It's not to easy nor to hard. You'll see yourself struggle at some point. You'll find a way out and have a lot of fun with the game. In game money purchase is not needed to win. If you want to support the guy buy some. I had a few wishes for future updates or a sequel but it's great how it is now.
Simply brilliant, highly addictive too Wonderful, easy to play and very challenging. Definitely built by a Motorsport tragic but so so playable. Gave me a much better insight into racing strategies and dilemmas employed by real racing teams too
Fun at the core, engaging all the way through, just enough involvement, not too overly complicated and perfect for a quick bit of rewarding fun. Easy to use interface, even on nontablets. One of the few games that just excels at everything.
Soo much fun I love how intense it can get battling for points towards the end of a season, if a driver retires from a race, even trying to keep your sponsors and factory workers happy. Every once and a while you get a message from a sponsor that was meant for another sponsor and such but easily looked passed with the entertainment value of the game. Big fan motorsportmanager P
