Great game It is a game must to be played  .the only thing that sucks is it hanges too much .why its so obligatory to have money if a person doesn't so what to do Please fixxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx it.
GREAT APP, EXACTLY LIKE PC VERSIONS This app has the same original story, known products and many levels to play as the saucey burger machine helps you with the constant on flow of raving customers It is a must play, and great for larger devices as well as pocketables
Great This app is great no glitches but I kinda feel bad for my game player since I am working her to the bone.
I throughly enjoyed it Aside from the high space consumption and the fact i couldn't enjoy the full version for free, i loved this game as much as i did on the PC version
Really fun and challenging I love this game. It's difficult at times but not too much. I like that new additions add to the challenge so it's not repetitive.
BEST TIME MANAGEMENT GAME EVER Hey guys This game is the BEST as far as I'm commenting. Awesome graphics, they have chicken nuggets  challenging,yet easy to accomplish, lots of levels but please feel free to add more. I'm 100 overjoyed to have found this one. KEEP EM COMING 
So it seems like im addicted to any restaurant games, I think its cause you have to be really fast at them and that seems to be my thingSo addicting and I love that there's no advertising. I could play this all day I love games that requires speed cause it challenges me
I love this game It is really fun and deficuilt but it hangs alot and sometimes when you press something it presses another thing other than that it is really great
Awesommeee Within 2 hours of playing I already bought the full version.. which I'd never do. This game actually becomes a challenge Totally worth a download... but if you buy the full game it gets really hard.
Loving it I've always played it as a little kid and to.this day I still get addicted so I give u five stars for making my childhood more fun then it already was
sweet Is an awesome game I really love it especially when you can help the people and is really funny how they get mad and when they leave you lose coins and money but its still an awesome game but I haven't even lost a level so I don't know what happens to  but i still like it
Addicting I used to play this game on the computer ... But now that I got it on my phone I can't stop playing it. Thanks you and good job 
Love it I think it's the best game it's the only that don't have problems with and it's the frustrated game that I download if I go to a new phone
I love this game,  and I would by the full version, but the deluxe version doesn't appear as an app in the play store. You can get it through the game, but I am worried that the play store hasn't approved it there for a reason and that it would mess up my phone if I purchased it. Designers, please please please get the full version approved and onto the play store so that I know that it won't mess up my phone and then I will definitely by it
Please help. A really good game. U should get it. I love to play this game but i finished all tge free level within 24 hours. If i buy the full version download will i get charged monthly payments of 1.99 or is this a one time payment
Very Addictive  Used to play this game on my laptop. Been waiting for the day that I finally got to find it on my phone. I can't stop playing it
love it one of the best. played 100s of games but never bought one but had to with this game loved it to much.
Great It's a really good game. But sometimes it tells me that the cup is In the wrong spot but I put it were it told me but it's a really good game
Amazing You must try it out. First I thought it was dumb, but its actually pretty cool. Love your games Gobit
OMG Cannot believe I have finally found this game again, I used to play this on the pc... so happy that I have found it again excellent game... cannot talk now got more burgers to makes.. RECOMMENED, INSTALL IT NOW BRILLIANT....
Awesome This game is the destroyer of boredom with each level just a little more challenging then the next I say it was worth the money.
Fun and addicting This game is cool no interruptions or glitches. Very satisfied with gameplay.
Aaaaawesoomeeee The game is great. Personally I think itd be better to play it using a touch pen because after a while ur finger starts to feel like e.ts p
So awesome  My day wont perfect if i can't play this  Just woah  So much fun hhaha i love it
