Truely amazing I have never had better. In the years I had a mobile device, I've searched for app to let me make digtal drawings. Now, I can make what I couldn't before.
I love your guys apps. But im havimg problems with this one. Im on a samsung galaxy tab3 and it opens but glitches. Its showing the logo, going onto the drawing pad then going to show me the tutorial then the screen goes black and it repeats. It may be my device but wanted to let you guys know 
This is an amazing app It doesn't glitch that often, only sometimes when I use the spray paint brush, and sometimes the pictures I make are flipped upside down when I'm done which is a little weird, but this app is really good to handle I recommend this for digital artists
Great App Best drawing app I've ever used. It has great tools, you can add layers make perfect cirles, squares, and you can add color too. If your an artist you will love this app, it runs great, it is worth downloading.
Please add blendblur tool I've only just started using this and I absolutely love it however I wish there was some sort of blendblur tool so its easier to blend in the different shades. It gets a bit annoying changing the opacity and size of the brush to get the same effect. Other than that, awesome app 
More Layers This is by far,the best free app for sketching I found.I give 5 stars,but one little thing I want And I'm sure others want tooAt least 5 layers.Is really hard to work with only 3 layers.
On the go It's amazing how much stuff you can get done with this app, with this app I have created so many different characters and my art is getting much better I'm 16 and I can already see the progress in my work I will be using this app for all my art work now. I want to be a graphic designer and this is the best app to help you practice to do that.
perfect i used to use another app, and really had a hard time on drawing there since i don't really like how the drawings come out, but i tried this and i swear my life just became easier.
This is the best app I've found yet for digitally coloring and drawing. It's easy to use, and near perfect. If i had the chance, however, I'd make two changes. I'd add a smudge tool. I've seen a ton of comments about this, and i agree. Blending colors is possible, but difficult. The other change I'd make is adding more layers. The maximum is three, but that's not quite enough. But nonetheless, this app still deserves all five stars in my eyes.
Great App This is a very nice app I just wish it. had a smudge tool and a few more layers. Also the pictures for  horizontal and vertical are mixed up. I would definitely recommend this app
