LOVE IT Fun but tricky but I can't see how it does not work for you its brill    O
Soo cool Snow glows white on the mountain, tonight not a foot have been found whatever it is so cool it is heaven in the air the air its so cool so cool u must see must see in the times, u will see that I'm powerful and brave And you'll seeeeeee And its so cool
I love to play games names Elsa Let it go At frozen movie I love very more Elsa because it beautiful and have a power ice . It look nice . And I no Elsa have any power . More Elsa power . You have to look at YouTube . I love very more Elsa .Bye.
Black widow Iggy I'm gonna love ya until you hate me
I love it but i have somthing else  to say Go play fnaf its awesome well fnaf. Stands for five nights at freddys
Frozen love game I like the game so cool always on Disney channel some time ondemand Disney about to come on frozen feaver. Some times tricky and fast don't touch the white
SHahd yasser It's good for children and this game is funny
This is the best thing about this app store and delilah Brantley loves it will be at school
Jelsa I LOVE IT IM FINDING IT FOR MONTHS
YEAH I love this freken gameI has all the right notes for my daughter.And she loves this game
so cool it's hard because the song is long
Loved it  Its fun but it can be tricky sometime you should really get it 
Lol I got passed every 356 times
Everybody like Not a real piano.But,the best black and white patterns.Download it.
Annie annie annie Do you know who I'm i Yes
I  love  this  app This  time  I   have  to  loved  it  if  you're  a  fan  of  Elsa  you  would  download  it  you  would  love   it.
It is coooooooool Easy to play
Letitgo I like to play pino
Fun I LOVE IT 
Wow awesome I really love it WOow
Loved this game This game is super cool and I really enjoyed it.
Lol The snow glose enyway love it
Best game I love this song sooo much I sow Frozen 30  times  and best song is this song beeeest
Wow No words to describe its just WOW
It's nice thank you
Perfect Perfect but why it isn't complete It has JUST one part of the song 
Kim tae ki 
Very nice I love it very mucj
Best ever Best gane i have ever been on
Let it go piano play It was amazing
Awesome
