Feels great I don't really understand the hate this receives on Steam.  Really unjustified.  Other than the price tag, there really isn't anything that's reasonable to downvote.  The story is a bit mediocre, but the game play is where it is at.   You get a lot of versatility with the jobs available and being able to use abilities from them is even better.  If you don't mind the price tag, be sure to pick this up.  A true golden oldie.
Excellent This is a great port of an already great game. My only concern is the redrawn sprites, but if you can get past them, it's dang near perfect.
Very fine remaster for a fine RPG I'm impressed with the updates made to one of my favorite rpgs . job system is as excellent as ever and the trophies are a nice reward for mastering it. Cloud support is also a nice addition.
Such a fun game. Brought back so many memories, into a much nicer game to look at as well as play. The job system is just so much fun to mess around with. You guys need to bring it back. Lately these games of This is so and so, and this is his skills are really boring.
Final fantasy addict Love the job mechanic in this game where you dictate your set up ff1 started it ff5 took it to the upper echelon  find me on ff record keepers qcvi or qvci friend code pretty sure its the first one lol
One of the top 5 Final Fantasy games This remake is awesome. The graphics are nice the gameplay hasn't changed its just awesome Thanks SqE
Amazing game. I just wish we could  have a New Game feature. Necromancer is so overpower and yet we barely play with it.
Yuck I ordered the chicken parm from this restaurant and it was terribly over cooked, the sauce was waterly, and they put too much dressing on the salad. Overall great. Would eat again.
Still a Classic Controls are great, gameplay is top notch, easy to pop on and grind out a few battles on a break.
Final fantasy v I love all final fantasy
Amazing HUGE improvement over the ps1US version I have merely watched the opening sequence and have already noticed the revamped graphics I love the clock and the battery indicator as well
Finally fixed
Great port over Translation and all.
Always loved the Final Fantasy games.  this ones a lil different though,  i guess they're crossdressing now,, nothin wrong with that,  wasn't expecting it though.
Great I missed this game so Much and this is a great remake
Amazing Even better then I remembered.
Final fantasy v R.p.g.
Awesome
Good
Love it Works great Have no ploblems with it
Good game I love this game
Easy controls, addicting gameplay I have never beaten a final fantasy game so I figured getting it for my phone would make that easier. It is extremely fun and I have had zero problems.
I have.one of the crappiest phones known to man but yet played this game flawlessly to the very end. Only downside is after i reached the end i lost interest in playing. Shouldbtuat even be a downside. Its like saying after i finished with that girl i didnt like her.anymore...lol..
