Classic but there is a problem One of my favorite games. So many memories. But I have been picking up items and then they will not be in my inventory. The only way to make this better would be to add a screen rotation feature.
Yet further proof why this series is the finest. Square Enix should be ashamed for not having advertised properly in the West. The folks should tell them that with a little effort, other titles such as DQ 10 and the 3DS games would easily sell here.   Factually, the original DS version of this remake of DQ6 sold well in the West, despite the uneducated minority claiming otherwise. Again, SE should be ashamed for not continuing to push this series after DQ6 DS's success.
Great classic, a bit too much objective searching Like all Dragon Quest games, it very well balanced, fun and well designed. I like DQ6 just a bit less than 45, mostly because this one have times where the user is forced to speak to everyone in an area, which can really feel like a drag. Android is very good as usual.
Moto E Phone This series is the best. I can't wait for Dragon Quest Heroes on PS4 and this shows why we need more Dragon Quest games on consoles and over in the West period.
Come for the action, stay for the gameplay. This is the one that got me into Dragon Quest.  IVVI are all great ports of DS unlike the FF ones which aren't always very good and run on the same engine so you really can't go wrong with any of them.
Love it
My favorite of all the series
 Always good
First time playing DQ...I LOVE IT. The story is interesting,the graphics are nice  vibrant,controls are really good  the gameplay rocks.A really solid mobile rpg.Even better than FF titles on android.
Great remake. Big fan of the Super Famicom game, I was stoked to get this.  Portrait  only mode doesn't bother me in the least sprites are big and colorful, and it's perfect for when I have a sleeping baby on my shoulder.  Fluid enemy animations, rotatable villages, official script as good as DQ VIII's translation, plus a few new mini games and a couple other features make this a must  have for fans of the series.  Note You can only quick save on the world map, so you're s.o.l. in a dungeon.
One of the best Dragon Quests Glad this is here, the story is great and I really like the refined job system which was even more refined in VII, easily the best of the series  keeping my fingers crossed it comes to Android. Definitely worth it.
Fantastic. Like all DQs. Now, how about that DQ7 english release
AWESOME GAME Live this game and its on my phone and tablet
Loved It Dragon Quest games have in my opinion stood the test of time. An excellent JRPG worthy of your spare time.
One of ix reasons to love dragon quest. Now to patiently wait for dqvii...
FINALLY Dq 46 on my device now. Thanks squenix
dq6 is dq7 even possible for android
Great game Cloud syncing is awesome too. Switching between devices works great.
First DQ Game Amazing art and gameplay blended with wonderful yet polished story.
THE BEST THERE IS Love the game HONESTLY  my Favorite Game from the entire Dragon Quest Franchise
The best of DQ series I Love IT
Good game
