 Awesome game  This game is really awesome and adorable To all those people that said that this game is too fast it's because your too slow You guys wouldn't have a problem if you used your coins in the game not the ones you need to pay in real life  cause I used my coins to buy the thing that stops them from coming in  soo TO ALL THOSE PEOPLE THAT ARE HAVING PROBLEMS I THINK YOU GUYS SHOULD BUY MORE USEFUL THINGS
DEFFO KITTIE The graphics are crisp and sharp with solid animation, with little to no glitches. The sound track while repetitive, is at least in keeping with the nature of the game. With little to no story to speak of it does suffer a little on the narrative side but this does stop it from at least being poorly written like most other AAA titles. All things considered this actually makes this a better built and better written game than the highly touted metal gear solid V.
Love it I really love this game because when I downloaded it I thought it was boring but when I played the game it was really fun and exciting to see if you play it
Super awesome I rated this game 5 stars because it is funny when people get angry plus we learn how do we settle down people
I love it more than cheese .... It's so cool me and my sis who is 7 years old we both do  competition to win and every week we see who has the most money and who ever wins gets a chocolate bar but if tie we both have a movie night with marshmallows and popcorn and hotdogs it usally  a tie so movie every friday
Hello kitty points I love the game, but how do you get Hello Kitty Points Do you have to go to Lvl 10
Loved it Why 3 reasons 1. Not boring 2.Adorable 3. I miss it... when i was 56 i played this game and now i am 9 I saw it and loved it again 
Loved it It was sooooooooooooooooo nice I gave 5star becuase it was great I love kitty's friend you all must load 
She Really Love It She always asking me to borrow my phone, Then i ask her Who you love the most She answered, Daddy here's the phone. Thanks developer. 
Interesting game for childrens I loved this game because this has a entertainment for children's and have a fantastic look the kitty is also very adventurous and the costumers have many options in salon like hair cut hairstyles etc i request u to download this game u have alot of fun
Awesome. Game But plz tell me how to use  hello kitty points plz plz plz do reply
When I updated this game why does it not give me free hello kitty points at the start
it's so much fun I can't wait if THEY MAKE A PART 2
Loved  it Loved it......the best game ever......please download it.....best game for children aged 5 and up.....
Miss I Think This   Game  Is    Really Good But    It  Is   Hard    Still   Nice.
Love gtlt I like hello kitty. I think i want all of hello kitty
So great This game is off the hook. You deserve 5 stars
Love it Lovely game ever seen so so beautiful game love it love it
Love it Because it's a fun game and you can get characters  in awesome
