Wow  Boy do I LIKE this app' Shades of KB896256. The phone so much smoother and faster. Glitching is gone with no overclockovervolt. Just set my lower to 384 and my upper to 1188 and Shazaam  Battery life does not appear to be impacted and the screen is cooler as well. I'm impressed at how well my original Sensation with ICS 4.03 update has responded  Thanks for this one.
Mindblowing This is probably the single best utility app out there, amazing battery life achieved simply by setting the screen off CPU speed to absolute minimum. All the other apps I use boost the CPU to near maximum, including Nova Launcher. So amazing overall responsiveness with great standby time, all thanks to this simple app. Been testing it for a few weeks,  Galaxy Note 2  PA 4.3. Would gladly pay a few bucks for it.
A Must Have Far better than free ones that can fight with your device to set things with options missing. This app has all needed options and has simple UI
Better than Tegrak overclock Tegrak support is massively lacking..lot of bugs..    BUT SET CPU is best... better control over the system..
Still the best Its still the best and most stable clocker I've used in years, most custom roms still advice using this and for a good reason its easy to use and has less problems, would be nice to see a helpdefinitions page for noobs to help understand terms and effects of use
Well This app has always been my go to app and still is Ppl say its usless now since ROMs come with option to change CPU and etc...but this app can also set different profiles to change CPU and governor when screen is offon , charging and a ton of other settings I'm so glad the dev still keeps up with this app
superb on 4.2.2 TW but slowed my 4.4 kitkat superb.  no more overheat no more battery drain. Much smoothly and faster rom now on 4.2.2 android is excellent..but slowed my kitkat 4.,4
ITS A WRAP This has been a must install on every android device I have. No matter what CPU the device has, this app reigns supreme when it comes to ocuc.  Changes made always stick to the settings even after resets and RR when checking out ROMS.  Add in the PROFILES and its a wrap, WHERE THEY DO THAT AT
Extends battery life I use one profile to underclock the cpu when screen is turned off and it extends battery life so at the end of the day i still have about 3040 instead of 1520 before using this app.
The first thing you install after you root I've had HD2 with android, the One S and now the One and with this app, battery life was never an issue. Get it, set it and forget it....
seems quite effective scales down frequency when not required. Please also introduce feature to change the custom frequncy via panel itself rather than from custom text file.
HTC One M8  ROOTED 128GB I should have rooted my phone a long time ago.  This app just put the ice cream on hot apple pie.
Used this app since DROID X days... I now have a rooted Note 3 but have used this personally on Verizon DROID X, Verizon HTC Thunderbolt, Verizon and Tmobile Galaxy S3 and S4, Note 2 and 3. This app does what it says without fail every single time I have used it. This is the one.
