Please add quick reply on texts, etc.  more apps have badge counters. And please make a lockscreen or Siri. Pop up notifications don't work
55 This new update 3.7.1 fixed the stutter getting out of the App Switcher, which means. This is now the Best iOS based Launcher you can get. Amazing work Suckgamoni
Holy Jesus So much smoother and cleaner. All this needs is a search page and its all set to be the best ios launcher on Android
Great launcher It's clean, simple and does what it advertises and well at that.  I would love to see two features added, 1. Hide notification bar, 2. Hide dock.
Best iOS launcher ever The attention to detail is just amazing, Also it could be nice with the new ios 9 spotlight search. The only bugs i found were that icons that i had changed reverted back to normal sometimes. Also, please make a ios lockscreen  and control panel lto go along with this launcher because you're the only developer that knows how to do it properly
MichaeZegend Best iPhone launcher out period Please bring the new spot light search bar in ios 9. Thanks
Very nice Works very well now on my device. Please make ios style lockscreen app with notification, i know you can do it 
Best iOS clone ever This app is just simply tremendous it is fsst, smart, beautiful, and so customizable. I am recommending this to all my friends with andriod devices. Love it keep up the good work
Aweaome The app is awesome,but can you please add animation what iphone has when you open an app
The best launcher ever I only use this one and it's amazing. No problems with my Moto X 2nd Gen. Incredible job with this app.
I android Everything is good but can we adjust icon drawer background to required colour
Cool Best ilauncher for ios surface on market.pls fix it that the i cons is randomize after restart  the phone.also no badge notification for sms and calls like ios.we wait for update especially to add the spotlight search like ios9.i give 5 stars.
Perfect clone of iOS How about adding force touch Haha
Very good launcher, best one for IOS lovers, keep up the good work
Sort apps Please can you add sorting apps
Awesome Please add some ios9 features
