3.0 update I love what was done with modules and foundations, where background distinguishes them from warrior tiles, however removing the frame could have been handled better because sometimes the board looks like a mess and it makes difficulties in distinguishing which attack symbol belongs to which hex. Overall  it's good. Oh, and also, i like that modules that add initiative have the circle removed. More intuitive now.
Love this game but addon armies too expensive LOL. If you don't like the HD graphics uninstall the game and re install
Like a knife fight in a phone booth Excellent translation of the board game.
Nice strategy board game It takes a little while to learn what the units do, but once you have, the strategy gets quite deep and interesting.
Never gets old I love this game.  I love kicking the computer's butt and getting revenge when I lose.  The game doesn't keep any statistics so I keep a collection of win screen shots.  My goal is to beat every army with every army...   It's been taking me a very long time to do this, but I've enjoyed every game, win or lose
Its very good BUT why isnt it updated I dont see uranopolis army yet Hahahaha please add it very unique board game
Rad Great implementation  of an already fantastic game.
Great tactical time waster No other game like it on mobile. AI is great, IAP are not necessary but add layers to the game. Devs keep the game fresh with graphics overhauls and new content.
Graphics look great No idea what everyone is complaining about game and tiles look great.
This is a great board game all by itself, but the implementation is even better. Gone are all those tedious moments calculating damage, and special actions, and all that fiddling around the app does that for you. The AI is also very good, and customizable. Highly recommended to anyone who enjoys either board games or tactical strategy video games.
So Good Never played the tile game, but I can imagine there would be a LOT to keep track of which the app does for you. Really nice implementation of a board game.
Fun concept Really cool for 2 ppl on a large tablet.
