Suggestion Apart from the other bugs in the game, there is yet another.... for instance, If two coins are at the exitentrance tofrom home, one going in and the other going out, it's up to chance whether a coin goes home or the other comes out... please look into this  if you could add an option of which coin to move, it would be very helpful... thanks for the game though.... loved every moment of it regardless of its minor, very minor flaws.
Umesh sharma Game is wonderful we luv playing. Please make opponent android more smart , because it's killing to opponents is never sure , so plz do it if u can ,thanks
Awesome Only something  has to be done wen all coins at same place. Like I had one to enter home and 3 which were out but had to move 3 then the home one.
Good Good game but there is a problem with it that I can't see the yellow colour in it and if one coin is upon another then I can't select the second one to go
Beautifully carved. But... But there is one flaw....we are unable to proceed after one six.....as traditionally we can keep six as carry and proceed at the end with accumulated point. If this feature would be added then really there is no difference between virtual and real play.Please add this feature...
Still requires some improvement Whenever i quit the game and go back and again start the game i roll the dice only once and than it says that the game is over. Other than this thing everything is Perfect.
Very interesting game App quality tremendous. Feels like real.
Hey its osom It can be more better if adds are removed
Wonder how every time I play with androids i win
awesome i cant live without ludo game i just love this game
Its good time pass Real ludo I like it
Superb Game I play this with my friends and dad...old childhood memories 5 star
There is no game like this. I always wanted a game like this thank you so much
Great game awesome game ....good to play with family when there is nothing to do at home awesome loved it .....FOR ALL THOS WHO LIKE IT I GIVE U A THUMBS UP 
My favorite app We' can't eat and sleep without play.from robin
Wwweeeeee its installing thought now ADEZMA DE HERO
Syed Ayaz It's a great time pass game
GTS7562. Blue sky. I love it.
nice for the tym past its really the grt game
