The bowl The woman  man who asked for the bowl, that mission is impossible I would like it if you would take that one out, because you can't make your pottery like that and when ever I get it right they say ''no'' to it so I think its rigged...
Samsung note 2 I purchased the fuIl version love it. Never buy any apps cus nothing is really worth my time but I gave this app a 5 start cus I don't remember the last time I actually had this much fun lol anyways for those that are disappointed maybe is something you don't like or you ain't interested in it. Don't rate it low if it's not you type of game.
I love it OMG for a year I couldn't buy it until today, this is relaxing and fun But more tools would be better  and more colors like multi colors 10000000 coins I like challenge s
Best game EVER I love this game before I was playing fnaf2 It scared me pretty bad lol then I went on this its very calming
Great but One thing I love this app. It is amazing, mg only problem With the calibration. when I had a smaller Phone that have a pen I had to use my finger Which was fine for the shaping usually but so hard when painting and such. And now my phone has a pen but I Still find it hard to Paint properly because it doesn't Paint where I tell it to but a little higher and if we could fix that I think this app Would be darn near perfect
Great game I loved it but it could be a bit cheer as it cost me 5 AND ON MY SISTERS PHONE IT COSTS 4 Love it
Great game so far Loved everything about it the colors how you can make the shapes of your pots. You can get really creative with this game. I haven't tried everything out yet but so far I love this game.
Most definitely worth the 5 bucks This game has 100 totally exceeded my expectations. I was unaware that a virtual pottery wheel would be this fun and exciting. Totally original kind of game. Its a must download
Fist game I've actually purchased Usually in a game or app with a lite version, I feel no need to go any further and purchase the whole version. This game is easy, fun, beautiful, and pretty zen. I love doing this during breaks, during commercials, and when I just need to chill out and lower some of my stress. It's also pretty kid friendly. I'm interested to see what else they come out with.
Love love love First app I liked enough to buy full version of. Very addictive. Creative, easy, different. The lite version is just enough to tease you, but the full version is awesome. Buy the full version, its worth it.
Lets Create Pottery Excellent app. Wonderfully time consuming and pushes ones creativity.At one point I had approx. 180 pots displayed in the portal. I no longer show my pots as time does not allow me to comment on pots that others have done and who would send me comments about mine. They deserved some time from me too. I still play LCP daily but for my personal enjoyment only.Thanks for such a fine app. The creators have done an excellent job.
My Passion for Art has been reignited It's extremely rare to find an app worth paying for because I get bored with them so easily but the fact that I can turn something fun into something tangible is amazing I love art but I've been having artist's block for some time. This app has reignited my passion and creativity. Thank you
So awesome Love this game Very relaxing and fun and the kids like it too but you kniw what would be cool is if we could actually pay to get our pieces made in real life I mean id pay a couple hundred for the right piece ooooh And then we could get a commission if someone ordered our ideas That would be tops
Let's Create Pottery Love this app. So easy to use. Lets me use my imagination create beautiful pottery. Very relaxing.
So creative and fun Yes, there are in app purchases, but they aren't bad, and in fact i wish they would get some new decorations. Japan could definitely be expanded, as could several others. It's a really fun game, safe for kids, fun for adults. Entertaining, creative, beautiful Please make more like this
AMAZING Elegant interface, usable and easy, limitless. I love using this as a creative escape from stressful environments. Very fun and sometimes challenging.
What a waste of time I have been addicted to this since my daughter found it and showed me. It wasn't long before I had bought the full product and still play it now. What a blissful waste of time
A great way to be creative. Are your eyes tweaking out because of too much book study Are you feeling bored or   stuck in the blues  Well this is a great way to remedy this. Raise your own selfesteem and feelings of worth, by creating something that you can share with others and make them smile all the while being an inspiration to them Don't get stuck in a rut, let your creativity flow with Let's Create Pottery
Want to uninstall the in app purchaces Love the game. The game won't let me get my money back from the in app purchases trying to uninstall them I still love the game but I still want my money back or a least want to be able to uninstall the in app purchases. The big pack made me have an unusable  amount of money the price needs to be 2.99 not 2.79. Thanks for the app
very satisfied Great messfree creative outlet. Even after the missions end, this app has great value if you like being creative and artistic.  I especially enjoyed working toward selling my pieces for the highest possible amount. Great app If you are interested in it, it's worth the 5. If you are on the fence, try the free very limited app first. 
