Best weather app I've ever used I had this app on my old phone and it was one of the first i downloaded on my new one. Its small so it doesn't take up a lot of memory and it loads quickly, even in low signal areas. It's great for when you need a quick weather update while you're out and about.
Radar Express Installed quite some time ago after reading nothing but great reviews.  Just now rating, I think it's great gives me accurate radar images up to date and weather forecast
My Go To Weather App This is the app I use to view radar, read NOAA forecast, and keep current on hazardous weather alerts. If it linked to the GOES infrared and water vapor loops, I would be in forecast heaven.
HTCM8 Awesome app thanks guys....we build highways and it's very important to know when bad weather is coming it's very detailed and very easy to see all at a touch of a finger BAM....I know where the rain is and about how long we got to get equipment parked...
Great app you can see real time weather anywhere. I use it all the time and know, with certainty, when bad weather is going to be striking my area. That's priceless
GREAT Feels JUST like you have your own personal meteorologist on your device. And it's accurate. Like to get wet If so, then dont download this app. Only wish it included temperature and wind chill values.
Weather patterns for the United States. Tracking nuclear storm effects from Japan reactor mishap.  Since the last time I rated this app, I'm still impressed with the accuracy of the notifications.  Especially making sure my family  associates are safe for any travels they plan for.
Works well, Does exactly what I wanted. Cannot trust the weather men in my area. There is no lying when it comes to radar.
M Carlton Most acurate app I have used. It has helped me avoid approaching storms while traveling.
TX storms Downloaded it on 42615 as storms rolled through Texas. It works great. Very accurate, more than TWC for sure. Was keeping updates on 3 different locations and it really helped. And it's FREE
Great app This is one application I won't live with out I got to have it when I get a new phone I'm able to time the rain as it comes in and be in shelters be for it gets to me great app
Great radar I'm a truck driver and in my world simple is good. I was using Radar Now but it was way too complicated. Express is all I need. Tells me what I need to know without all the extra B.S. that I never use.
Awesome When working outside like I do and trying to finish a project this app will show your location and show approaching storms if any, accurate everytime.
The app gives me the most important information about the weather in a timely manner. I also like the way the radar shows an excellent view of weather for my area plus any hazardous weather conditions that will be coming to my geographical area.
Awesome App Had Memorial Day flood in May. Drought thru Summer months. Fire in October and Halloween Flood in same month. Hard year but Great App
Only weather app you need really and only 5 to7 min. delay from realtime as opposed to an hour on one i had before
Great app For someone who generally hates Droid phones, this app is for sure the exception  Minimal adds and great interface make this one the best weather radarforecast combo I have seen.
I am a truck driver and this is the best program, I have came across. As a own operator, you need something reliable try it you see it before the news today you about it
so awesome cnt believe it's FREE the radar is soo huge you can see the whole country and scroll over keywest and see parts of mexico its FREE best radar app ever it shows you severe weather alers too, so amazing.
Great app I use whenever I go out to the lake on my boat. Weather man said rain and thunderstorms.  I looked on my radar and saw it was no where near lake and had a great day on the water with sun and no rain
Easy to use pretty good Love the app. Radar is accurate and up to date.
Best choice for low memory phones I sell cellular phones and recommend this app to all my customers who buy lower value phones which generally have lower memory. Loads quickly and is not overburdened by memory sucking graphics. Yet a high quality and very informative application all around and your add's don't interfere with visibility or performance, thank you
Compared to the others AccuWeather and the weather channel are big names but just have way to much junk I don't care about I want a simple weather app that gives me the quick and accurate and this app does just that.
The perfect weather app Instant access to current local temperature and weather conditions with a radar map. One button access to the National Weather Service 10day forecast, radar loop, and NOAA weather hazard warnings. All I need in one simple app.
Does exactly what I need When I want a radar map this app provides it. Quickly, no fuss, and with up to date data. The interface is obvious, and I've never experienced a crash.
NOAA Radar App Truly a great app, especially for tracking storms as they blow in and blow out. Great for highway safety and very simple in its design. Thank you I'm not super hi tech, but I LOVE this app
Works very well When I just want to do a quick check for approaching storms, this app did it. ...quickly.
Best Weather App This weather app is the best  One thing that it needs is that you add a warning sound to the app when ever the NWS sends out a severe warning Maybe a Radar Express Pro to get rid of the ads and a warning alarm for severe weather Thanks for such a great app
