One of the best games I've played Worth every penny. I haven't messed with dlc yet tho.  I love how it has little fun facts about special operations in the loading screens.
Not a fan of the IAPs. Amazing game otherwise I believe that a game should either be free with IAPs OR paid without IAPs. I'm not a fan of the paytowin trend in video gaming these days. Having said that, this is a great game. If you're a fan of strategy games which reward tactical thinking then you owe it to yourself to get Breach  Clear
Great entertainment This is a good game of turn based attacks. Too much fun haha. Some stuff costs money but the rest is free. The stuff is cheap though and I'd say worth a few in game bucks to keep it going. no issues yet. Only thing I wish that there were more of, is the missions Make more 
This is probably the best money I have spent. Buying other apps hasn't been very satisfying. This is different. It combines strategy with shooting terrorists. You can only really find this in PC games. In conclusion, an amazing app with realism and tactics included. Though I wish there was some form of reminder to name your team. I keep accidentally having them named the default.this in no way downgrades my view on this game
Perfection Bought it when it first came out and replayed it ALOT of times haha shame no more updates or extra maps are out deal shame
IAP Fix First off great game. Second to fix in app purchases not working go to the settings which is in the top right of the screen and tap restore purchases if it doesn't work wait a little bit and try again.
Be cautious with purchases. But do play The game is extreamly entertaining, however when purchasing in game credits, it charged my account but didn't give me the inapp credits. A quick email to their support, they gave a full refund. Took a week to receive a response however, but were understanding and polite, they also advised using a stable connection before making a purchase, I.e. A wifi connection of a decent speed.
Great Game So I just bought this and I have to say, it's pretty enjoyable. Though I did buy the Spetznas pack and still haven't received it. 
