Wheel of Fortune A replica of Wheel of Fortune, if you like the TV game  you will love this.  There are extra competition incentives and surprise rewards for various accomplishments.  Wow, there are power busters to buy an you can get a letter, or forgiveness for landing on bankruptlose turn,  and get 3 times the amount on the wheel.
Family FUN When my mom got me addicted I loved it now I play with her and try to get my friends and family addicted LOL so much fun PLZ give it a try PLZZZZZZ. Thanks here's my Youtube name.     Jaydizzy Gonzalez
Bomb Doggity Dog Game For Sure This game is as addicting as a victoria secret catalog is for a boy going through puberty.  If you're looking for a challenge and a little stimulation of the old brain, then this is the game for you
PHRASE WHEEL OMG  PHRASE WHEEL IS BACK AND BETTER THAN EVER.AS YOU SEE, IF YOU'VE ALREADY NOTICED THAT THERE IS WHERE YOU CAN PLAY AGAINST YOUR FRIENDSON FACEBOOK.
So Much Fun This game is so much fun. At first I wasn't sure cut it took so long but once you have lots of games going at the same time, it's really cool. You always have a turn waiting and it's a great time killer.
Lovin' This Game, BITCHES Game has all kinds of topicssubjects to choose from, which is a major    honestly, it will keep ur interest...at no point have I been bored, twiddlin' my thumbs 2 non twiddlin' thumbs up  o
So much fun. If you like Wheel of Fortune, this the game for you.  You can play a seemingly endless amount of players 24 hous a day. Too much fun.
Love it Hubby and I play together and we kick butt plus we're spending time with each other having fun. How do u not love that
Good phrases Not too easy.  I like that.  Easy to learn.  Can play a ton of people at once so waiting isn't an issue.  I like this one a lot.
Phrase Wheel Fun Enjoying the categories very much...I play against the cpu since I'm somewhat of a hermit, lol  I do have 1 very strong suggestion...it would be awesome to have the TV shows broken into decades as the music is.  Please consider that as an update for the near future.
Well worth paying to get rid of the ads Love the game. Hated the ads. Too many of them had sound  I couldn't get them to always be muted. I went ahead and paid the two bucks.  Now it's perfect.
I had some technical problems after last update, I wrote them and after a small delay it was fixed. For me this is the best game out there. So much fun AND NO NEED TO SPEND MONEY on power ups etc. Just a great game, you can work on achievements and play multi games if you want. Try it.
Better than hangman Great categories and no strange spelling errors. Spinning is exciting  hoping not to bust or lose your turn. Fun reward system, like saving up gems for awesome categories. Only possible downside is waiting in queue for random opponents.. because more people should play this
