Nice The game is very interesting.. one would be late to work because of this game the only annoying thing is this ads that keep on coming on.   I love it
Excellent app It is simple but perfect, this app teaches you how to park with any easy or hard mean of transportation. It is one of the greatest simulator apps I've ever seen.
ITS A GREAT GAME Its a great game and it kind of teachs you how to drive  under pressure.
It's great I love it I usually crashed but that's all but most of all its a cool game and I've only just got it today just after school.
Parking Its a great game but if u have a slower phone it won't let u press start .
AWESOME Being a Bus Operator myself, I found this game quite intriguing.. Wish there were more levels though. I am now parking the Tractor Trailers Think I'll  need my brother for this one.            20 minutes later There are more levels. You have to pay for them. Lets just say my wallet 1.30 less..
Loved it The levels can be hard but it is fun and sometimes I crash on purpose
Lovely game It's so amazing you could do amazing things i love this game so much
Omg This game is so addicting it is like it is teaching me how to driveO O   
Good It is so good because I have bmw x6 and a bmw 3 series
A nice game for those who do not know driving
Loved it I have never played such game
Great game This game is awesome in so many  ways
Epic If I could pick one game this would be it.
Wow It's interesting much better than other games
Like this game I will play every time
I am drived to game so wonderful
Osama app In this game u nw hw to park car vvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeerrrrrryyyyyy ggggggggooooooooooooodddddddd game lthis game
Wow You should must play
good game ever see b4
Best game ever played Good game. Not played such a good game ever
Awesome I just cant stop playing it
Super I give 5 star
W The best game
Best game ever played
I loved it I really l liked it i think it should be one of the number 1 games
Its a good game Its alright
Awsm Nice
Awsome Best game but myphone still scraches
Awsome OK
good Rate for itself
