Awsome It is so much fun don't listen to all those guys who talk crap it is awsome 
Best in the whole Henry Stickman series Can you make something like Gunman Henry where Henry helps the SWAT Team or something track down a villain Great adventure.
Love all henry games I love all your game I even love breaking the bank , escaping the prison , and air ship . I don't care about Adobe air ... because I all ready had it.
BEAST MODE  Don't worry about people who talk crap this game is amazing the only annoying part is adobe air but that's not a problem loved this game and totally not A waste of money thank you puffballs united and stickpage
D This game is very fun, it has Inside jokesreferences to other games, has multiple endings and has very fun gameplay. Just like the PC version, but on the go. Only downside is installing Adobe Air, but that's not a big deal. If you can't update Adobe Air, it might be time to get a new phone or tablet. I can't wait for Breaking the bank on Android
It is great so fun............ I love it so fun I love just how it sssssoooooo fun.....
Great I really loved how took time and effort to make such a creative game. I also love how they involved memes and things from video games.
So fun I played it on the website and got bored fast but always come back to play it sometimes... I don't have internet Then the app came out
Good game Also if u like this one, get the rest of the series.
Best Game Ever The best ending is the epic one. The best achievement is... well, I am not going to say it or else I am going to give it away. But great game anyways
Absolute crap Don't waste your money
It is awsome It is my favorite out of all four stickmans awsome amazing love it thanks puffballs
Awesome It is a great story and it's fun to play over and over with funny little cutscenes every time you fail
Super 5 stars Mad undetected and EPIC way
OMG I loved this game Everyone should buy it It's worth I think 59p
Great Great game but gotta add more or make it free because once you do it its not that fun
Awsom I love it so much it's hard t describe. It's so awsom
