Great app There are only a few things that could improved this truly very solid app, one would be to be able to move the drums around to make your own setup. Another thing would be to be able to choose different skins for the  drums. Even if there was just an option to remove the names off the drums that would be cool. This app sounds great,works very well. Option to play along with songs is stellar. Well worth 2 for ad free version. My new favorite app,I would pay for addons if available.
Suggestion I've been using this about for  long  time,  and don't have any problem on my phone  good  for me, i have some suggestion, please put some skin on the drum head were i can pick, and more cymbals to change,, i really love  this app. i play drums  and  i  want this  app. more  cooler
I liked it But can you add some different changes like we can play in the examples the music that we want so that we can play them in the drum like in the examples but i will 5star it
Please add support for Bluetooth Controller I wish we could use bluetooth controller and map buttons to all keys. To play it much better. Reminds me of homebrew app on psp called rockstation
This app is very good , but it still need an upgrade on the feedback of the drums , its like playing drums very slowly
What who is telling that this is a bad game I will slap you this game is unfortunately very good easy to use but some of these app's are FAKE
Real good Drum digital ini keren banget, bukan sekedar mainan, tp bisa buat real
I thank you should alis give it a nothe thriy sorry my sis toke my phone what I thank you should not give it a nothe because when my litter bub was playing on it he didn't like it and he like's everythang so don't give it another thriy
Really good I've been looking for a app like this for my daughter and it works 
Best of the best Great efforts. Always update. Awesome drum.
Simply great Its a great app.. even though I don't understand anything.. hehe
Nice... Really it is a very nice and enjoyable.Thanks for this amazing application.
Rhythm upgraded Because of this game my mind can go join in the beats every music that I listen everyday and I love it Thank you for making this game
Very Awesome My son loved it and now he can kill time
Awsome app This is an awsome app. Those who are saying delay and lag, it is because of your device. my xperia z2 has delay, but there is no delay on my friends' moto x and galaxy s6 edge.
Best drumer ever I love it sometimes and then it gets booring but i mostly like it
Nice App Really love the whole thing. Quite detailed
great app Those who don't like this they don't know the meaning of this app
Love it but I love it but one thing you could do is give us instructions on how to drum because I don't now how to drum.
Love it So easy to do what I like to do is just sit down and play with it...Also love if
Amazing Now every time I open it, It's fine for a minute and then it stops making noise
Love it When i first open the game ai toot its not good but now I love it ai know how to drums love it
