It helps you learn a lot of things you didn't know. If u want answers search on YouTube 94 answers for level 
Seriously I find this soooo interesting Loving this. Awesome way to waste some time.. xoxo
Not too bad Starts out frustrating then all of a sudden you want to kick its a Goes from a game to a mission
Great game I don't know what the comments are about it not working, it works perfectly for me. It's a very addictive and fun app. Keeps me entertainer for hours. My one and only complaint is that there should be more levels added when you add levels  other than that I love it. Keep it up            Edit Batman and Superman are not Marvel superheroes... They are DC... Just so you know...
Love this game, really makes you think and it's fun to get other people involved as well. I love sitting down with my boyfriend and laughing at the silly things we didn't think of
Genial Ajuda a exercitar a memria, alm de ser uma tima forma de matar o tempo. Recomendo
In our family this game is attributed 30 minutes everyday. Also enhances brains and bonds. Thank you SCIMOB.
Addicting Very fun game I get frustrated but it's a good frustrated haha Download and enjoy 
Love it This game is pretty cool I love how they combined similar answers into one category... Good stuff
Great game Good game with fair rules, really good if you're bored and want to work your brain a little
94 Am glad new categories have been added.  I love this game.
This Is Great. This Is A Very Good Game I Really Enjoy It. And No Problems Seem To Be Happened.
Great game You can use it as the perfect time killer, to have lots of fun with friends, or on the go I'd recommend it to anyone looking to download a simple game onto their device 
Fun game Makes your brain work and you learn stuff u never knew about
Awesome But hard, challenging, can't get enough, wait for more levels
Great game so much fun and challenging which is refreshing when you're smart. This game is a trivia but not quite. You have a category and must determine the most popular things from that category.
Addictive Loving it I have to cheat sometimes though...
Fun Good way to waste time.
Jet pack joy ride is better just did it for the coinsgt
Mind boggling Two thumbs up
Its very fun and it makes you really think outside the box
So far so good  Great job for the maker of this .
