Without buying upgrades,Its a great top down racer. Nice game,good graphics and fun
Review The Gameplay is awesome,The Multiplayer Mode is smooth,NotPay to win And The Graphic is nice too, as racing as Android can get
 A Mataeus Review  Stunning. NOT pay to win, amazing textures, runs smooth as butter. Great smooth multiplayer, great fun racing over different circuits, and the controls are superbly responsive with the default setup. A fantastic racing game, reminiscent of Skid Marks or the Racing Destruction Set. For those of you responding to the purchasing bug It's been fixed 
Cant Touch This. Best mini racer I have played ever. Love the looks of everything. So smoothe. Controls are simplistic and responsive. Love this game. Was questioning on buying it. Very happy I did. Can't put it down. Only one thing I can ask for..... Some more awesone rides to uprgade and play with. Tons to start with. Just would like to see some more Classic and Rat Rod cars. Trucks too  
Good game Nice game I love to drift Lol, and the graphics is good enough, beautiful, really smooth, good game
This is a very simple and fun game with incredible controls. I am very pesky about touch controls in games, I generally dislike virtual pads because of missed inputs. This one uses a wheel which is very straightforward and it is implemented in a way in which I don't have to be constantly looking where my fingers are.
It is a lot morw better than MiniMotorWRT Because this one can be played off line and this is the Original. But please. Please make another tournamnets 
Muy bueno... Esta genial para quemar el tiempo, los controles estn bien. Me recuerda a micro machines de Nintendo 64
Great game No complains. It even works with my 10 mini Keychain gamepad from China.
Addicted game Superb game...graphics are awesome..
Ive played this game since second grade, I still think its flawless
Brilliant Probably the most awesome, highly detailed, addictive and fun racing game on the Google Play store. Loads of maps and cars available. Highly recommended.
Awesome  This is ton of fun With high graphic and and very nice game play , Totally Awesome
Texture problems and update compute version to tablet All the tracks are glitching there textures the roads are disappearing when I enter a track please help me. One more thing can you add the computer version tracks and cars to the android devices as an update and maybe a death space track and car.
Best game so far... The controls are a quick learn and the graphics delightful. ..note 4 its a go
