IT is awesome This is one of my favourite Henry stickman games and its good i like toppat clan with the right hand man and this is the one with the most endings and the detail in the picture is so good of toppat clan at the start i loved it and i play it over again cause its so amazing.  Another thing is that when you choose charles its so funny.  Da da da da da da da da da da DA
This is one of the awesome is getting the little type but there's only one problem all the time when they enter every 10 minutes it's just trolling
Gotta love it Hilarious and fun So many epic options to choose from Gotta love the creativity of this game Only con is that it can only be played once. There's a small bug though where the option is leap but stated magic pencil instead. Love the henry stickman series It gets better and better and I hope to see more of the series
STOP BEING TIGHT A S AND BUY THESE GAMES Highly rate and recommend..... runs smooth as silk on s3 mini and archos titanium 80....
It's beast with the armor I love it it's so fun even if u play it more than 20 times
There's a bug When I'm trying to get to the vault I hit leap and it says magic pencil
This is the last game with  Henrry stickman I would  love  to  see another  game with Hennry stickman can you make a 5th  one pleace
Great game Lots of options to take. And 5 stars because of a civilization 5 reference Lol
Love it It's a good game I love it but it could be better
It's unique I love this game because it has silly choices like the sticky hand and it has a lot of video game references
Make fleeing the complex out They have a 5th game called fleeing the complex out and it's not for android plz add it
Awesome Best game ever and also do fleeing the complex on iOS and android
Perfect. 100 Stars if I could 1000000 out of 10
Funny and entertaining pls make more games like this. PLSS
Its just as fun as the online game They have to make another game in the Henry Stickman series
Loved it PEOPLE it can't be updated it originally came out on PC
Just Plain Love it Nothing else to say about this game for being to awesome
badass I love it the creator should make more of the Henry Stickman series.
I love the Henry stickman seires and it is so entertaining. Make more about Henry stickman  D
So much fun but ... When i click leap it said i clicked magic pencil
Funny it if so fxcking cool cant stop laughing at beef up
EPIC you should also get steal the Dimond and escape the prison.they are one of the best stick man games ever.
Cool game I love henry stickman games steal the diamond etc
Awesomeness Awesomeness and when are you putting Fleeing the Complex on
Funny and good game I like it sooooo much good one
Awesome Whole new story but it is very long if you try to get every fail
It's amazing So much fun silly options
Will there be a fleeing the complex Will fleeing the complex will be on the ios and the android i just wondering will it happen but i do like game
HL3 CONFIRMED. Great game as usual. Love how you snuck that HalfLife 3 ref near the end.
So funny I enjoy this game every time I play it
1010 This is a pretty good game. There is a lot of content. Plus there are many great references.
