Really great game Tends to crash after 10 barcodes have been scanned. That can be really annoying. My other wishes are 1 Being able to give the mercenary better armor or weapons from my inventory. 2 Longer quests at the library with better rewards gold chests. 3 Rewards on the Library Collection screen for defeating large numbers of individual monsters.
Fun game. It would be nice to be able to equip mercenary. Plz make the skill recharge faster when using 2x speed. Update cloud save would be nice. I would pay for it through an upgradeoption. Don't wanna have to lose errythang when I upgrade my phone.
Love it Aside from it distracted me from cleaning because i hunted for more barcodes in the mess rather than trashed things xDD its great no issues so far i am a tad addicted
I would like to see a system implemented so that you could 'grind' 10 weaponsarmorhelmets of a certain rarity to get a random one of a higher rarity, like a seperate tier of the forges for the blacksmiths. It would make grinding for better items interesting, and the game itself more captivating. Other than that, this game is swell, and the developers are a talented bunch.
Love it It's very entertaining and highly addictive. Deff recommend to RPG plays who like to customize then sit back and watch your sprite achieve all you knew it could
Great pass time I don't mind going to the store with the wife anymore lol
Great game...could use some story or quests to get special gear....js
Addictive A lot of fun, reminds me of my old Barcode Battler.
Good game. Could play for hours, and i have been xD
Great Didn't know what to think about the game at first, I remember something like this growing up and am happy to see this kind of adaptation to the game. Worth playing and glad to know that there are so many items in the game lol KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK LADIES AND GENTS
Kool It would be nice to support qrcodes and more types of barcodes
Like it Enjoyable way to pass a day of retail work
Small issue It seems to either force close or just stop running in general. Any ideas why
Fun Game There are micro transactions within the game, but they aren't necessary to be successful whatsoever. Enjoy it a lot 
Great This game is a time thief Superb.
I've never played a game quite like this I was unsure at first when I bought this game technically google rewards paid for it but I've been hooked on it Good job Can't wait for newer updates
such a fun game  weapons need to be balanced though, swords are too overpowered, staves don't do enough damage for how slow they are, and bows are just pathetic. the game also likes to crash after 10 or so scans.
  711  
Fun little game to waste time at the grocery store.
great game i have funny with any barcode in reallife
probably the best game on the app store
Addicting Really enjoyable and uniquely executed concept
Good
Deym son  It would be nice if there are some few updates, new village or something, daily event battles, no time limit with the items stores in the shop, we can upgrade many items in one store and etc.
