Haha fun This game is wonderful and awesome especially when you get past lvl10 and get a chicken Tasks are very helpful to keep the ninjas on track too Very addicting. PLEASE FIX it dosent work at all on my asus memo pad 7 k013 it used to work when I had it before and it still says it supports x86 devices. Please fix this wonderful game.
AWSOME GAME I love it its funny and fun. And hey NinjaRobyn your right the new update nade the shiny suits terrible I loved them but until now
Frank adam I love this game because its like you have your own son that needs to be train  But my suggestion in next update let the ninja fight some boses or enemy.
The boom Is the best game you can see it's like talking tom but better with a ninja and you can use all different kinds of gadgets and train him to be a better ninja so that is why I gave it five stars I hope you will too because I want them to make more games like this cuz its so fun I want this industry to make more games and have more fun making the game so that we can play them
Fun This game is VERY addictive and sooooo fun a true master piece. I love how u treat the ninja like your own clumsy son
Best game ever Guys stop saying its a bad game they are trying there best to continue the story and the game. plus some people are saying that the ninja is too clumsy because first thing you have yo train him to be a great ninja. i love this game.whats the matter with some of you.you are mad about the new version its not bad.
Amazing I love this game it's absolutely amazing So much fun and so easy the new moves he learns are so great and the chicken is very helpful. I have zero bad things to say Love it so much 
PROBLEM UPDATE THE BELOW REVIEW WAS TRUE UNTILL LAST UPDATENOW THE FPS IS FAR TO SLOW ,THIS AFFECTS NOT JUST THE CHARACTER HIMSELF BUT ALL ASPECTS OF THE GAME          CN is such a wonderful chap, he trains hard and even when you throw him around and treat  him bad all he ever want in return is a 'high five'or 10,15 or even 20 and as items in shop are reasonably priced, treat him well also put him to bed each nightWe all need are sleep
Love love love it I love the way you can throw him, spin him and train him. AWSOME
Clumsy. Ninja Cool. Ninjas. Of. World. Of. The. Best of. All.  Boom.  Like. It.  Boom. Boom. Best. Of. All. Like it. It. So. So so. Cool
Great but lagging recently This game is absolutely awesome You get to train your ninja and play games with it.Highly recommendable, I even lost my progress to have it be backed up by the servers nd luckily only lost 2 levels but they were easy to get back.This is so much fun and great to play when bored
Awsome Im good at it its real easy and its really like if you just began ninja training in real life i wish i was in the game beacuse i want to be a ninja and i want to kick some evil ninja butt cuz im bored its really the best app ever though try it out and trust me you will like it but it has some lagg to it so be careful
Never get bored again I really enjoyed the number one of clumsy ninja and this made my day even more awesome
Fun and relaxing game One of those games that can just make you laugh.  I recommend it
