Love It Fun way to use brain and pass time. Great by yourself or with friends. Love this game Can become addictive.
Riddles r my favorite It's toooooooo tough and mind scratching so I loved it toooooooo much so please please please please please download it you'll have fun with it and thanks for making this game and I can say this much only other u should only tell after downloading it...........     
Funtabulous It's a very fun and educated game that challenges the mind and brain to think beyond its expectations... I love this game so much
Amazing. Amazingly fun game that involves thinking outside of the box. Great for people who are on the go a lot. or get bored of things easily and need something to tease them. Well worth the download.
Awesome Frustrating and fun,  will keep you guessing.
Addiction I love this game it is so fun and it challenges your brain a little bit get this game it is AMAZING 
Best riddle game I liked it also has very difficult riddles that u might think they don't make sense but if u use ur brain u will find it easy
Extremely enjoyable If you're in to puzzles or want to test your friends around with some difficult riddles yet enjoyable, I recommend this one
Great for inquisitive minds Are you a fan of riddles Or maybe just a fan of Edward Nygma Well, this game has all the fun of using your brain power to solve conundrums. They have many different categories with different levels of difficulty. which provides for hours of fun
So far and keep in mind... I have just started playing with this app, it seems to be working fine. Questions range from real easy to harder. Good mix. Hope nothing major changes. Keep up the great questions.
Brain twister I love this game because it's a challenge you get three different categories and in the categories some of the riddles or rhymes are one liners they get tough but if you read them very good you can figure it out I love this game because I feel it's good for my brain
Get this app I had a great time with this app, it tests your mental knowledge and ability, I mostly enjoyed the rhyme ones because they are lots of fun to figure out and u always feel good when u finally figure it out.
Cool I saw some people say something about ads. The game is free, so I expect them. You can also watch things to get a hint. If you absolutely hate ads.... This is not the game for you. If you don't mind... It's got good riddles Exercise your brain I am enjoying it And you can play with older kids. Family Time
Love it Wow some of them are actually really challenging but a lot I know in literally a SECOND I am 11 by the way the riddle master lol
Good game I have always loved these types of games. For the simple reason if I ever get stumped on a puzzle I exit the game go take a breather for a min, and come back an I have finally figured it out sometimes not for a couple of days. Lmfao on another note I would like to see more sections of puzzles tho maybe a movie trivial type of sections. That would be awesome I've watched a lot of movies lol thanks for taking time to read this.
Super fun Played this game in the car with my family once it was a really fun way to pass the time so I downloaded it on my phone. It has crashed a couple of times which could be that my phone is old not sure but I enjoy this game alot
