Excellent. I've been playing the ad supported version for a while. The ads weren't too bad but it drained my battery. Finally decided to spend the cash and it was worth every penny. Smooth, nice style, works very well.
Worth getting over the free app No annoying and unskipable ads and videos.  Same fun game.  It's a no brainer
Great Freecell Game No ads, just a well designed card game without annoying disturbances. Recommended.
Best I've seen I've tried many versions and this plays as well as Web versions I've written myself.
I am not an addict. I am not an addict. Losing the ads is an excellent move. Now, back to the game...
Lots of fun A good, simple, freecell game for when you have a few minutes to kill.
FreeCell No Adds Great game well worth the money.
Ad Free Used another app funded by ads. Very annoying ads. App works smoothly and no issues so far.
PC, Notebook, or cell phone This app works great on my Galaxy Note, HP tablet, or my PC. Two thumbs up
Addictive and challenging ..wthout being impossible. Nice graphics and good performance.
Works well Having no ads was worth the cost.
One of the best versions of this game I have played for ages, love the graphics and the scoring system
Love it Does exactly what I want with no ads
Great Once you get the hang of it, lots of fun and challenging.
Great for Nexus 6 UPDATE That fixed it... now I can't stop playing.  It's more challenging than other Freecell apps I've tried, and I like that I can customize the backdrop too.  I'm a man of my word... I now give this app my highest rating.
Freecell Good design for a phone screen, cards are easy to see and the auto play is fast and intuitive.
FreeCell Love this game Can play for hours...
I like this game a lot Like the feel, stats, all of it.
Great game Overall great version of free cell
Free cell I really enjoy the challenge.
The Best Clean, attractive, addictive.  Love. It.
About as close to perfect as one can get.
Hours of enjoyment I love this game, it's very challenging.. I highly recommend downloading..
   ,   
I can quit anytime No, really.
Jos A. 301015...pv...''...thank's...
Freecell  by brainioum 500 consecutive wins 100what a challenge this game totally rocks
Divertido Un juego entretenido e interesante.
I really enjoy this game . No adverts, and works consistently well.
Keeps me thinking. Anytime I'm having a bad day. Freecell picks me up . Best time was 25 seconds . Beat that world
Best Game Ever Very well developed. No flaws. Works amazing. Totally worth the money
Great game, but it's addictive.  Hard to stop once you start.
Love this game The only drawback I have is that it only has 500 in it. I hope they expand with future updates.
This one is worth buying I'm a Free cell addict and this one is by far the best
Best Free cell version i have played
