I've relied on this app for over a year now and couldn't live without it. With each update it gets even better
Perfect Simple to use and I love the widget choices
Does everything I need it to do
Yay
Great, flexible, easy to use And I love the beautiful Christmas theme
Very useful Nice and simple, and comes in handy on a regular basis. Keep it on my main screen because I get that much use out of it.
Great app Even able to put items in the order I go thru the store. Sync is a nice feature I can add items from my tablet.
Top marks Love this app does everything I want to do.  Would be neat to have a choice of more back grounds
Really useful I add items on my tablet then it automatically syncs to my phone. Awesome. So handy
Very good and easy to use I use it every day not only for supermarket shopping but for my precipitation tablets and dressings, and for ordering garden seeds.
Easy to use. This is so handy and easy to use. I'm sure it does even more than I've discovered
Best shopping list app
Excellent  app
Great Great app for making various shopping lists
Love this app Used others and this is by far the BEST
Good, but icon... Bought it to show how much I like programmer's work but PLEASE design nicer icon... Solved by stealing icon from another Shopping List APP. BTW Listonic is also very good with equaly hopeless icon...
Works Perfectly This is the second shopping list app I bought. The first one stopped working when I went Pro with it... this one works perfectly, and is even slightly easier to manage Thanks for a wonderful product
Excellent and Simple Nice updates. Easy to use and configure. Like the fact that recurring items on lists can be long pressed and they are red lined and bumped to the bottom of the list and  long pressed again to resume without having to retype. Could use more themesfonts for more legibility though.
Shopping list Simple, easy, perfect
Samsung Galaxy Tab3 Excellent app
Great version Perfect Shopping App Daily use of this application has streamlined my shopping and especially made grocery shopping much faster. There are additional useful features which support resource time, money, energy management. Highly recommended by this senior 70 smartphone user
Great app for shopping I love this app  use it every week to go shopping. I've also used it to make my list to pack for trips. Things I love about this appc are that I can sort any way that I want  it remembers my items  prices so I don't have to I tried 4 or 5 other list apps  it's no contest Get this one
Very helpful Do my shopping every week using this app.
Excellent Product I uses this program, every day to help remember items when shopping.
No problems so far.  It does what I wanted and expected it to do.
Wow This app is awesome for a collector as myself. I create a todo list or add cards I'm looking for. Very easy to use
GREAT APP Really easy to use. Great for what I wanted to use it for.
Nice
Good Works very good
So easy to use and now I never forget an item
Shopping List Pro I LOVE it  I not only use it for groceries, but also for my husband's medications, list of his allergies, and a list of my allergies.  I HIGHLY recommend it
