da best I have a car pack idea u guys should add a civilians car pack with some cars that aren't yet added like the smart car snow plow small bulldozer and the normal truck not like the Sasquatch it would be awesome if people could make levels themselves if your still reading thanks and I hope u respect my idea
Beast mode I don't have to buy it so steam is not a good option
Please add more I personally love this game, however I really wish you guys would  A Add more vehicles and levels BAllow us to make our own levels because there isn't enough of these. Other than that, I still get a great laugh out of this
It's a good game but it would be cool if you can add a map creater I'm getting tired of playing the same map again and again so can you add it
More then loved it The game is Awesome things are cool Updates makes the game more funnier and awesome keep up the good work
The best game ever The game is super fun by crashing or other fun stuff but mostly the game is about breaking his bones it might  this might sound cruel  but I'm sure when you will play this game you will like it just like me.
Best game with destruction If you love destroying things in video games like me then this game has a variety from many vehicles to lots of levels its an awesome game
Great game on the go Brought back fond memories of games like Burnout crash mode and of course the original Stair and Truck Dismount games on PC. Perfect for mobile gaming. Bought the premium content and have no regrets
The best Omg I love it like I keep getting hurt and it funny lol I'm so stupid but it's good
Shockingly Addictive Even without any paid mapsvehicle packs, I still find this game entertaining after many months of dismount shenanigans. Nothing cures boredom quite like smashing a ragdoll man to tiny bits.
Only one reason i like this game and played it... JACKSEPTICEYE, when i watched jacksepticeye play this he made me laugh so much so i tried this game out and it is fantastic
Love it But it would be better if u could create your own level I mean like environment obstacles .roads and everything in custom levels aka custom mod
Awesome game I love this game so much.  Please produce more vehicles and faster to make it more fun But one thing I don't really like is when you manually steer it is forced to do it in one way. Please add an option th change the steering style and make it so you can control your speed in steering mode
People, download this cool game now I love it , for the next update, give us workshop maps icon and more maps
AWESOME  The game is hilarious, but you only get about 5 vehicles and the rest you have to pay for You get about 8 levels
Awesome game Very funny, impressive, and awesome I've played Stair Dismount app and Truck Dismount, and this is the best one. I can see lots of time put into this project I got Premium, and it's worth it    P.S. The only reason why you buy stuff is to support the developers There are only 3 developers working on this game, it was hard to make this game I can imagine. And also, I don't work for secret exit xD
Awesome physics game but... Pls make the new vehicles and maps FREE I would like that.Other than that,loved this game
Love butt Why Why there gotta be so little cars and you have to buy the other cars how come you cant make the game have coins to buy a car.
More stuff More vehicles are added keep going  but no levels, characters or obstacles... More of those and more frequently Two in one Nothing since the LeDorean which was ages ago... No problems with the game though
BEST GAME EVER, but one problem I love this game to death but I have one problem, could you add tilt controls to this game cause I can't steer well with the little steering wheel, otherwise Amazing game
Awesome,best dismounting game ever This game is the best,but for ios and android there should be a update where you can make your own levels and upload them and you can play levels that other people uploaded like on the computer,do that on stair dismount to please it will make me really happy
Boss Jacksepticeye played this game on YouTube I never thought it would be on Android and when it came out on Android I went crazy
BEST GAME EVER How could someone not like this game its so funny hahahahahahaha
Don't judge a book by it's cover I thought it would be OK  but it was AMAZING
More vehicles I love this game the way it is, but one vehicle I would love to see is either a drag racer or a slammed classic truck rat rod.
