Call recorder pro the best recorder It has stupendous uses and acts as a personal assistant which you can through and remind you of important coversation on phone. It is nostalgic and brings out of indistinct clatter filtering out the exact information required by you out of the recoding. It depends upon how you use it whether as a tool or to frame charges on frivoulous calls made to you
Great app Very useful app. Recording with bluetooth headset, headphones or simply with your phone. You can save, search or share your recordings. Great productivity app.  Many thanks for your efforts to make our lives easier.
Works on unrooted Droid Turbo 2 on Android 5.1.1 after switching audio source to voice communication from voice call.  My voice is louder than the person on the other end, but it will serve it's purpose quite well.  Looking at reviews for this phone model, this may be the only app that works.
Good ... BUT ... Still unable to change save to extSdCard ... CallRecordings folder ... It keeps reverting back to internal memory  PLEASE FIX  I'LL change to 5stars  Still unable to save to extSdCard, but it records EXCELLENTLY
Like this app like ability to go back in time re two days ago call.
1 I have had this app for a week and it hasn't failed me yet. Love it.
Great tool Awesome program, works great on my Nexus 5, well worth the money. Helps capture details I might miss in conversations, helps me verbally take notes for later  super excellent
Sets the standard Performance, ease of use, look and feel all just right. So nobody mess with it please. New version is still as good as ever.
Excellent app It does not interfere with the phone performance. It is simple and unfailing.
I believe this is the best recording app there and i paid for it
Shakki Zookeeper Wonderful app. Love the auto save to my cloud. No more taking notes or trying to remember conversations.
This app works smooth. It saves me from having to write things down all the time and makes a great refference for directions, instructions  evidence.
Good need to be store on external SD storage, tospair phone's memory good working
Tt Just what I needed, invaluable
Great It is my companion.
Worst call recorder It shows recording notification during call
Awesum s5. Android 5.0. Good
Best Been using for a while now  buy the pro version is the way to go very good app that works
Love Great app. Used the free version for over two years...felt obligated to pay for your hard work guys. Thank you.
It is realy very helpful
Works perfect with Sony Z3
