Awesome I loved this game and the others, too.  Picturesque, strategic, logic problems... all with a great storyline... Prepare to enjoy
EGG HUNT Grisly Manor, The Lost World, and The Lost City have egg's in them. Find them go to the website that is with the egg's. Tap on the egg at the website enter the code. All three game's have beautiful artwork and great puzzle's.
Yeah It was awesome fire maple games rule. But I wish grizzly manor was free. I play these over and over again.
Love Wish fire maple was continuing to make games, all 3 have to be my favorite phone games.
dont dl this game u can never stop playing it until u finish all the puzzels best game ever
Great Game for a dollar Buy the three pack of games for 1.99 and save a dollar. All three games are a fun use of time.
Great Game Fire Maple is always top notch and this is an excellent example of their work.
Awesome Fire maple games creates games that are difficult but just enough to make you engage your brain. Keep it up guys
OMG Best game i have ever played. Right mix of mystical puzzles and no battles or violence Please make The Hidden World 2 
Loved it I like these kinds of games, but this is the first one that had a boss fight at the end. This company still puts enormous permanent buttons on the screen, which is distracting, and the hints are way too far apart, but the game play is fun.
Amazing game Have played another two games by fire maple, I paid for this immediately when I see it Great fun to find all the links and solve all the puzzles. If you enjoy this kind of game, I really can't recommend more
Perfect lt3 This is a great game. You will get lost in the puzzles they are just so well done. Not too simple or too difficult. I just bought the other two games they made after completing this one. Thank you Fire Maple. You made me love mobile games.
Slightly... ... easier than The Lost City, but still so cute and entertaining. Fire Maple Games, you guys rock.
Sony s1tab Great. Not too short. One of my favourites
Loved it Just finished game and it was awesome.  I loved all the fire maple games. Can't wait for more
Super This company makes probably the best phone. Click games in the business
Worth every penny. Took me about 3 hrs to complete it. Well probably play it again too.
Beautiful Great work, puzzles were a bit hard to solve at times, the artwork is amazingly beautiful. Works well with the nexus 5 on lollipop.
So good I love everything from you guys Please keep them coming
Awesome I liked the game very much. Once u started u can't resist finishing it.
