Great game Did have a bug where the game stopped. Didn't crash, but just wouldn't advance. But so far only once. And I've played about 10 games.
Great game.  Decent if uninspiring computer players at the easiest level.  Gives me a time to have a fun win almost whenever I want.  The computer players do seem to cheat with the Gold Mine card though, as they get a card from it far more often than I do.
Terrific implementation Very good for phone or tablet. Strong A.I. The U.I. is great on tablets and good on phone. Very easy to learn the game, especially because of the tutorial.
Now I can play it anywhere San Juan is one of my favourite game. Chasing other player to build your city to make highest score. The game look very well when it's in mobile device.
Great game Wonderful play, interesting, good AI, and I keep coming back for another game. One of best game geek apps I've played.
Great, fun card game Great strategy game that mimics the feel of the Puerto Rico board game. Easy and quick to play while allowing for some strategizing.
A different take on puerto rico I love this game. It is very easy to learn but challenging. The game app works cleanly and is very snappy.
Just like the physical game I've got this game in cards as well as on my iPod and Android. Great adaptation.
SanJuan is an excellent reimplementation of the card game.  I wish it has the expansion buildings, but otherwise 5.0
Fun Game, Simple to play The game plays well on my tablet. Large download though.
Great mobile version of a fun game Lots of fun.  Haven't tried multiplayer yet, but I feel like I am getting closer to mastering single player.
Lots of fun I love the game Puerto Rico, and this adaptation of the card game is great.  Runs great on my Galaxy Tab 3 10.1  and my Galaxy S3.
Phenomenal Game Really great implementation of a good game. Quicker than Puerto Rico and therefore much better for this pocket format. Runs really good on my Moto E and my GS6.
This game is spectacular I am a huge fan of the physical version of this game,  and the designers of this digital version did a spectacular job of rendering the game just as playable and fun as the original.
Great Game Love it  Just like the real card game but no need to find people to play with. 
Excellent little board game. I love these kinds of mobile games. Makes me want to buy the physical version.
Faithful recreation True to the original, polished, smooth and integrated with Google Play Games. Excellent stuff.
A great game. I liked the game, my one query is where is the cathedral
MULTIPLAYER WORKS NOW Multiplayer wasn't working but due to the recent update its now working just fine.
Great This is a great interface of the board game.  Good computer A.I..  Nice layout design.
Love this game This is a good adaptation of a great game. Haven't tried anything other than local multiplayer, yet.
Ravensburger Great implementation Good job. Edit after quite few plays solo  pass'n play I have to say  this is the best boardgame on the Android market hands down
Add To Your Collection The game itself is pretty quick and if you like simple games, then you should pick this up. I know the actual card game is a bit different, but this game is still fun.
This is my go to game for unwinding and relaxing. I did watch a few YouTube videos to get the gist of the game a little better having not played the physical version, although this game does have a tutorial.   I absolutely love the classical guitar music in the game. It fits the theme and makes it even more relaxing.
