Fab fab fab Loved this game. Wasn't too sure what to expect as reviews never seem to live up to the hype for me, but I'm hooked And let me just say this is the first review I have ever even but this game warranted it
Masterpiece This game is a masterpiece im just astonished by the gameplay the graphics and the amount of time that goes by without noticing. Although clues are kind of unlimited yet it would be tough to play without them Keep up the good work
ASUS TF300 Tablet  Now a portal into The Room  Myst   Wow, what a great game. This should have been part of the games 'Myst' and 'Riven' 
Wow. This is quite possibly the best game I own on my phone. The graphics are god like and the story line is nail biting It takes a lot for me to give a game 5 stars but this game truly deserves it What a game I've been playing for 3 hours straight now
cant get the game to run After uninstalling it and installing it, it worked and the game is just brilliant. I dont really like spliting the game into parts but it s cheap enough
Great game I wish it lasted a bit longer, but the graphics made up for it. I don't see this as having any replay value.
Wow This game is well worth the money. Puzzles are great, hard but not hard enough to get stuck for too long, but if you do the hints are just enough to get you going in the right direction without giving you the answer. Great game
Makes me wish Myst and Syberia were on Android, but while grown up questadventures still live on PC it looks like the best thing around.
Lovely puzzle I'm not a gamer at all. This is my first game aside Chess and also first purchased app and it is worth every pennies. But be aware, this is the ultimate game for non gamers. It reminds me of Myst 2 from a very long time agothe only other computer game I've ever played.
Amazing. I bought this game yesterday, it's quite fun. it kills time. The puzzles can be a real challenge sometimes. I really don't play a whole lot of mobile games. this is really good. I only have a few mobiles games on my tab 4. This game require thinking, this game isn't a walk in the park. It takes time and patience. Can't wait to buy the second one.
Playing again. Absolutely loved this game the first time around. At thevend it said there was a Room 2, but it wasn't compatible with my device. Now I'm looking for it again but can't find it anymore, so I'll settle for a second round.
D Perfect mobile game and the best escape from a room i ever played. On the other hand i couldn't finish chapter 2 on my s6 edge but after epiloque was compleeted i had access to all the levels and the rest was fine. Big up for developers fix the bugs and it will be perfect
Loved It I just recently got into the room escape genre after doing a real life one with the family. I found this this game to be really enjoyable and quite challenging. I've played a couple of other escape games as well recently, but they're just not on par with The Room series. I hope they release more soon
Absolutely awesome If you were a fan of Myst and Riven back in the day, then you will love The Room. The puzzles vary from slightly challenging to somewhat difficult and the visuals and sound effectsmusic are beautiful I am off to buy The Room Two...
A m a z I n g This is a n absolute total blast.   The detailing and graphics are mind blowing.  Not an easy game.  Challenging but not ridiculously hard.  Great job to the developers.
Beautifully constructed The lighting is a bit dark but the puzzles are gorgeous If you get stuck then there is plenty of help available,  starting with subtle clues but, if you still can't work out what to do, ask again until you are practically told the answer.
What fun It has been quite some time since I've found a game that was this intellectually stimulating. The clues help if you get stuck, but I try not to use them. All around a great game, a must have
I kid you not, it's by far the most detaild game I have ever played. I had a problem with the gyro on my phone but I sorted that for the orbs. The attention to detail is epic I really can't put my phone down. I really like this game. A must for all puzzle game enthusiasts. Make sure your gyro works though. It's brilliant
Beautifully made game... I really do love puzzle games like this that really allow you to use some processing power of the mind... Not like all these accessible games they have pouring on the market now.
Great game but not enough I really hurt that it ended after for chapters just to forcr us to pay 2.99 for the next. I really did enjoy the gameplay and graphics. Best I've ever seen. I'm working on buying part two and I do hope its longer
Short but beautiful game At last, a mobile game that's on par or even better than pc hidden object games. Reminds me of dream chronicles. What makes it wonderful is now I can touchtilt the screen for an almost real experience. Game can be finished in almost one sitting but the inexpensive price makes it a steal.
Great game But left me wanting more This is a great concept As a boy, I remember playing Myst and Riven. This game is similar, but my son and I solved the 1st edition in a few hours. I wish there was more to the game and I'm hesitant to purchase the second and third editions due to that reason alone. Overall, killer graphics and addictive play Great work
Great game I loved the game Best game i have ever bought and am currently downloading number 2. Not to easy not to hard, enough to keep you playing until you finish it
Awesome overall Wish it could have been longer Was sad to complete it. Really enjoyed the creepy soundtrack too Definitely glad I gave this game a try 
A Masterpiece Beautifully engineered Hook line and sinker, this game had me by the throat the whole time  I'm buying the second right now so I feel obligated to rate the first. Bravo
I'm addicted and unashamed Love the mystery and thought invoking puzzles that you have to solve as you advance through the story. One of the best games I've played in agrees.
Very good for the price Clue's could be a bit more cryptic. Part 2 is much better. Love to see a feature length game on ps3 or Wii
FANTASTIC GAME Loved it, only 1 problem in the epilogue when I get to to triangular prisms to get the code, I deciphered it but nothing happens from there, it seems to get stuck and then I can't move on to the end
My only gripe is that the game didn't last forever... ...but let's be realistic, shall we No great game ever does. This particular one, however, exceeded all previous expectations. You can clearly tell that a great deal of effort has been put into this game down to every last, intricate detail. For the low price of 1, it's worth its storage space and more in gold. I'm downloading the sequel as I write this review...
Awesome Had no idea a FPS gamer like myself would enjoy this. Spent over 4 hours on this game already... Great graphics, mechanics, storyline. Great job dev team 
Great game for a great price This game was so amazing that I bought the second one after a mere 3 minutes of playing. Only downfall...is it is so much fun that you will be compelled to play it until it's over and in turn, makes the game seem short.
Love this game It is very difficult at times to know what to do next But it is addictive in that you want to see what's next.  The graphics are spectacular
Thought provoking A really great puzzle game. Difficult, but the puzzles make sense.  You have to look for the clues, but they are always there.
