5 stars for a brilliant game but one problem, whenever I click the achievements for google play it just shows up no achievements for this game so please help me fix this problem as I enjoy getting achievements.
Too cheap to pay for apps until... I played kingdom rush. It was so good I replayed it several times in veteran mode. And purchased frontiers and about to pay for origins. Frontiers towers seem to be more complicated and fun, but the gameplay is less challenging. Hope there's more coming
Love it My advice is to wait until a special deal for better heroes comes up then buy. I got the wizard and warlord 69 off which was about 2.
One problem... I've played this game like crazy on the computer. Beating it over and over. But on my phone is crashes once I select a save file. I've tried making New ones to use and those crash as Well. Still love the game on the computer
Pretty good Better if it wasnt a gem game, paying for games is fine, paying to win is douche
Awesome Best strategy game I've ever played.Maybe you could cange a few things though.you might want to changeThe storyline it's to short maybe you could add a few more stages in an update. Second maybe some more free heroes and towers.I hope you take the time to read this and think about these ideas.
Frontiers Addictive, fun, smoothe, devilishly difficult, and hilarious dialogue. What's not to like
Thrilling A great strategy game. Easy to master the different levels for each type of attack tower, the challenge is in choosing the right combination and upgrading them fast enough to beat the baddies Loaded of addictive fun
5 Star Strategy Excellent strategy Tower Defense game. The leveling system is very fun and addictive, I can't stop playing. That's a lot coming from me. I love the way heroes work in this sequel as well. Beautifully crafted. I only wish their were more heroes available to unlock other than these 4 without paying real money. Doesn't make that big of a difference though. This gives plenty incentive to donate to the creators.
Download This is now my favorite type of game I really appreciate you making names for every Militia soldier. The only thing that bugs me is that when Im about to win a level, I pause to change the brightness and the game stops. Please fix this
My preference for Tower defense As good as the first Kingdom Rush. New features and towers that add some more interesting power ups. Like abilities that directly improve other surrounding towers. Making good combinations of adjacent towers is important. The player powers are back and fun to use to help the towers. This one has proven to be a bit harder than the last too. I play on normal and it is a good challenge. Then going back to them on hard once you've upgraded your passive traits.
Best tower defense series. I love tower defense games, so I've played many from the app store. All the kingdom rush games are awesome. Good variety of towers, enemies, and levels. High replay value.
Hooked im just about to buy this game but i completed orgins, and first kingdom rush. All so fun. I am hooked. higly recomend i
Awesome game. Cant wait for the next installment. I wish that they would bring back the ranger towers though.
Worth it Played them all. Not much difference between the different versions, but still entertaining
Must have games for Android Great tower defense games and it need good strategy to beat them.
Love the game, but I'm still working on learning new strategies...Just started  and can't seem to beat the 4th level yet.  Trial and error I guess.
Amazing game Alot of people are complaining about having to pay for microtransactions just to win but this isn't true. A fully trained mirage was just good enough for me.
Kingdom rush orgins Best game ive played on mobile. lt period.
Awwwwww Its... its... it's addictive. But I can't make a purchase why is that Take my money already
Its beast I love it this game is awesome
CM specific bug fixing is class act This was already one of the best games on Android but seeing you guys fix bugs specific to a custom ROM is just a class act  thanks for these games of yours, they're so awesome
