ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS AWESOME JOB WELL DONE THIS GAME IS SOOOOOO AWESOME YOU GUYS REALLY DID A MAGNIFICENT JOB WITH THIS GAME I LOOOOOOVE HOW U CAN CHOOSE DIFFERENT DIFFICULTIES  THE GAME HAS SOOOOOO MANY DIFFERENT CATEROGIES F I COULD RATE MORE THAN 5 STARS I WOULD PERRRRRRRFECT WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
This has got to be one of the best qizz game app out their keep up the good work.
So fun  addicting
I absolutely love this app I look forward to updates and would love to see some subcategories added. This is a great app for some quality time with loved ones as well.  I am not sure what has happened, but after I answer one question, my bluetooth keyboard will no longer work with the app. The app freezes up. I can make it work for another qustion if I reopen the app in my recent apps screen. Hope u can fix this as I am missing Quizoid
Great game This game is challenging but fair and has plenty of options to keep me entertained.
This is great This app is fantastic. There are tons of questions, so very little overlap many of them are not americentric and it works offline, unlike most quiz apps It's great for long trips without an internet connection.
Great Game The best trivia game app out there Love the different game options that are offered
Really love this game Awesome game
Great Great game to just pick up and play when you don't have lots of time. No annoying time limits, minimalist interface, dark theme, and lots to learn Suggestion Please add categorybycategory personal high scores for all modes
Absolutely love it, but... I wish I could do this on a larger screen. Constantly hitting Xchange by accident when correct answer is the top one. Fingers too big  Phone is problem, not the game.
Works great and installs very fast.
Great time killer
Challenging game Play this game with the family, cast it to the big screen. Endless fun.
Addictive I play this everyday I actually remember stuff too The only change I'd make would be, show the question with the correct answer on the oops page. But really great game Been playing on and off for a couple of years now and still love it
Quizoid FTW I was playing the free version because in the old version, there was no reason for me to upgrade With two new modes, there's a reason now. Quizoid has been a very fun game, which I've been playing for a long time. I can't wait to see what you guys have in store next.
Great Quiz game Fun, easy, ad free and doesn't need a data connection.
Quizoid pro Love this game so mush, I decided to upgrade to the pro version with no adds I can now play without interuptions Also, love the updates Love that the game sounds have been introduced Also, love knowing the last question that I got wrong Thanks again for making this game talkback friendly You will always have a five star rating for this game in my book Keep up the great work
Gets better and better Loved the old version, new version even better.
So entertaining. I love the geography category.
The Pro game is just great Probably the best game I have
Interesting Good to fill time. Has some interesting things to learn about.
Love it more than the free version This game is an all round winner Challenging, educational and always interesting.
Enjoy the hard questions. Plus learn new things.
Love the Flexibility I like that I can play a category game and just focus on a few topics or test my more general knowledge with the general game. For geeks like me who thrive on test taking, this is just the thing
Hours of good clean fun 5
Gr8t Gr8t. Good for me to make my mind better and to have good time with games and friends to be fun to me and others at party.
I love the fast reload Great game. Interesting questions and really fast paced  Buy the Pro version. It's worth it.
.... Simply amazing
Lots of fun. Easy to start playing.
Updates rocked
