Cool and Super Effective I love this appToday I had to get a skin of mine the one used before was from an app.And its very creative and fun.This is a musthave kit if you want to look creative or realistic.And I learned a lessonNever ever use villager skin files because they are,and never will be meant for players
BEST SKIN APP I love this skin app It's the best one I've ever seen so far The only problem was that the app was 2.99 witch was a little expensive. Also, could you add jacket and hat to it That would be amazing if you could Overall, I think this is the best minecraft skin creator app ever 
I like it but... I like the app. Its really easy to use there's just one problem when I go to preview the skin I can only see the middle part of the skin the only way I can see the whole skin is if I go to the upload part where I can choose to upload to pe or pc. So yeah I still really like the app bit hard to use at first but you'll get the hang if it after a bit.
I love this app so mutch im giving you 5 stars Thank you for letting me create my own skins. And the best thing is that it finally lets me use them in MCPE
Amazing I can make skins and look like a youtuber and I can do all that and I'm onley 9 but I can't do comunity skins because I do not have a face book acount
Great app I play mcpe, this app works well with me and u could bassicly maybe find the skin of ur dreams by maybe only a phew clicks away
those having troubles.. Welp, If it says is not a skin... Keep trying. It works PERFECT for me
Really great app but.. Well, iv been using another app for minecraft skins. And iv made one that im really happy with and i dont really wanna recreate it. So is there some way i can move a photo layout of the skin onto the app Thanks in advance.
Woooooooooooooow Create Skins Get From App. Just add custome head uploads and capes that would be a nice feature...
Suggestion You should make a resource pack creator, maybe with the same format as the skin creator, for PC minecraft, I don't know how we would technically Upload the pack but maybe there could be some way... I think that it would be cool to be able to make resource packs on a mobile device, just a suggestion that I think would be cool 
Better than other Minecraft skin creator  editor apps. It is a good Minecraft skin creator  editor. You can edit, create, or edit other people's skins that they posted. Don't trust other people's ratings that don't consider this app a good app because they don't know how to use it properly. 5 star rating
It was great but the thing is I would really appreciate if you added capes please I'm looking forward to also seeing more skins either than that two thumb's ups Oh wow forgot description lol
Love It I Really Love the App Cuz Works For Pe And Pc For me
One Issue Whenever i go to my photos and press the skin i want it closes my minecraft and says MinecraftPE has stopped
