MARVEL PINBALL 3D Awesome, just bought this  believed or not it's better than any Pinball games available in PlayStore  truly don't care about people says to this because I'm not a Hardcore Pinball Maniac like others, for me 1 tables is enough just play for fun after hard days in office  nothing else, thanks 
Can't keep off it I absolutely love pinball and this is great and can't see why other people are complaining when it's clearly marked on pictures IN APP PURCHASE look before you buy
Marvel Pin Ball I like how you make us think we are getting ant man but we still have to make another purchase to get it . These are very good games even though I miss read ant man .
Awesome Anyone who loves pinball like I do will love this While you do have to pay for additional tables, at 1.99 each they are well worth it
Great game Needs The Punisher This pinball game is amazing I've been buying all the tables over time, but their is is no punisher table
Must Have Fantastic game  well worth buying the tables  but I suggest downloading the Zen app instead where all of these tables are available plus many others.
I grew up on the Jersey shore, and when I was a kid there were no computer games. Pinball was a source of great fun for me and my friends. Pinball on the computer is quite a bit different from the real thing, but I really enjoy Zen's recreation of this timeless game.
Marvel Pinball Amongst all.. Marvel Pinball has better graphics with inapp purchase for other Marvel characters
Awesome It's Marvel, enough said.
Awesome Own all the tables and enjoy it daily
Sweet  I love it  So does my note4
A lot of fun
Perfect  game
Good Fun game
Addicting
Very cool Awesome game. To those other people that cried they didn't get the game they expected. STFU WA WA WA 
Worth every penny So good I bought them all Thanks Zen, for having an awesome sale 21.68 for 21 unique tables Worth every penny Deadpool is my favorite,  so freakin' awesome If I may, please consider a Punisher themed table, in addition to the Fantastic Four movie table I'm sure you are working hard on. Maybe even a Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D. Table. For all the haters, READ the description before you buy. Can't wait for the next tables
Best pinball available When it comes to other pinball games I'd rather bat the twins around with a  plugged in curling iron but this one plays the best. Seriously, no comparison. Also, Antman table blah blah misleading, lawsuit blah blah, panties on too tight wah wah blah blah...
