Amazing game that captivated my interest This is the game that started me on the FF series back in the early 90s. It used to scare me with the battles zooming in on the map. This is an epic legend that has some nicely added features. Unfortunately I lost my save prior to cloud saving. Oh well still awesome to replay. Now 6 needs to drop in price and I'll be all set.
Lame bug Highly recommended for FF fans and Rpg lovers. However, I got a new Android, and even though I saved and uploaded my game to cloudabout 45 hours played it was nowhere to be found upon logging in on my new phone.
Amazing game If anyone is having issues with the game on their device has an issue w their device. The voice acting is not half bad and it runs amazingly on all of my devices. Even my steambought version of the game Five stars
flawless port, one of the best On par with the FF III port, seamless graphics and great controlls. The cinematics with voice overs contribute immensly to the game. First FF with active time battle, much better than the previous III. Storywise it does not reach the height of V and VI of the series, but towards the end it regains momentum. All in all, a wonderful experience that brings a tear to your eye, and the music, oh, the music...
Epic This game was very well done. Great story and fun game play. Dungeons, dragon's, wizards, knights, mindflayers, ogres, flan princess, ninjas and much more. New graphics are well done for android. What's nice is this game has ALOT of side quest. You can play for the story or build on new game plus and have rare items to carry over. Can easily be 99 game hour's of badassery. Or a great story to run through. It's the best one besides 7 
Remove the need for an online connection. I don't care about Cloud Storage and that, in and of itself, should merely be an option. Amazing videogame minus the license check. I WANT to play this OFFLINE and NOT online. Capisce
Best version of this game ever I love this version of ffiv and I can't wait to play this over and over. If you love any title in this series or any RPG I recommend you give this legacy title a try.
Just As Good As I Remember Smooth, beauitiful, and fun. This was my first RPG on the SNES and once I adaptedlearned the complicated new gameplaythis was new to me in 1991, I was hooked to the deep story, long campaign. 710 seems more fair for the price, but great game.
Yes. Best port I've played. Hopefully 9 will be ported in the not so distant future.
LG G2 CM 10.2 a no go Doesn't work on CyanogenMod 10.2 4.3 on LG G2.  Will give 5 stars when fixed.
It's perfect The game is flawless Hoping that this saga would continue
Excellent captivating story Very first role playing game ever played. Have since played all to date and have loved every one.
Good port. Can't wait for the release of 8 though.
It took me two years... But I finished it. Enjoyable story, graphics aren't bad considering it was remade for the DS and its age.
Nice game I have played this game on the Nintendo DS, and when i saw it on android i bought it immediately. Well, it's the best game i have bought so far
Best RPG I've ever played.
Best rpg of all times
Favourite My favourite game of all time plays perfectly on my sony z3.
Game is good Finally works
Amazing I used to play Final Fantasy 10 and thought it was ok, but after getting this FF for nostalgia, I can see why many regard FFIV as the best in the series. Great job SquareEnix
So much fun
