Amazing This is the best radar app for mobile. I have tried many, but none have the high quality data that RadarScope does. Integrations with AllisonHouse and SpotterNetwork makes it even better.
Excellent  This radar has it all HD resolution and the newer dual pole products..worth the money Plus the new Radar Data Inspector Tool takes a lot of the guess work out, great for getting accurate wind velocity and precipitation rates, get the pro edition if you can, you will not be disappointed
Great app For weather enthusiasts who are looking for more data than what is readily available on the internet, this app has all you need and more to analyze a storm. For those who are in public safety, this app gives you an HD picture of what is going on which will help you make judgment calls especially when out in the field. Love this app, I use it frequently.
Great app Works well. Only downside is it enables laymen to chase after storms they know nothing about.
excellent Lovin. the new update  top of heap with the new... anamation, function  it's a no brainer get pro and try it for yourself thumbs up  to the devs
You want the best radar app available. Stop reading and hit install.
This radar app is very good. As a storm spotter for county EMA that is the best radar I have found for android devices. It has everything that I am interested in using it for. Especially good is the location feature that allows us to see where other spotters are and also allows our dispatch to see where we are. Here in a few months this will be on a tablet as well as phone
Best Radar App Ever Absolutely LOVE this app As a true weather fanatic, having such an awesome app is great
Great Work in landscape and help's me a lot.
Always good in the eye of the storm. Great app to have if you have a storm on the horizon.
Brilliant Such a good app. Use it everyday
The golden standard The best professional radar app around. Pro subscription definitely a worthwhile addition as well.
Decent I'm a Stormchaser and from what I can say very useful app. 1 issue, tho. On the latest version download I'm having GPS location issues. Other than that well worth the price
Best Radar App Easy to use with a simple layout, loaded with great features and several advantages that make it my goto radar app, including super res and Canadian radar sites. Also has great sharing functions for social media, etc. Would love to see a CONUS view added
Great app Worth every penny Has everything I need for weather spotting. Thank you for making this app. available.
The best no more to say ,,,
Note 4 Everything good.
Still the best. Well done.
Dude... I think this is awesomeness. Easy to learn.
RadarScope I love the app
Radar scope Great app
The best of the best of radar apps. Simply the best of all weather Rader apps. It always works and gives a ton of information. Don't hesitate on the price, it's worth it.
Excellent weather radar
Best Radar app This is the best app for weather enthusiasts and storm tackers...
It's a great app It's awesome has a lot of products and HD resolution
Very customizable
Obsessed
The best ever
Flawless
Works great Good app
animation scrubber
