Exceptional. Keep it up
Love this app I love this app Makes my phone run and load so much faster espically when I have a lot of things running for the moment. YOU DO NEED ROOT AND A CUSTOM ROM TO SWAP AND YOU CAN CHECK THE USING A ROOT CHECKER AND THE COMPATABILITY APP MADE BY THE SAME PEOPLE. Just wish it explained the setting more and sometimes it stops turning on.
Worth it Samsung s4  so much RAM usage since lollipop, this app had a very noticeable difference in performance immediately. Shocked and pleasantly surprised
Awesome app I had a very short ram memory available and this app did exactly what I neededmore ram less lag.Worthy of every penny.Keep up the good work.
Amazing Superb app. It's working perfectly on my Xperia T. I can go back to the home screen smoothly even after high memory used apps. The phone is more stable.... The games and Gmaps don't lagging anymore. Thanks                                                    There are my settings, it may help for other T users.                             Swapfile 562Mb, Swappines 60, MinfreeKb 52Mb, Superkernel on, Dropcache on, Autorun on. for autorun you need to enable SuperSU during boot
ROOTING IS TRULY JUSTIFIED ONLY ONCE YOU HAVE THIS APP. If you are rooted, have the right kernel. Very important to have the right kernel, because this app did not work for me a few days ago when I had a different ROM. My first ROM after rooting was a stock based ROM. I was getting an error on my Huawei Mate 7. Then I installed a CM 11 which has a different kernel, now it all work as I wanted this phone to be. Its amazing the difference that it makes to have an extra Swap partition.
Just try it on Honor 4x with Kingroot Do it for fun..result Awesome Guys please dont give this dev have a bad time. Sad sd write speed 12mb..
Tried for the first time. Awesome Created total 6gb of Ram on my lg g3 using swap file seamlessly. An update After installation, the phone became very fast but there were time gaps between for instance my touching a letter, or downloading from wifi and it actually appearing on screen. Then installed TWRP recovery and flashed it. The phone became buttery smooth. Dont know the reason but am waiting for Android M custom ROM update or stock manufacturer update after this.
HOLY CRAP My Mega with a DualCore CPU SnapDragon 400 now runs like my friends' QuadCore Note 2 trust me, it's a big jump  Plus support was extremely helpful 
MichaelZegend Lisence Failed Check, after many weeks of using it Thanx for the fast reply, I have tried everything possible from clearing cache and data,to clearing google services and updates to also trying a new playstore and still license check failed. I changed my rating to five stars because this app is worth it when its working
A must have app Wow didn't expect it to work on my phone china phone but then it did and it really works Thanks dev's best app yet for me
Great app I was getting low on ram and this app let me take memory from my ad card and apply it to ram.i went from 80 mb to 1 gb in just a few minutes
dark d5 How can i know if the is stable or wat ia the right value for stablity please help sir
IT WORKS I tried all the swap apps on the play store and they either didn't do anything or wanted to erase all my data on my sd card. This app works perfectly for me and didn't erase anything I have a lot more ram and phone is a lot faster. Love it so far THANKS THIS APP IS AMAZING
step up. remarkable change on stability and performance. for real phone loads bulk sized apps and 3d games top speed than before. some 3D game crashing issues with my Acer Liquid Z410 now fixed too. 5 star hands down ROEHSOFT TEAM.
Developer supports his product I purchased this on my old device transferred to new device. Worked at first but now I get a license check failed message when opening app. oddly it appears Swap file is still on Emailed developer for assistance.  Will change back to 5 stars upon resolution. Update.  Works now. 5 stars again
Good app.. recommended. For those that own low end android system.. Low ram size.. Should use this app. Edit But need Root access and swap compatible kernal. Google it.. my Samsung G313HZ can play 3D Games that required minimum free RAM 200Mb. Well.. many times bought new android phone and this app is the first thing i need. Aww yeah bebe 460sys RAM and after swap.. Free ram 280MB free180Mb used.. Forget where they go.. Now play high game with 280Mb free smoothly.
Working for CM12 ROM I have a 32g SD card and managed 4g  extra RAM.  New life for Galaxy S3....
