Have no idea . How many games of freecell i have played since i started in 2001 . Probably well over 100,000. Is there a self help support group like FA Freecell Anon
FreeCell Fan LOTS of fun I've played lots of game apps, and this is the one I keep coming back to. Only thing is sometime the card stacks 'scrunch up' when you touch them. Just touch them again to correct it. Great game
Great free time filler Good for waiting rooms and long plane rides. It's nice that the only adds are between games there are no annoying banner adds.
Love Free Cell Free cell is at the top of my list of favorite card games just try it you will definitely get hooked right away very addictive
Its just free cell Nothing fancy. Just the game I love to play. Yes there are adds but there is only ever one that pops up between new deals. Some people make it sound like there's an add every time you move a card. So far its been enjoyable.
Still the best all around free cell I now have a new android phone. I love the new congratulations graphics. The ads are even less annoying. There were a couple that caught my attention in a positive way. No crashing so far.
Great version Adds  I noticed a fair amount of people complaining about adds so I thought I'd share. The adds are 5 second blurbs, easily ended if you're not interested, and quiet. Unlike other games where I'm constantly ad attacked this game has done a great job of keeping it's integrity while supporting it's future  via ad revenue. I've been playing on multiple devices for years and will continue indefinitely. Great product
Great Version This is a great version of Freecell The auto complete is very good and it makes good guesses most of the time. Nicely done for a phone.
Works well without too many ads popping up. Challenges my brain.
Love this game I love being able to jump on and play a game in just a few minutes. It's something that don't take hours of my time. Plus you have to think It's a fun, fun game. Sometimes I play for a couple of hours before I know it. Thanks for making it a free game
Pretty Good Would be perfect if winning deals were offline.  Also maybe update the pictures in the description to Lollipop As much as we all enjoyed GingerBread, that was still two major versions ago.
Good ol free cell Idk why people are complaining about the ads, there is one ad at the start of each game which you can skip, it's just one more tap you have to do. As if these people aren't tapping their screen hundreds of times per game, one extra tap and 3 seconds of your time isn't bad for a free app.
It good for passing time Just a simple game  no lives to be lost The adverts make it a free app you just have to touch the little x to get rid of them it's no big deal I like Free Cell
Great game shame about the ads I love this  game the auto   finisplolh is great, it's just slowed down by the ads. I suppose that's what keeps the game free to use.
Love free cell and what I like is every hand is winnable. Sometimes it takes days and many tries. If you are looking for a game to win quick and fast free cell is not your game. And quit complaining about the ads IT IS FREE.....great app 5 stars
Free Cell Solitaire You all did a great job putting this game together Thank You for using this game as a pop up add for Classic Solitaire Or I probably wouldn't have gotten the app
I enjoyed it's and I love the competition of the game There's not much to say but it's enjoyable it's keep your mind keep your mind occupied and strong
I love this game. I've played so much makes my eyes cross from staring at it, it so hard to put it down. I've only had one problem sometimes it will deal out the cards and half of them will be buried
It's Perfect I love it so much, I'm addicted and this version is perfect
Challenging I like to compete against other players on the leaderboard. How did they win so fast and with so few moves
Love this game, calms me down from a stressful day. Great game to collect yourself from a fulls day of work.
I still have it I could not find this for awhile and once I did I thought that I could not play it any more, but bam pow I can.  Loooove it
Great I love how you tap the cards to get them to go. Tried my old one again and there's no comparison.
