DARK ECHO Definitely need a brain to play with, no monsters showing up only a feeling to find a way out, that's totally freaking awesome guy's 
Very cool unique concept Definitely worth the purchase. I'm a total fan of these minimalist yet curious style sort of games. And now has Google play integration I need a 6th star
Amazing game The mode to play it is innovative and really cool. I recommend it
Scary and fun The first time I died it scared me so much.Try to play in the dark, it makes it more spooky.
Woooow Amazing game, never thought it would be so fun. Keep it up
Amazing Whole new aspect of a game using the sound you create in game to visualize your environment. Works well on GS5
Scary in a way Really good game. Best played with headphones on
Best... Thank you for the game developers
Fun stress Worth the money a buck. Don't usually like creepy but this is well done. Great minimalist game.
Immersive
Love it
Brilliant This game is a game that is worth the 1 that its priced at. It is a lot of fun. It may look kind of boring, but its very unique and fun. A sholdget game.
The louder the sound,the more frightful Absolutely love this game like the Ultimate thriller 'movie' and your the starHoly CowThe first time I got killed Lvl.9,I jumped off my seat,LOL
Absolutely Awesome Love love LOVE this game, I was so obsessed I finished the entire thing in 2 days, it's really good and challenging and just really pretty too Awesome job
Awesome My friend showed my other friend who showed me and we all played happily ever after.  Great game with a fun concept. Stuck on the 3rd water level though.
Horror Without the Monster Dark Echo, is a game that puts you to your test with luck and skill. Making you walk through levels of dangers with only your echo as a means of direction. And it's execution is perfect Done ever so wonderfully I've never been so scared to play a mobile game before It's proves what a true horror experience is With an immersive audio experience, this game is a truly favorite of mine And would definitely recommend
Amazing original game This game is an amazing new concept that works really well There are no in app purchases or dlc. AND this concept is an entirely new one that works really well. This game is able to convey so much fear and alarm into a couple of noises and red lines.
Simple design works quite well Now this is such an interesting concept that works quite well. The game does a great job of making the player have a small hint of what might be to be blind. Creepy atmosphere, with dangers lurking around and only sound can guide you  Trouble is, sound also alerts danger to you. Very very cool. You will jump scared when you see the monsters approaching and the death sound is just perfect for the imagination.   Definitely give it a try
Awesome game I wouldnt say its a horror game but it is definitely one of the best games out there. Not to crazy but definitely fun and creative. Perhaps new level packs could be added in the future
By far my favorite mobile game Love the game so far. The ambience of it is just amazing. There wasn't much story, but the transition into the much harder levels was fantastic. after XL is completed.
Good fun How it feels to have echo location like a bat or dolphin ... being chased by red lines can feel genuinely scary.
Great game Really enjoyed it, manages to be unique while still keeping simple controls and concept. I'd happily pay more for an extra levels dlc or a sequel.
Its a love hate relationship Love the game and concept but it crawls under your skin when you get in deep. It brings out your true imagination
Cool consept I like it is a awesome game with a cool cosept I give it but I want a refund
Great physic Like that the game is based on the waves of your sound Eco. And it test your abilities to find ways on using that skill to escape out of situations.
