Fun It's really fun and it is fun to compare things based on your likes and dislikes. And it's awesome because people might compare 2 things you never thought of.... 
Love it I love making votes, but sometimes i hate when the ad pop up. But other than that i love it.
Totally cool I love this app, it let's people know how much they are different from others. I can even create my own to see if some of my best friends like the same thing as me. By looking at the comments you can tell what different people picked which thing. This is a very good app for both me and my sister.  or ...... and your friends could be like duh......a horse, on your comments. 
LOVE IT 1 problem ,  I hate scrolling  back down  to find my place 2nd prob, when I accidentally  press something  I want to undo it NOT TO MAN ADS AT ALL LOVE IT    to many notification
Awesome I love this game it's so fun I love all the questions I love how you can make your own questions and see if they get featured and how you can have people follow you and answer your questions if they don't get featured I love it so much I created almost 30 questions and I have 5 people following me
It app keeps failing on the second questionnaire about the point where the asking about Christmas presents make up for shoes not sure if it's trying to load the next commercial or if it's just blanking out might want to look at that
Best App Ever Great quality and keeps me interested. Highly recommended and make sure to follow colbycheeseawesome
Brillz Perfect app. But there has been big cyber bullying on this site sabrinacarpenter9 is a bully to landrybender1 plz do something about it. She has been really upset about it for a long time now.
FYI it for girls ONLY You should make different kinds of wish bones for girls              FYI only for girl remember
Awsome You could create your own wishbone by Googling or taking a picture you guys seriously need to buy this game. It will change your life. The only thing i hate about the game is ADS SERIOSLLY PEOPLE STOP IT WITH THE ADS IT DRIVES ME NUTS 
Please fix I love this game but there's to much commercials please fix this
