Brain teaser I was surprised at the random stuff you could create. My favorite part is there's more than one way to beat a level, so me and my brother had fun comparing our thought process.
Fixed It took some time, but they seem to have fixed my previous problem where I had not only lost all progress but also could no longer progress past world 1 of the main levels. Also liked that they upgraded my extra world purchases to a ssn pass. A great game, worth the money.
I ADORE this game OH MY GOSH I LOVE THIS GAME At first, I had some problems. I would open the app, and it wouldn't do anything. But after 3 tries, this game was amazing If it cost money, SPEND YOUR MONEY ON IT 
Awesome Only thing is I can't manually jump. Only auto jump.  Nice game though, I only play sandbox. Also, the DS version has a level editor, so can we have one as well Thanks WB, knew I could count on you to make this game great.      Plant Dude 
Amazing I love this game, it is a bit buggy, but I still love playing, so menu things to do, so many answers to questions, so many funny things to put, so many different levels. It disserves 5 stars
Scribblenauts rocks Galaxy s5 I love this because of the fact that you can complete the puzzles in any way you please and it is definitely worth the dollar and if you want this but don't have the money download GOOGLE OPINION REWARDS  and after you answer some questions and wait a minute it will give you like a 56 question survey wich will then put 1.00 on your account and then you can get this game
I change back Awesome Warner bros studios or whoever made this game just make it so it dosent load so slow and fix up bugs and glitches and the game would be even better than it is now
Awesome This game is one of the best games I've ever played and I have played a lot of games I mean how can you not love this game
I like scribblenauts if u delete enough games u can get it without error 905 SCRIBLENAUTSSSSSSSSSSS
Awsome This definetly deserves to be in the first place This game is absolutely amazing ,and the fun just begins when u buy the extra levels its awsome and creative. I think its a one of a kindbelieve me
Amazing this is far by the best game ever its creative,fun,hilarious deserves a lot more people to buy this
AN AMAZING GAME I WILL NEVER FORGET Shesh man, this game is awesome. Some other people think its bad because of bugs on the game. Actually think again. Its your device which doesn't accept the, I have a nexus. It doesn't accept Scribblenauts even when I uninstall all the apps downloaded    I love the game still though because you let the creativity on the other side of my brain explode.     
Loved it At first I had 905 error too but I manage to fix it by uninstall Google play store update and I try download again and it works The game was fun and instresting most of the things u type in will appear
LOVE IT All I have to say is this game is great. I love the crap out of it Almost as much as I love the crap out of your mom..
