Great game Love the game. The battles, the environments, and the magicgem system. The main protagonist and girl are a bit bland, but otherwise I really like the game so far. Well worth the price
Now its agood game The game was really awesome.. Its quite a shame if somone cannot buy this one.. Its like chaos rings.. Nice 1.. Keep it up kemco.. This is just the game tht i looking for.. Every penny worth it
Awesome I have been playing rpgs for about 25 years and I can honestly say that this game is really good It's pretty linear so if you want an open, exploring experience, look elsewhere. If you want a good story, nice graphics, fun battle mechanics, and not a ton of grinding required, this game has got it Recommended. Playing on a Samsung galaxy S4.
Plays like a Dreamcast game ...and that's a good thing. A 3D combat engine with very colorful DreamcastPS2quality polygons, AND voiceacting All at under 30 Mb on a Samsung Galaxy Note4Tab4. It's another game with the grid stone system from Arc Rise Fantasia, but I'm not complaining. I'm looking forward to seeing how this game develops. I doubt Kemco would be doing this, but one day I'd like to see some of the Playstation 12DreamcastWii RPGs ported to Droid. Yes, Lucas, I said DROID
So good This game has come a long way in my opinion. Alphadia was good but the script was kinda cliche. But this one was a great improvement. Not to mention the battle system is great, I love how you have the entire cast in battle and that there's five people I'm battle. Also the graphics in the battle have really improved. Awesome job Can't wait till the next one 
Great game I really like this game...the characters are well done and the story so far is good.  The combat system seems much better improvement compare to the other titles.  Kemco is getting so much better with each release of there games.  Keep up the great work.
Adventure and fun This game is a lot of fun, especially if you like jrpgs.  I had a ton of fun watching the characters grow and the silly banter between them.  This is defiantly worth buying  lt3
Beautiful The graphics is stunning One of the best from Kemko esp. the 3D battle runs so smooth.  Keep up with the standard  V. Impressive, QuadHit Rune doesn't seem to work though
Really good game with a few freeze bugs Story was ok. Gameplay was great. I actually liked this better than Alphadia Genesis because it was more challenging with the challenge monsters. Finished post game and killed the hardest boss level 99 challenge monster. If you want my tips go to gamefaqs boards for this game and i posted a topic with tips and help for the ultimate bosses.
Perfectly Priced and Fun RPG Kemco has done it again Very engaging game that doesn't require IAP to properly enjoy
One of the best Rpg games played. Just completed the full story and I have to say what a fantastic game it was to play. Just when you think it's the end of the game, there's a little bit extra of the story left. Brilliant story, gameplay, graphics and soundtrack. It's a 1010 from me.
Asus zenfone 2 Its awesome..like the story and good gameplay too..but when it end i can't explore anything again..thats what im sad about this game..
Beautifully done I am from the console generation and this game has me hooked I plan on getting kore titles in the future from you guys and being able to play off line is wonderful.
Innovative I really like the screen perimeter warning light that indicates a random battle is going to happen soon. Awesome 3D, awesome game.
OMG So awesome love the playstyle love the graphics love the voice over the skills everything great game worth my money.
Bad to the bone I been playing this on my tablet. And of all games this one is the better. The graphics for bit RPG fantasy is more then I expected. The story is pretty much the same as the others but there is more in this then most. Event bosses, 3d fight graphics, encounter bar. Well done. The best so far
Very entertaining and fun. I and very pleased with the 3D battles and the voice acting really brings the game to life. The character designs and interactions really work to enhance the gaming experience.
Awesome jrpg The story and characters are interesting. The voice acting is well done. The combat system is pretty basic but good looking with some actual animations. There is no manual stat or skill building involved, so it feels rather limited on the customization side. But the story, the gameplay and characters make up for it.
Perfect A very good fame remi d me of final fantasy also with a gd graphic game play, i just hope there is a alternate pption for me to choose in setting for changing the direction moving button as i rather prefer using a cross button in RPG games. Thanks
Great game. So far so good. Reminds me of old final fantasy style games.
Cool game Like the 3D battles
Big fan I've enjoyed almost every kemco game I've purchased and this was one of my favorites. I always look forward to new releases
Well worth the money Fun characters, interesting story, smoothie game play and great 3D
Ace RPG Console quality RPG with 3D battles. It's got a reasonable story and the game is easy to follow and play. Is reminiscent of the old PS1 and PS2 RPGs and well worth the money I recommend you buy it.
Absolutely magnificent I love it this company always make great rpg's but the graphics on this one are truly exceptional.
Please make more like this game.  It almost brought me to tears. I love it. Because of this game im buying a tablet. Awsome awsome awsome
