I have a suggestion Crescent Moon Games, I have an idea. Why don't you add a kind of evolution to your game Like a species, over time, start adapting. They could even have sentience Even war too. Don't forget weather. Also, you could add volcanoes to the mix. EDIT I got another idea. An ingame equivalent to dinosaurs.
Add more Maybe you should put humans, volcanoes, and humans can breed Also put in that humans can tame animals and build little houses and live in a clan Also, put some cold climate Plus, crocs need to eat fish TTYL xoxo
Stunning The populous series could totally use a next generation. I still play populous the beginning to this day and there is a huge underground following that are modding and building new maps. This world builder kind of builds hope that maybe one of the original populous developers may be still lingering on the idea of another sequel ... Well I'll keep dreaming either way
Love it I love these kind of games. The so called God games are addictive and memorising. I hope this game becomes a classic much like Populous was. Thank you Here is a suggestion... Give the game the option to be a screensaver also.
With time If the Devs Really work on this , I could see this being another PopulousPCFrom Dustxbox360  Keep it up devs you have a winner here you just have to take it in the right direction.
Suggestion Great game, but PLEASE add a evolution system and things like multiple worlds, speed up button, and if you do make a evolution feature can you make it so that one or more species can become sentient and colonize other worlds
More animals  humans It would be better with two different humanoid type creatures who fight each other and animals and build huts and tiny villages and more other types of vegetatioin and animals  and volcanos would be great. Oh and add seasons And add  weatherclimate  
Love the game, but it need new things Volcano or humans like creature that built huts building and can change the world surface, so they dig and built dams and walls and caves bridges and house city, like humans, form clans and all that, but the game is awesome, hopefully your are all ready work in this ideas.
Great I got a new phone and the glitch is no longer there. It make everything black. I think it had something to do with shaders. Anyway pretty good game just wish there was more stuff to do
New update idea Crescent moon games, when you come out with humans, make it so they build houses and cities, also add in so the animals make homes like birds make houses in a tree, ajd add a new kind of tree so monkeys or whatever theyre called can climb up and live in like a jungle. Money for humans and stores would be nice too.
Fantastic  Topia is Absolutely fantastic although it's in its very early stages of release i can see great things coming from the developers of topia and I cannot wait to see what they have in store for us possibly erupting volcanoes  Or even evolution of humans the possibilities are endless  Also great job on debugging the previous versions of the game  absolutely fantastic game keep it coming  5 stars  Worth the money 
Not really in love with it.... But I have faith the developer's will make this into an awesome game, alot of the ideas from the commenters are really good.
Need more to do because it gets bording in a bout 1 or 2 month You could add to the sea better with waves and have different plants. And for human andd Cave men witch make shelter, food, water , heat and fun. To make the game more funn be the game need something new, a new objut like make waterfall or difern type of animals or evern cave man because there has not be new content wich it not improving the game which is till good
