Monument Valley Best puzzle game ever It's short but fun The ending was weird though... Ida's Dream was great but I will NEVER donate But I will get the bonus pack I like how the game outlaws physics and all laws of geometry Nice work Please release a sequel
Didn't work at first, but developed contacted me and asked me to update version, now it works a dream. Motorola RAZR I
Best game ever My favorite mobile game I ever played hands down. Completely worth the 2 dollars and I never wanted it to end. Please add more levels. I love it.
Stunning Excellent game.  The puzzles range widely in difficulty, and you must think outside the box.  Beautiful music and graphics.  Only thing missing is MORE
Best 1.99 I've ever spent Beautiful, simple, unique, and fun game. Love the puzzles and illusions. Very challenging and fun to play.
Truly magical Indeed the whole game was finished very quickly... But those few moments were beyond description Truly magical that you need to experience it yourself. Enjoy the beautiful, mind boggling landscapes drenched in meditative music.
Very beautiful game, it was fun to look at and explore the levels and the background sounds were phenomenal. I just wish there were more levels because I went through them quite fast, even the levels I purchased.
Worth every penney I played through the original,  forgotten expansion, Ida's Dream with my 6 year old.  She loved it.  So fantastic  Deep,  thoughtful. She almost cried over the sometimes loss of the totem block friend.  Will buy any more released.  Thanks  We played it over a couple months time.  People rush to finish games then complain. Ignore them.  Game addicts.
Worth every penny The visual design is striking and I love the aural feedback when interacting with the world environment. The minimalist storytelling allows for replay  for me because I can build the story ever deeper. 
More 10 levels is not enough  This game is amaaazingly impressive.  Visually breathtaking, mentally challenging and all around great experience.  Even has a mystical fable kinda feel.  Please create more levels, Im obsessed over here
Beautiful, too easy Incredible idea and beautiful design. Good sound. I don't want to rate the game lower because I found it easy. It could use harder levels and more secrets.
Beautiful I was really taken back with how sentimental this game is. I started to cry at the end. Couldn't be any more happy about my purchase. Kudos to everyone that made this game. It's fun and beautiful
An amazingly beautiful game I enjoyed every second of this game. There were some points where I stopped playing just to look at the setting. It really messes with your head which makes it that much more challenging. The replay value is great too. Even if you know how to solve the puzzles just going through and seeing the game again is a lot of fun.
Best and Most Beautiful Game of 2014 Payed for the main game and fell in love with it. I then found out there was a DLC for it and immeditly bought it. The colors, the sounds, the perseptive illusions. It's just great.
Astonishing And I mean it. Who cares about fact that it hasn't got so many levels, all of them are exceptionally beautiful. I think I've never ever spent my money on anything better than this. If you think it's too expensive, just buy it instead of eating a chocolate or two. You'll be so much more pleased and much more happy. This will make you smile.
Absolutely a great game I love Android games.  Many come and go but this one, well, Monument Valley is a must have on my phone.  Best money ever spent on a game....
8 out of 5 star rating  A real mind bender, this one.  Can't really decide if it's an engineer's dream or his worst nightmare.  Simplistic in design, yet brilliantly calculated for maximum playing enjoyment.  Well worth the price.  Any persons lacking patience  intelligence need not apply.
One of the best games I've played This is one of those games that's worth every bit is its cost. Art work is excellent. The levels are beautifully designed and engaging. I really do wish that the devs come up with more levels.
Great game Some levels vary in difficulty, with not very many truly challenging ones but I don't mind that. This is a great game that is fun to play and looks amazing.  Well worth the money for the experience and I hope to be lucky enough to play more levels in the future
