My hint I beat it. But here's a hint. SAVE YOUR SKIPSYou save your skips because once you beat number 109 theirs something that says use your skips and you have to drag every one of your skips into the circles then you win. Good luck. You'll need it.
Money back Is there any way I can get my money back I bought extra lives and now I dont want them anymore.
LOVED THE GAME Fun and stressful but a awesome game you guys did awesome challenging because I made it to the end but I had 6skips not 7 so I had to restart and I beat it on my first day p.s.  I'm 8
It's so awsome I even tried it on the computer and I couldnt take my eyes off of it. But I hate the sound effects when yo fail. So I like everything but that sound effects thing. Great game
Warning... Spam ahead. I really loved it. So... ghvvdghv duck gbndnsjxbshdjsbdjdbdjsbsklskaieidjkdjebdbdjdbdhdjbd. Thank you for making this game
I dident like it and it is not cool....l loved it and its amazing Yes i loved the game coudnte beat it but i made if to lvl 90 somthing hard a bit but yeah i loved it this game was presented to me by popularmmos
Great, inventive, hilarious Lovely adaptation of the original quiz. Not a long laster but worth going through and finishing. Definitely good for divergent thinking.
I loved it It was dumb and hard I loved good work guys
Can't stop playing it Its way more fun than I thought
Epicly funny. Legendary game man I love it I beat all three games. You should soooooooo do impossible quiz 2 and impossible quiz book I NEED to play them again and I have no problem paying for them if you do it but I want the whole trilogy on mobile
So rage I rage so much but good game u should add dat umm theres 1000 questions
Awesome I beat it And whats more awesome is...when i searched markiplier, this app came up D
Great Like the pc but sometimes my finger would still be on the screen and on the next question it made me lose a life
A W E S O M E This game is incredible But dont buy it in the app store look it up on google and you can play this game for FREE
Popp P providing Claudia Coaxial Coz Zi 0 Oz zip Oz cup Ua dip paps np outta Ha Oz kanakee Spalding outta IA Pattinson.
The cool kids play it Hilarious game People hate it just because they're basically rage quittingI got to question 105. You just have to know TRUE logic. Two questions though. ARE THESE EVEN QUESTIONS And how do you get turnips But otherwise, great game
So hard I like it it's cool but one question is so impossible for real I can't do it,but I still rate 5 stars but fix this question plz
Awesome Great game But little tip for other players, do not skip any levels When you get to the last level you have to use all skips I had to restart the whole game
Fun to be Fooled Super affordable and fun Relive all the annoyance and laughter of the impossible quiz on your mobile device
Great game can't get past seventy two then it gets stuck their and I can't start a new game so.... change seventy two
