Need More Great learning for 5 year old that teaches how to correctly draw letters and numbers. Shows how initially,  gives you outline,  then challenges you to draw correctly without outline. Wish developer could make more learning apps like this 
Works on LG G4 Now Excellent game. My 3 year old loves it. Great service from the developers, too. It wasn't working on my LG G4 and they responded to my emails and notified me when there was an update. Works wonderfully now.
Daughter wouldn't put this down for a few weeks. Definitely helped her in school.
Brilliant My 3 year old loves this app. Highly recommend
Letter school It's a great software for children.
3 yr old nephew loves Downloaded free app first... My three yr old nephew loves it so purchased this app 
Nice Nice
Educational, visually appealing and fun Our three year old loves this game so far. The concept is clearly well thought through and the balance between fun, learning and challenge just right.
Amazing Soo amazing 4 me. Haha. Can not wait to get home.My daughter definitely will like itgood job
BRILLIANT  My almost 3 year old's favorite game, out of hundreds tried  The only app that was worthy of purchasing the full version.  Thank you for creating such an educational, yet super fun app for little hands, without creepy music in the background..lol  
It took way too long to get the various bugs worked out, but this app has regained its 5 star status.  My son loves it.
Helps my 3 yr olds phonics and my 7 yr olds handwriting skills. Awesome
FINALLY Everything has finally been fixed. Now i can give it 5 stars. Doesn't crash on Q and can be used on tablet. My son loves it Downloaded and every time I click on it nothing happens. Please help. Is this only meant to be used on a phone
this app was recommended by an occupational therapist.  My 3 yr old love's it 
Great app My 2 year old absolutely loves this.
My app lost because my little son delete involuntary ...alhamdulillah,i got it back without paying it again...
WoW  fantastic  My 2Y old daughter  have so much fun playing , she's learning a lot and I love that This app is absolutely great
Love it Good app for kids. Now my son can identify and can able to write letters.
Awesome app My 3yr old absolutely loves this app and he is learning so much. He is autistic and has apraxia and takes speech therapy twice a week but this app has helped him more than therapy Awesome job, thank you
Very educational and fun Love this app. The graphics are awesome.
