I love this game. Very addicting Someone said it runs out of swaps too quickly. That's the point... you have to use your swaps wisely to get more.
Addictive WELDER is perfect for a short  wait in line or during a meeting.  I find myself playing this game more than other, more popular, apps and I recommend it to anyone
Super addictive Very addicted  Love playing against friends, brings out the competitive nature
A firstrate word game Solid, thoughtful, and quite difficult as the game progresses.  Many interesting effects and powerups.  Not aggressive about shaking more money out of you, but if you want to shell out for more options you can.  Fun.
Keeps you interested no matter what difficulty you want. This game shifts letters like games I played as a kid. I always start easy and can stay easy if I want or I can work up to more difficult. I can always stop and I don't have to wait to build lives or other such nonsense that is built into some games. It's not timed so I am not pressured to make moves. Very good way to pass time and stimulate my brain
Challenging  interesting Lots of fun. The hot and broken tiles add variety. The only problem I experienced was the game freezing. The only way to correct it was to uninstall and reinstall. Over all a fun game.
Fantastic Game I have tried a number of Word games and this is the best by a long way.  Once you get used to the moves it's very addictive. Well worth the money.  GREAT
Interesting game idea. This app really has a great twist to word logic games. I think the graphics are a bit too much and I would prefer something more simple and clean looking. I also don't think that the game is worth 3. But it's worth buying for the unique game play. Can you please make a different skin  theme that I can use in the game I'd even pay. Also is there an option to play just words without all the corrupted words and unlimited swaps That would be nice.
Thoroughly enjoyable... This is the best word game I have played to date.  I thoroughly enjoy not having a time limit more than anything.  Please add additional words  create a larger dictionary as many rather common words are not recognized.  Otherwise, an awesome effort so far
Addictive Love this game. My friends and family are addicted. There is a learning curve to it, but once you get it you can't put it down.
