Great game I can get lost for hours playing this game Got my new Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and added this right away
Clean Cut App Very simple yet beautiful and straightforward design Interface settings allow for a personally tailored style of play Players of any level of experience can learn and develop their skills here. Fantastic app, all around.
Great game My favorite for playing Sudoku at all levels from easy to very difficult. A very fun and challenging game.
Love it I love sudoku and this game definitely is user friendly and has kept me occupied during boring spells My only main complaint is minor,in that the hint system only fills in a random number. I wish it would fill in the next logical number that should be made. Other than that it is perfect. Keep up the good work
Tons of fun Finally started beating the Challenge level, which is very satisfying. Add free version is well worth it. Easy to use. Challenging to master. Great job guys
Love the game This is clearly the best app for Sudoku yet.  It is well worth the price.  The board layout is intuitive and well thought out.  If you like these kinds of puzzle games you will love this app.
Great job. Just got done playing a bunch on the free app so I figured I'd buy the ad free one, it is definitely worth it.
Favourite sudoku This is by far my favourite sudoku application in every way. My only complaint is that I so badly wish there was a night timedark colour scheme because the white is searing playing late at night.
Addicted I've been addicted to this sudoku game for several years.  I've tried others and like this best. Loaded it on my Galaxy S6 and works great, but there is a floating help button that shows up over the 6 that I have to move.  Please fix in next update.
My favourite Android Sudoku My only bugbear is that since solve, reset etc have been moved I cannot get them to work. I can tap menu then more and the options come up but none of them work when I tap on them. I have uninstalled and reinstalled a couple of times but no success. Any help  Thanks for the email reply. It does work when I turn the screen on its side on my Samsung S4 Mini. Cheers
Woo My favorite time sink while I'm doing nothing I've used the free version for a long time. I love supporting good developers and I hate ads, so the premium version is great for me.
Samsung Galaxy S4 Can't think of a thing wrong  hence 5. I like the feel and atmosphere  it's kind of quiet 
Loveit Constant entertainment. Performs faultlessly all the time. The best one. I've tried others but, like the prodigal son, I always return
Great Sudoku This is a very good game of sudoku. I am a newbie however I find the games logical but even the 'easy' ones quite hard to solve especially when I am tired
Great game This game keeps you occupied for hours I know it helps me calm down when my anxiety is bad with my ptsd
Simply Addicted I ended up buying the ad free version and its addictive. Those who love numbers this too good. Have been playing on Note 2 and Now 3. Could i get the same for my ipad too
The BEST Sudoku App I have played several apps, at least 6, and this one comes out on top for me UPDATE 7615  I continue to use this app and their online site for tracking my statistics. This app is still 1
Near perfect Beautifully designed, easy to play, and with enough options that you can play the way you want. I particularly like that you can quickly switch between selecting the cell first or the number first.
My favorite Sudoku app I had this Sudoku app on my last phone and tried several others when I got my new phone but came back to this one because I liked the way it played. That being said, my old phone had buttons my new phone doesn't. It would be awesome if the company does an update to add an undo button at the bottom of the screen. Not an erase like the pencil, but an undo. Still my favorite app, still 5 stars, but an undo would make it perfect.
Enjoyable The colors are sufficiently different that I can see what is game set up and what I have entered.  From some of the programmers answers to reviews I know I'm not going to end up with a game that can not be solved. That's happened with other apps and it's very frustrating.
