Feature request Could you add a way to save and review saved games
Good Love this game.
Good job
Excellent
Harika zellikle de ben kazannca daha bir gzel oluyor 
Perfect I can't imagine anything more to add to the app. Checkers as plain as it is, adfree, both CPU and 2player, and for only 99 cents No wonder these guys are top developers, I've purchased their other apps as well.
Great but... I love the grafics, smooth games play and many levels. One problem is it calls a draw too quick. I'll be trying to set the opponent up and it stops before I can go in for the kill. And there's no option to continue playing. Other than that it's fantastic.
Ripped off Bought this app but taken three payments from my account, thats 1.49 x3 Got my statement today and realised.
Winner AI Factory makes great games. I own several paid versions of their games and I am glad I bought them.
Great game Best checker game in the store
Great game. Well designed Very few flaws. Plays nice. Different every time. Movements are perfect.
Woohoo Really like this game. 
Very good
SG Note III
Great game
Excellent Except that it should really be called Draughts.
Works fine LG G2 works fine
Best checkers game I've played the free version a ton Checkers Free and although the ads aren't annoying, I wanted to support the developer by buying the noads version. If you like Checkers at all, get this game. Try the free version if you're unsure.
Just awesome Great smooth and clever checkers game. Love the design and quality of apps by this developer.
Played for years. Really like it.
Great but hard Great looking and smooth running app. I play it on like level 3, and it gives me a good challenge. It's been years since I even played checkers. It is a game that is very simple, yet the strategy can be deep.
This game cannot be beaten on level 10.take your best shot, you'll be sorry.
Absolutely worth paying for Play all the time The best one in the market
Best checkers app without ads. Worth every penny
Great Game Great graphics  game. CPU doesn't like to lose  tries to make the human opponent go for a draw  nasty Samsung Galaxy W
Love it Should include an option to hide the undo button..
Fun to play Good graphics and sounds.   Works well on Nexus 7.
5 star Buy this game.
Works well Good time waster on long trips. Worth purchase for advert free and to support dev
Great, needs landscape mode Love it. Good graphics, fun to play. I would really like it to be able to work in Landscape mode as well.
DAVE BRILLIANT.GOOD GRAPHICS.NICE OPTIONS.WORTH THE MONEY.
This one is good as Checkers Premium or better.
Great app Brilliant
