20 cooler than ever I defeated Tirek and got the castleAlso my twilight turned into an alicorn yeehawcool game
Help me please Please make a new update for this game. On my other device iPod touch 4 iOS 6 The special events, where you play clear the skies, glitches It says that I am on rank 349 And my progress was in the 400. Also I tried to transfer my progress from my iPod to this device but it doesn't work and I would really like if we could be able to switch accounts. Please I beg you make an update. I would really appreciate it.
My little pony GRAET GAME im watching equestea girls right now or as they say in canterlot with pinkie pie and her freinds ponytastc I LOVE GAMELOFT .GAMELOFT PLEASE MAKE MORE GAMES pinkie pie says if you come across this game please download it.Also how do u un lock another place like fillydalphia
Good but laggy. The lagg is bad sometimes especially during loading, mini games, and the occasional more then one derpy find.
I love mlp I love this game but the prices are just to much. Even the real price money. I also wish the updates would be quicker  p.s. my tablet broke and I had to get a new one. I redown loaded it but then all my money I spent to get princess celestia GONE
How to unlock more places like cloudsdale plz commet and tell me plzzzzzzzzzzzz its KILLINGGGGGGGGGGGG MEEEEE PLZ TELL ME IF YOU KNOW Rainbow dash is expensive like way to expensive I'm like cra cra I love her so much I'm crazy about her shes my favorite
I adore this game I play it every single day. I just wish it was easy to get gems. And I'm struggling to get through the equestria girls mini games. 24 hours for a song to load is extremely long. I love the game love the ponies love the design I love everything. It's just the equestria girls mini game that I love a bit less. Thank you for this amazing game
MY LITTLE PONY  My Little Pony, My Little Pony Ahh, ahh, ahh, ahhh... My Little Pony I used to wonder what friendship could be My Little Pony Until you all shared its magic with me Big adventureT ons of fun A beautiful heart Faithful and strong Sharing kindness It's an easy feat And magic makes it all complete You have my little ponies Do you know you're all my very best friends
Greatest game ever I am afaq's sister i really enjoy this game this game is fun, intersting, sweet..... i just love it.
