Great idea, would be even better if the instrumentals especially yyz by Rush had the full set of notes. Thanks again really enjoy this app,Blessings ever First class app, especially the Pro version
Have the bass app alsolove both Best app on learning to play your favorite songs
Ed Seeran thinking out loud
Love it. Glad I purchased. Love. Glad I purchased full version. Just need more songs now. She talks to angels for starters 
I LOVE THIS APP I want to learn how to play New York State of Mind and Sons of Anarchy theme and Degeneration X theme from WWE Now that would be Awesome
This is by far the best app that i have ever seen. It really teaches you as fast or as slow as you can handle it. I recommend it to all levels of players, but most of all to the novice who wants to learn something to make them look like a pro really fast. If you like this you should check out their Bass  Piano apps too. Some of the same songs match so you can learn them on all three instruments. Enjoy.
Grrreaatttt.amazing Auld lang syne,as a riff Please pretty please.
Impressive.  Would like to see people are strange by The Doors.
I love this. So much fun. Well worth it Rock On
This app is AMAZING It has helped me so much I love it. However, it would be quite impressive if ya managed to add Sail by AWOLNATION. I heard people playing it and it sounded awesome.
Good Song Suggestions Disturbed  indestructible they see me rolling they hatin, the robot song 2
Awesome App Song suggestions Metallica Fade to Black,  Metallica Welcome Home Sanitarium,  Metallica Nothing else Matters, Metallica One, Metallica The Call of Ktulu, Metallica  The Unforgiven
Good Dragonborn skyrim
Got some great riffs One by Metallica My Friends Over You by New Found Glory In Too Deep by Sum 41 My Sacrifice by Creed
Suggestions Would love the killers mr brightside and also maybie a library to look up artists and songs rather than a scroll to select menu.
Awesome Thrill is gone.
Awesome app Would like to see more country riffs
New riff Def leppard, Whitesnake, motley crue, and poison songs should be added.
Need kings of leon Please can you add some kings of leon song
Bob Would love to see the top gear song in there , but brill app must have learned 5 riffs in an hour and im only starting out 5
KOL Fan Needs Kings Of Leon
Between angels and insects papa roach Awsome app
