Excellent. Excellent. Excellent. Easy to navigate and just difficult enough to keep you thinking. When is number 3 out Love these games... maybe a different end goal though.
Enjoyable adventure puzzle Davey's mystery 1 and 2 remind me of the old Myst games It's been a long time since anything has given me that same feeling that Myst did. But I wish this was longer and more difficult, as I beat each of these games in a few hours. Still, fun. I'd pay much more for a Davey's 3 if it had more content Thank you
Excellent game This is a great game for all family members. Nothing dark or scary, just good play that keeps your mind going.
Awesome Very good game. Not to hard not too easy I search and search for good puzzle games that aren't basically cookie cutter puzzle games... this is def. a well planned original puzzle game.
WowwwwwTHIS IS THE MOST THOUGHT OUT GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. EVERYONE SHOULD PLAY THE FIRST DAVEYS MYSTERY AND THEN THIS ONE. I HOPE I CAN BE PUT ON ECHO's Email to receive any and all apps for years to come. I am a loyal fanfor life.
Davey's Mystery 2 Loved this game Played the first one so I HAD to get the second
I love your games Hopefully you will get more developed soon 
Another great game You deserve a great big pat on the back. Well done Controls work perfectly,game was thought through. Nicely done How did you do it without satanic symbolism, runes OR ravens  Once more you kept the price realistic
hello can anyone help me where i can find the things needed here im stack here  .so sad please help me... its the key inside the things that has 5 colors surrounded by it...please help me..i dont know where to go...im stack
Awesome Game Great graphics, easy to follow but difficult puzzles.  The hints were very helpful.  Overall just a well put together game.  Fair price, not too short.  Can't wait for more from this developer.
Awesome Hope part 3 will come soon. There are hints in top right corner if u get stuck.
Great game ..tougher and longer than the first No glitches in game.One puzzle I needed hint on was the circular light  puzzle with central three pointed switch..can that be done without a codeGreat test of memory.
Good one Nice flow, good puzzles, not too hard, but make you think. Beautiful graphics. I enjoyed it, although it could have been longer. Make the next one
Excellent Difficult puzzles with a good help sheet. Not for amateurs
Done it again 1st game was great so too is this
Mystery I love these kind of games.
Good game. Great graphics Well worth the money.
Really enjoyed both of these games.
Well done Great game..maybe a little short but really good...number 3 soon I hope 
Hope they plan on Davey 3
Lady Tee I played 1 and it was fantastic, Now I'm playing 2 and I'll see if it's as good as 1 
Short Yes but sooo sweet I love your games ..please make more...Thankyou for2
Davey's mystery 2 I like the game but having problems downloading it
Very good experience Nice game and the creative staff behind it were very helpful when I had an issue.
Daveys 1 Really good
Excellent Loved the logic and all the different components. Make more please
Great game... This was easier than the first one, but still very well done.
Challenging and fun. Really enjoyed it
Great game Easy enough
Another awesome game A little more difficult than the first one but still really good. I wish there was more of these to play.
Very good Worth the 79p
Good game One of the better games of this type, worth the money
