Good for me Not too hard to start with... Some quite challenging clues even my father in law has to think about and he does the times every day...
Hours of amusement Good balance between getting to know the style of the clues so you can have the satisfaction of romping through a few words, and being totally baffled so you have to come back to it another day
Very enjoyable Clues are not too hard, nor too easy. Perfect to make you think a bit,  yet feel a sense of achievement. Love seeing clues in both grid and list format. Also the ability to reveal a letter when stuck keeps you going without robbing you of fun. The only thing I'd want is an explanation for the solutions after you've completed a puzzle  sometimes,  I get the answer based on the layers in place from other clues but am not able to figure out the mechanics of the clue.
Excellent fireplace I hear GREAT  Really enjoying this app. It's pleasing to use, clues not too difficult so it passes the time nicely and I like the fact that you can reveal a letter or two if you get stuck. Useful to be able to see clues listed as well as on the grid. Money well spent Thanks Teazel
Great game Lots and lots of cryptics, right on my phone. Some easier, some pretty tough, and with a very userfriendly interface.
Loved it These crosswords are great The clues are awesome. You feel like a genius when you get them, and figure out why the cryptic clues make sense
Good puzzles and not impossible Although these are British in style and authorship, this American can solve them, at least so far. Clever clues that follow the rules of cryptics without undue trickiness or obscurity. And thankfully, so far no cricket terms
I have no 'Cross Words' for this app Excellent app, good range of cryptic clues, some simple, some tricky and some absolute headscratchers  Great format that's easy to use...and hard to put down
Great for the commute Clues are good. Not too hard. Good for passing the boring bits of a trip. UK slant that suits me.
Made me use the old grey matter. Important to keep the brain working so these crosswords are ideal.
Flawless No issues with anything. I love cryptic crosswords and this makes it so easy to enjoy them.
Good range of easy and hard Some are really challenging but there are enough easy ones to keep your confidence up 
Great for learning cryptics Had loads of fun with this app. Great for beginners as the clues aren't as tough as the Puzzler app or anything like the daily broadsheets.
Excellent Great puzzles. Entertaining.  Easy to use
This puzzle is very good for Americans it's not too British heavy
Prog Start off really easy but progressively gets more difficult. Love it.
Great for beginners Keeps brain moving but not too hard.. Yet
Perfect Just the right mixture of clues that are pretty easy to figure out and those that take a little more brain power.  Easy to navigate with helps like check and reveal available if you wish to use them.  The game includes lots of puzzles.  Fantastic
Very creative For all those who find cryptic crossword tedious
Lots of fun Just wish it was possible to sync the puzzles across my devices.
Lots of puzzles well thought out Not too hard, but not trivial either.
John Smit I really enjoy doing the crosswords. Great value for money.
Learning cryptic As a first timer this app has been an excellent learning tool. Revealing letters or entire words provides a much quicker method of understanding the logic behind clues than waiting for the answers in tomorrow's paper Well put together interface with plenty of puzzles.
Nichyq Miss the pencil and paper scribble but this is a beautiful app
Good brain workout Clever clues good grid functions
Great App I'm only two dozen crosswords in and I am loving it
Good crosswords  not too cryptic Just right even if you don't have a lot of experience with cryptic crosswords.
Great App Good level of difficulty clues with a few hard ones to keep you thinking. Clue list option good fun for a change.
Simple but fun Nice way to tax the brain in a casual way.
