I've found my home Tried Etsy for years. Came here and made 4 sales in 2 days Couldn't believe how much time and money I wasted on other sites when I could've been here Wow Very impressed and pleased 
Use my code GWQVJF to get 2 off your first purchase I like it cuz you can print shipping labels and no fees Suggestions Fixing the carrier drop down button. Ability to message privately And be able to search for users Also the ability to hide my sold listings They're just taking up space.  Thumbs up if you agree
Upon sign up use invite code TYNMTM to get 2 off your first purchase Awesome app  It's like shopping at a thrift store, but with lots of new items too  Everyone haggles here.  Watch out for scammers and younger aged sellers, if you look at their ratings you should be OK.  Needs private messages  If your a seller, there are no fees. Deposits are made directly to your bank account   Don't forget to get your first 2 free by using my invite code at sign up TYNMTM   
Love this app I love this app have bought and sold alot on here. As long as you follow all of mercari policies your good. Never had an issue. Everyone knows there's bad people out there that lowball you but all you do is block them. Made a few friends even. It's a great app if your looking to make money on items you no longer want. Me personally I pay medical bills from what I make it's so easy to transfer what I make to my bank account.
Love this app I wish there was a way when you go to look at someone's closest store whatever that you could have the option to look at sold or not sold items only thank you
NEW TO MERCARi Love it, Use my Invite code KTSKUK give 2 get 2 Come Shop my closet variety of items for the whole family 
Made LOTS OF MONEY I love this app.. better than the competition by far, there's nothing 'posh' about it but MERCARI is truley the fastest and easiest way to make money. I would HIGHLY recommend to anyone
Best app for buying and selling Literaly the best and most reliable app for buying and selling. If you don't recieve your item your gaurented a refund. Highly recommend
I love this... Best place to find what your looking for without paying much. Great deals, some sellers are fast shippers. Love this
Signup with this code CSUPBJ Easy to buy and sell, ive met some wonderful people on here and made sum extra money. I have Tshirts, baby clothes, jewlery. Signup now and get 2 when u use my invite code above
Use EVEBXA for 5 off your first purchase. I love this app Lot's of variety and best of all it's free to sell.
Need holiday gifts Get 50 off using my coupon code GQPTVJ when signing up
BRSTWZ Use invite code BRSTWZ and get 2 credit towards a purchase D. I love this app. I have sold so many items. Never had a complaint either  nothimg ever wrong with the app. Highly recommend
On the cusp of Greatness Internal Universe ready to birth into the space....
Sign up and use invite code DAZGMQ for 2.00 off your first purchase I love this app Its perfect for getting rid of lightly used clothes and accessories, not to mention the extra money you can make
Love it I got this app months ago. I wanted to wait to see how well it wotks...I love it. I've bought and sold about 6 or 7 items and all the transactions have been very smooth Here is my code AURDRF, if you sign up with it, you get 2 and so do I...every little bit helps
Great app. Never had any major problems with it
This is a great site to find terrific items sum gently used, sum brand new. I personally love this site  have had great experiences using them 
Seller Great app in terms of communication with the seller and buyer
Great. What a sales app should be. Very interactive and easy to use. Kudos to the team.
This is my new site I have bought two things and its been excellent service.
COTTON CASTLES Come visit my closet of CUSTOM DIAPER CASTLES for baby showers.
I just started with Mercari I'm enjoying
Best app too sell This app is the second best app i use ebay is still my favorite but i love this app for selling the most
