Amazing game I love this game. It is without question one of the best games ever made. Thanks to Google Play we can backup our saves to the cloud now. It has had a change in art style for the characters which some dislike, it doesn't bother me overall and certainly doesn't detract from the fact this game is at your fingertips. Make sure to have some data connection.
An old favorite... This is the fourth time I have purchased this game...original NES, Playstation, and GBA. Worth every penny, every time. The new graphics take just a bit of getting used to, but I actually find them a long overdue improvement to the original. Expect to spend hundreds of hours with this one
5050 The game play is good and the touch controls are better than expected.  In the first hour of play however the game cut out 3 times but the quick save caught it with little to no loss of progress.  A good perches and has cloud save.  In the second hour only one crash. UPDATE no crashes when using blue tooth controller, got mine from gamestop it's name Red Samurai.
One of the greatest Simply one of the best rpg of all time Worth every dollar and way more
Wonderful This is a great game. The only complaint I could give is the controls taking a bit of getting used to.
Good game Plays well, my sausage fingers have a bit of trouble with the controls but a good package.
Fixed me up and now it works great. They should do final fantasy VII next.
If you are around your 30's and remember the golden age of  RPGs, play this game. On a big screen it is something to be experienced
Finally come to mobile phone This is the best Final Fantasy series ever I ever been played on SNES and PS1 when I was young until now it's come to moblie phone I bought and play immediatly
Arguably the best FF ever. The five stars is for the game, not the half rate Android port.
The last great Final Fantasy This is not only my favorite Final Fantasy, but my favorite video game of all time. This is a must have for any collector, and it is money well spent, I can assure you
A Masterpiece This is a beautiful port of a splendid final fantasy. No other words are needed for this timeless classic.
