So fun it's sexy So sexy I need to cover my lap with a pillow. I'm paralyzed from the waist down and it still gives me a boner
Best phone game I had... I say HAD because it was amazingly inovative on SG Note2. Now on a SG Note4 it has not successfully launched for many months. I'm not asking for a refund this game is THAT GOOD. I already had 1 worth of fun, but its a shame CrescentMoon hasn't even updated the app this year...let alone fix the Note4Nexus6ONEm8  startup crash. For all those looking for some casual racing on other devices, the only reason not to buy SlingshotRacing is if there is a sequel
Makes other game developers look like crooks Love this game  Awesome gameplay, fun levels, and beautiful visuals.  BEST OF ALL  you can play the game without having to pay over and over and over for stupid trinkets in order to defeat a level.  You hear me MMX  You paying attention Mad skills motocross  I'm talking about you beotch.
Slingshot Racing, what a fantastic, fun racer I can't believe I overlooked this app all these years. This game's amazing. It's fun, challenging, frustrating, addicting and relaxing all at the same time. Kind of like being conflicted about having awesome sex with your best friend. The artistry, music, simplicity and mood are genius. The developers really did a brilliant job.      Pete Shelby
Love the difficulty I love the fact that you don't purchase upgrades in this game. Want a better time Then you have to become a better racer. The AI is challenging without cheating, time trials often require near perfection to get 3 stars. But it never gets frustrating because the race length is never excessive. Brilliant game worth every penny
Great Game Most innovative and addicting game i played in a long time mobile and console Absolutely gorgeous artwork that gives this game something special Runs like a dream, and plays like a dream. You should really buy it And the iap is just there for cosmetic reasons. Brilliant game
I underestimated. Completely caught me off guard. Wonderfully surprising as hell. The simplest mechanic, with an awesome art design. Highly recommended.
Excellent Smooth gameplay with excellent physics Extremely well done. Never the same twice. Easy to learn, hard to master, and fun every minute while trying to do so. Don't have to be online to play always a plus Warning Very, very addicting
Nice surprise Great game, not want I was expecting. Simple controls to start with but the game has depth and keeps you striving to get better. Striking art style too,  very nice to look at.
So addictive This sling shot racing can have you entertained very well, controls and graphics are superb here I love it Crescent moon has done it with this as well as others...5 stars, Samsung galaxy light
Unusual Good game, very refreshing car control. Onesecond restart is uber useful
Awesome Game but... Almost done with my poopie by the time it loaded up. Not to say that it takes forever to load, but please allow me to skip the opening cut scenes I also may be a Record Pooist. Edit Turns out you can skip them 5 stah for you
Innovative racer Incredibly addictive, easy to pick up and play, and the clever controls are a dream. What more could you want from a causal game
Better I felt better playing it and it became fun thank u for fixing the refunding now i feel better playing
Fun and addictive Hey this game is cool and it takes some play time to know that this is really addictive.  I had downloaded this game in my phone but did not realize it to be fun and addictive until I played it in my 7 tablet.  It is really good game to play in a tablet or a phone with a large screen.
Deserves more. This game is amazing, and deserves more downloads than it has.
