Lovelove love Love this app wish I would have found it a long time ago.  I'm a stay at home mom so its nice finding real ways to make extra spending money.  Or back up plan for when we're broke lol
Love it I've been a user for a while now and I've been doubtful at first but it is definitely worth space on your phone. It's free money and it's a very clean app. No popups, no issues, no cpu issues. Recommend 1010 times
Slidejoy Great app but i recommend no one do the trialpay offer wall. Trialpay is ban happy and will ban you for no reason
Good but...... This is a very well app but having problem when i click on  adscent media to get more carats..itz showing no internet connection but already i have well speed internet connection...need help to fix thiz problem...i hope slidejoy team will respond me
Amazing, fantastic, easy I have had this app for a while, I've accumulated about 12 bucks. Considering all I did was have it, and have some ads on my lock screen, that is REALLY good. The best part is how EASY the payout is. I have doubts I was gonna receive my money anytime soon, but I received my cash in about 30 minutes or less. It was a really pleasant surprise. I have gotten my friends, and family members to jump on board with this lock screen. I'd recommend it to anyone
Alright This App Is Awesome Lol The app is worth having without a doubt, I mean it's so cool that even more ways to collect carats are being added I'm loving that alot. The offers are good the payout is good, Keep up the good work Keep it growing and becoming better Slidejoy team,  I'm giving u 5 stars.
Flawless Been using it for more than a few months, cashed out a 3 gift card. The app works flawlessly, doesn't eat up space or processing power, and the dev is helpful too. Great work keep it up
Pretty great I love this, I occasionally get interesting stories or promos. Which is nice by itself, but the money helps aswell. It is quite slow, but it came I  handy around the holidays. I just had 10 bucks transferred to my PayPal, which isn't a lot but considering it was only part of what I've earned and I got it for doing almost nothing. Works pretty well Very pleased.
Have used the app for about a year and I love it Recently however, my phone Nexus 5 has been getting a black screen as soon as I turn on my phone and I'm pretty sure it is from Slidejoy. Pressing he home or back button does nothing and I must click a notification on top to get out of that screen. Please fix 
It is great The app is amazing, I have redeemed carats multiple time for Amazon gift cards and it works great And now I can get into Fyber offers. Thanks for the great app
amazing app  i get like 4 a month and it adds up just for having a random ad appear on my phone..what have to get it asap if not
Amazing app I am using it and I just cash out 2 and I really got them. Don't be surprised its working
lt3 Don't get much for the ads that popup but having the tasks I am getting a ton more.. I have already earned over 26 that I have already spent on Amazon before the tasks but thanks to the tasks I am almost to my goal of one of the Nike gift cards... Thank You for this great app to earn free money...
Shocker to me Honestly its hard to get a job these days as a teen, but an alternative like this app to make a few bucks should be in the top ten apps
Awesome The new carat  feature is awesome and works great. Use code above this for bonus...Awesome app also try Get Cash for daily payouts.
Best money making app I love it because I don't have to do anything but use my phone. Doesn't seem like much of a reward but trust me it adds up after awhile. Besides it's free money
I Love this app Slidejoy is the best at what they do. I love the option to transfer your rewards to paypal. I have already made money with them and more on the way. Keep up the great work. We need more apps like you.
Hey Now I just redeemed for  12 amazon gift card and got an audi lanyard and decal took me several months to get that but hey it was freeeeee
UPDATE Offers  more ways to earn please The offers don't work. I've completed 3, followed the instructions and waited for 2 days and still nothing. I'll try again though. Also, please add more ways to earn carats, like watching video ads and earning 23 carats per video, etc.
Awesome app This is one of the best apps out there Keep up the good work I will stay with this app forever That's a promise
Not earned yet but I have started using this app so not earned till yet but the aupport team is very excellent i hope i earn from this app and will change my review i recommen this app to download
