Awesome The words are not too easy, like some versions of the game out there. The graphics are simple and clean. There is only the one ad at the beginning, and a small one during gameplay that is easy to forget is there, and that's okay with me.
Hangman is a Great game. Good fun for kids and adults my only moan is the one player game i dont get it  Well i'm only 10 not alot of 10 yr olds would install it its a good game which u could play for hours and hours and hours
No clue The hangman I played growing up you get a clue. So I think this is a no star app but I have to boot stars. UPDATE I figured out that the way I played with my brother the wrong way. Well, childhood ruined' But scents there right about the way you play 5 stars but i'm still sad'
Hangman Love it I play on the hard' settingmy favorite. Great because it constantly changes throwing up different words each game.  I have never been able to reach my goal of 90.  One of these days I will.
Learning by playing This is a great game. Once I was under the category animals, and got the word dogfish. I thought they were just making up animals. I look it up on the Internet and found out out dogfish are real. it's amazing what you can learn by just playing a game.
Love this game super fun Best in the world and all youll haters better not hate Ok bye
Great For Kids Very minimum ads which is real nice. I had one AD in seven games so far. Runs smooth and is easy to play. Great for kids to pass the time in car rides. I play with my daughter a lot.
Fun game Pretty good game except some of the answers never heard of them thought I was fairly smart.  Guess not as smart as I thought. All in all its still a great game with a good category selection,I recommend it.
SUPER AWSOME I love the game it is amazing and l just love it apically when me and my sister are fighting and I type in some random letters then I press continue then I type in some other random letters and of course they were wrong and I say aww you lost to bad and then I say haha and l feel so good when I do 
Its awesome game Whoever will play this game will love it. But only some of them will hate it. I love this game really. Its fun to play this game. I really say that this is the best interesting game. Thanks
YH, I LOVE THIS GAME IT IS SO GREAT. This is a smart game for one or two players which makes very cool, I like it very much I hope others will like it 2. FANTASTIC
Great Great game I enjoyed it... though its sort of borring at some times
Great clean game. This is a great family game, has a  difficulty setting,  few ads. The multi player is only 2 players though. But still worth a 5 rating.
Cool I never get bored maybe a little bit but  always win its so cool
Perfect Only complaint is if u could make the o and q lil more distinct... But I mean I know my ABC s so not a big deal...perfect tho really 5 stars
Hang man very good game and Me and my friend's love this game And I play it in school and it's very fun so I will give it 5 Star
