Great game I can't stop playing but we need more fields please or an option to make the fields down on the bottom of the hill bigger
Best game ever I love this game I mean it's the best farming game on mobile device I have an Xbox 360 and farming sim 15 is the best at home farming game but this is the best mobile game good job  guys u made the best game I have on my phone
Love it I spend a lot of time on this game. I think that it would be better if it had a round baler and you had to move the bales with a tractor and flat bed trailors. Also I would like a Farmall M or H.
Love it Needs gooseneck cattle trailer and atv's and more John deer tractors and more big rig trucks and trailers        the blue single wheel don't have an exhaust needs one put on when is the next update looking for a dump truck dump bed gooseneck and able to hire workers and add the whole USA when are you up loading the next update. also looking for a small bumper pull trailer to haul the quad
Love it It is awesome but can you make it so you can hire workers so you can do something else to can you make it so you can make your own Field and a round baler a tractor with a bucket and something to pick up the bales and a flat trailer to hall them off and a backhoe have a mower to mow your grass have logging equipment make it so that the marker on the planters will lower add a bush hog to mow the grass
It could use a camper,manure truck,claas vehicles,more people so you can forage harvest,a bigger barn,a motorboat and a pond with a trail to it,with a Kenworth dump truck but great game and please,pretty please update it
Great game but Can you add multiplayer, and I think we should be able to have workers. And the map should be bigger. And we should have different weather and add night time to. Please read and respond. Thanks you guys
add more fields and cheaper prices and better graphics plz please reply t Mr Bowen and I am not complaining just a few suggestions and add a cotton picker or stripper and cotton can you reply back plz and let us do a pulling contest with our farm tractors and a gun store
Farming USA Very good game if only they could have put logging equipment in, it would be the best looking game ever.
Farming usa Please update soon Add a 1224 row no till kinzy planter, case ih magnums, a international 1086 with loader, John deere 4840 2wd with duals, john deere 4440, john deere 4240 with loader, round baler, bigger map, ability to bale straw, hay barn, and a new case ih combine
GOOD GAME Can please add more fileds and. An old ford flat bed service truck with fuel tank and tool boxes and Hazzard lights and beacons for the tractor and trucks and 4x4 on pickups and tractors.
Love it but few things You don't get enough money with corn. And I like the free fields and small world. Thanks for updates I have had no glitches so far. Maybe add helpers that u command what to do, so they don't go stealing machines and stuff Please reply. I love it. Keep on updating And its kinda hard to understand some things, like eviltaer or something. Maybe explain what it is better and make a big pic of it and explain what it does before I buy it Thanks. Reply 
Update Mr  it needs a update plz respond Need a tractor and loader and need working lights and binkens need it were u have to start the tractor and opening doors and climb up steps thanks abd it needs multiplayer  can u plz add a swather in game John Deere with the rell head and the rodry head this would be great if u put that in can u make it were u seves the equipment thanks if u can hey i paid money for this  game if u dont update i will dealt  update your freken game u jack but
Future update Mr. Bowen you are very creative and detailed with your games and I was thinking of asking can you think of putting a manure pit and a manure spreader in for future update and a loader to haul the manure into the manure spreader Would be the best and can you make a option to restore in app purchases Thank you Please reply back it would mean the world to get a answer, thank you
Love the game should and when planting make the rows look like rows  and add a twin row planter like a kinze and make it able to to unhook  the hay rack from the baler the game glitches my nook sometimes should update soon and should add a gas tank in the white truck and make it so there is an inside view of the white and red truck
Needs another update Please update this with more trailers haul horses more barns etc. This all would help with more ideas from others so plz f update it I appreciate it thanks have a nice day btw hope this helped
Awesomeness This game is awesome, but can you please add some truck that really sound like a disel truck, also add Steerling flatbed. Add new trucks,tractors,semis,trailers, farm equipment, escivater and, have a update to get the blue tank out of the back of blue truck thankyou for a great game to farm. I am a farmer
Awesome Mr bowen can you try to add a skidsteer and a lifted duramax please the game is awesome all bowen games are are awesome your the best game designer
Awsome game best farming game for android. But it would be even better if there was one of those new articulated red tractor but with tracs.
Please add more diesel trucks Great game but would like more variety in trucks like dodge cummins or chevy duramax
In the next update I think that they should put a flatbed truck and logging equipment update the game its starting to get boring
