Not as fast as a direct cable transfer but its close enough.  But the setup to begin connecting is significantly faster than trying to use the a file folder or windows explore for some reason.
Works, easy to use. For some reason the Nexus 5 doesn't let you transfer files with a USB or Bluetooth using Windows. It's supposed to but if you look online you'll see it's not easy. WiFi Transfer Pro makes it easy. Get the free version to see for yourself but the pro version costs less than a buck fifty so, yeah, it's worth it. For sure.
Excellent. Really easy to use and very reliable. Was a bit disappointed with transfer speeds around 0.9MBs but after I rooted my phone I suddenly got 3.5 MBs. Never had any trouble with this app.
Cool, but.. Everything worked fine until one day I decided to make this a system app odexing it along the way. Now every time I try to install this app from google play I get the insufficient storage error, although I have 300 megs of free memory.
Works perfectly Straightforward interface, simple setup, and it just works.  Not having to plug my Nexus 7 into my computer to do file transfers is great.
Solved my problem I was having one hell of a time trying to set up wireless file transfer. This app works great, installed easily and the Pro upgrade is very reasonable to allow the transfer of bigger files.
Works perfectly I had problems transferring files between my Toshiba laptop and my Motorola Razr Maxx using a USB cable. This app makes file transfer fast and easy. Well worth the price
Buying this software was my greatest investment ever Seriously ....  I don't have the capacity of giving enough thanks to the developers ... this pro version works like a charm , really happy to stick my usb cable to the charger only     PS Moving file from one directory to another isn't really easy , please have a look, although You guys will get 5 stars from me 
Great App Perfect app for me to use when transferring files between devices. No hoops to jump through. Just straight forward and easy 5 stars easy
Easy to use and powerful Quick and easy to use  just browse to the IP it sets up and tell it to transfer individual files or even folders to your device. Handy if you lose a cable or just prefer it this way. On average i get roughly 2mbs speed which is fast enough for most files, but the speed will vary depending on your wireless network.
Amazing App this app is awesome and stable and I love the smooth operation of it with my cell phone. Transfers my music and movies with no issues.... LOVE IT
File Transfer Pro This is a super bit of software which I use almost daily to transfer files from my PC to my various Tablets. It works flawlessly I have recommended it to all my friends on Android. It is easy to use even for a beginner like me and getting rid of the cable connection saves me having to hunt for it  Download it you wont regret it
Great little app... Love an app that doesn't have any learning curve. And, it just works, every time. Plus  I formerly used another WiFi file transfer app on my Galaxy tablet but the transfer speed was atrocious. It used SMB, so perhaps that was the problem, but the same app on my Galaxy S3 phone worked perfectly i.e. no speed issues. This app solved that problem on my tablet.
Worth It Excellent App You Wont Regret it Simple utility way better than Kies Air I couldn't get that stupid app to work no matter what browser I used. This app worked right off the bat no hitches Get it
Fantastic App  Works Fantastic . Just does what it says. So far I haven't found a better, smoother and an easier way to transfer files. PC  Laptop  Galaxy Phone Tablet or any other way around. Many additional functions built in. File previews are available. What could be better  Many thanks to authors.
Does What It Says On The Tin I am so impressed with this app it is difficult to put into words. I am having problems connecting via the USB cable but this little workhorse app has come to my rescue. I don't need any cables now, this is easier and faster. Thanks guys keep it up
Works great no more cables This app is great, transferring and managing files through wifi could not be easier
Great little app that actually works... My Nexus 7 kept dropping its USB connection, so was useless.. This little app saved the Nexus from being binned Works extremely well, the only downside is that I needed to install Chrome to get it working properly, but that is no real hardship..  It gets my vote
Does what it says on the box Works a treat. Easy to use, reliable, good stuff. Only small snag is it's one thing at a time, need to let one upload finish before starting another or the first one aborts. Not a problem, but I didn't notice any warning about that. Still five stars.
I use to find it so annoying to transfer music from my computer to my phone and this app has made it miles easier. Like others have the user interface is simple and easy and it has worked perfectly for the past couple of months. I ended up paying for it to send larger files which was worth it in miles. Awesome app. Would recommend it to anyone.
Hasn't failed me yet.  A bit slow because it's your wifi network instead of cables, but superreliable.  Keep up the good work
Solved my connectionfile transfer problems After wrestling with USB trying to upload files to my Galaxy S5, I saw this app in Google Play and decided to give it a try. SUPER EASY to use, and IT WORKS. The only problem I had, and I think it is related to DRM on music, I could not copy music to my SD card. Otherwise, everything worked fine.
For the Price It's worth every penny...always hated cable transfer too many problems, this solves all the problems and saves so much time. Transfer rate is amazing,  Must have app. Highly recommended.
