Great game But like other people said it takes several times to click until you touch a building plz make a update so that is fixed
Love this game I love this game but I think you need to make a new monkey TD game. I was thinking something that has levels. I thought that every 5 or 10 levels you got a new monkey. Some people might think its a stupid idea but I would like it.  . Please respond if you like the game or not.
It's great Look if you want less ads buy something this game is really awesome but I have 1 suggestion  I make is be able to see replays in the contested territory thx this so awesome
Great game I had a few glitches but after i restarted my tablet it worked perfectly. Don't listen to the reviews below they have a bunch of tablet issues. I used to play this on the computer few years ago and now i am getting back into it and i love it Thx monkeys
Love itD This game is so much fun to play I like thee way you need to have energy money and it can be a little annoying but I still love it D
Thought it was all IAP but proved wrong, one little issue though. Fantastic game and at first I thought I'd be pushed down with In App Purchases all day but I have an excess of Bloonstones now. One major issue that im currently having is that I cannot send out any more attacks for Monkey vs Monkey and I'm not even sure if my attacks have gone through. Not sure if this is a glitch or a design error and I hope to see it resolved soon.
Easy Bloonstones and the Collapsing Waves Well, bloonstones are now too easy to get which I'm okay with, but what does annoy me is the fact about MOABClass waves. These waves is what I consider collapsing waves because if you play it in autostart rounds, the waves go by really quickly, no matter what the stagebloon assault is. I'm not sure if it's a good thing, due to how it changes all the bloons to leads and above, none having camoregrow.
Great game I love building. I love popping. This is my game. My Stats Favorite Monkey Monkey Engineer, Favorite Bloon Attack on other players Como Regan Pain, Favorite Building Banana Farm, Favorite Upgrade Bloon Liquefier Glue Monkey What are your stats, fellow Bloons Monkey City players
Please Great game, I love it a lot But there's one thing that annoy me The location of the Monkey Boost and Red Hot Spikes buttons. I had 34 Bloonstones, and ingame I had to place some Road Spikes very quick. But I missed the Road Spike button, and used the Red Hot Spikes instead. Now I have 6 Bloonstones left,  because of this accident. I would be happy if the location of these buttons could be moved.
Great Game, best onoffline game I want to know if only ios players get the shipwreck cos i don't have it the bright territory but is in the dark territories where i can't capture. Or will we be able to unlock the dark territories
