Recommendations 1The game is wonderful but it would be great if you could add Bluetooth multiplayer option.  2To prevent players from playing safe and calling low , negative scores should be given if they get two more cards than estimated.
Good game Need improvement like chance up to 13 who will tell 8 Give bonus of 50, point and who will tell 10 and make will we winner and make circle on everyone will we the winner and make it online
Loved it Just 1 request ....8 call u will win  but here the game will keep goin on even tho your call is 8 or 9 or 10...and multi player is still not working properly I'm still stuck in user name ..please fix it
Nice app but need some new features and improvement  It's nice app. But need some new features like Bluetooth or WiFi multiplayer. Improve UI. However, thanks for this great app. Best wishes...
It's very beautiful. Hello Sir please change some item. Like facebook connect and kart change please reply sir if there you are.
Nice game It would be good if stats game wins, loss, total points can be stored and shared.
Awesome game but its need to more option connect with fb friends and many more option   its need to update plz.
Recom. Players quits imdiatly I don't kno why pleas ply some long
Its a awesome game but its multiplayer option doesnt work
Has a lot of room for improvements This aap has potential. It can be improved in various ways. Please read the suggestions from other people as I have the same concern. A Disallow people from quitting or devise some mechanism to discourage people from quitting whenever they want. B Improve server connectivity. C Allow users to find other users by their screen name. D Allow users to create their own room to play with friends or family.
I have rated it 5 star bt it will b awesome if u add the multi player function via bluetooth..
Call Break Its awesome time passing game.
Cocky instep Hebrews tugs gig trig tugs etc ft true riff tiredness CDs degeneracy vandals gunky schussing faking Haaaaaaaaafjfun sh h hook fetid
Great app Please introduce private room along with chatting.
GoodBut very good if multiplayer mode with WiFi connect
But Very less are playing very hard to get friends in multiplayer
If it adds bluetooth connection then it would be revolution in gaming
SANTOSH SINGH DIKKU DUMARI BUZURG CHAPRA BIHAR
