Awesome My baby girl was crying so I Decided to download an app. I saw this one, downloaded it and as soon as the app loaded it played the vaccum cleaner and she was out like a light I love it.
Not for my baby she's a toddler I can't deny that I like the Sea sounds, too. Thank you soooooo much I'm 35 years old and I'm sure they're great for babies because it's perfect for me to help me relax after a long and stressful day. 
After first opening the app I was very satisfied with this app,  maybe mostly because it worked more in getting me to sleep lol. Seriously though, it helped myself and baby sleep....ill give it a thumbs up  We've had dramatic results with the in utero sound but my fave is thesea.
Love it Love it I am 10 and I went to sleep with this app . My brother likes the shushI don't I like the music box he doesn't.
Great app This application helps my little girl go to sleep. She particularly loves the music box. With this on, her presleep crankiness is dramatically reduced. Good job guys
Wow AMAZING Thank you My baby loves it, she looks for the sound like it's familiar baby in belly sound...I love it then she does that oh man my eye lids are going down.
Really worked Used while driving to calm my baby grandson that was crying in the back seat and he fell right to sleep. I use another app, but will definitely try this one again... Love it
Baby Instant Sleep Absolutely love it I  usually would turn on the vacuum and leave it running for maybe 15 minutes, and she'd be out cold. Now I just choose a setting and set timer on,and let it work it's magic. I love it works wonders.  Olivia falls asleep every time and I have free hands. Her favorites the inside the uterus and vacuum sound. Genius
Worked like a charm My little Daughter is only four days old and she was fussing all through the night. I tried a few of the sounds it was 500 a.m. and as soon as I put on the train sound she was fast asleep by 505 a.m she slept soundly untill she was hungry again.
Life Saver My baby always cry in the middle of the night . and its so hard to make him stop but when i try this and play the uteru he suddenly just slept .. really helpful .. now i can sleep as my baby too
Active to zero My 9mth old was wide awake and sleep was far away even though it was bedtime. After 10 mins of this app he was gone Thanks 
Best app ever This app seriously does what our says. Puts my baby girl right to sleep as soon as I turn it on. Especially the womb noises. Perfect app
Awesome app Love it. My LO likes it. She doses of quickly and when crying I start this she immediately stops crying. Recommend strongly.
Sleepy baby I love this app and use it every night I'll turn it on and rock my baby to sleep and she loves it as do I. I also love that when it the sound turns off it doesn't just abruptly end, the noise gets quieter and quieter until it's off. It's really lovely
Love it Was trying out the various sounds and my baby refused to sleep. But once I turned to In Utero he dozed off almost immediately.
LOVE THE SHUSH I have searched for a shush sound for my colicky baby...he responds to this and a vacuum noise when he is inconsolable after being fed, dry diaper, burped. I LOVE this app, because Shushing can be tiring after so long I also love how when the timer gets close to cutting off, the noise tappers off quietly instead of instantly stopping. My baby responds almost instantly with the sounds. Thank you
Amazing I put the car sound on for my 5 month old daughter and she went straight to sleep. Usually i have to fight to get her to go to sleep. This app is amazing Not only does it help her go to sleep it also helps me go to sleep too
Destinna bell I tried a few different sounds on the app and nothing seemed to soothe him until i put it on car ride. Before I knew it he was fast asleep.I was in shock because honestly i just wanted to test it and I wasnt looking for results but what I got was even better...happy sleeping baby. Good luck
Wonderful concept True implementation of white noise. Comes in handy when baby gets cranky.
Absolutely amazing This is one of the best apps I have downloaded yet as it comes with many wonderful helpful features to soothe your child. So far my 2 month old twins seem to love the 'In Utero' sound feature along with the musicbox and sea options as well. I would recommend this app to anyone first time mom, experienced father, know it all grandparents, etc.
Love it.. Great app works amazing helped my 2 month old stay calm till he fell asleep on his own
Baby musical is amazing First time user of this app and its wonderful when I'm tired I just turn it on and both me and baby fall asleep in about 510 mins great keep up the good work thank you
Yes my baby asleep So happy I found this app. I was desperate. I just wish I didn't had to purchase the app for longer times. The music box did it for my baby.  But in 15mins it did the job. Happy mommy here 
This app is one of the best things in my life I have tried a ton of different apps and mp3s but by far this is the very best.  I used the free version for a few weeks before I decided that I owed the app team at LEAST two dollars for all the joy it brought me    plus, in the paid version you can switch between sounds without waiting 5 seconds, no ads, and you can have it play for hours at a time vs. 30 minute max.  THANK YOU
Great  Awesome app, my little girl calms down as soon as we start playing the heartbeat. Baby's daddy and i both have the app. Thanks 
Works like a dream My baby hates travelling in the car so I simply connect my phone to the radio via Bluetooth and play the shower sounds for him. He instantly calms and then goes asleep. Thank you.
soothes my baby wonderfully I have a colicky baby and it gets worse around 5pm every night. Well, as my baby was having one of his inconsolable fits, I decided to install this app. I started the vacuum cleaner sound and he instantly got quiet. It calmed him down right away, and then he fell asleep First time ever using this app and I am already impressed
Simply Amazing Iv have tried many sound apps to help my 4 month old  daughter Lilly go to sleep at night. This one works Love it. Rob DavisSioux Falls, SD
Great app Always helps relax my baby so that she can go to sleep. The vacuum cleaner relaxes puts my baby to sleep instantly. I definitely recommend if you have a fussy baby.
amazinggggg my 6 week old's tummy wasn't feeling well on account of an allergy  has been fussing  whining all day. the second I started playing the music box he stopped  started smiling  just calmly listened. he's still calmly listening  smiling  falling asleep as we speak. this was the first time I've seen him smile for a reason, all other smiles have been random thank you guys so much for this app.  as soon as I get a little , I'll buy the unlock just to support.
Very helpful The shush n music box are my favs The repetition of sound helps my baby go to sleep easily. Of course you have to create the atmosphere too, n feed the baby to full, rock him a little, rest the app does 
