So convenient This app is great. Not only can I view local movie theaters a b d see trailers. I was able to purchase movie tickets for my daughter who lives out of state and have her pick them up there.
Quick and easy Love this app I can order tickets with ease. It's quick, accurate and painless. A great way to surprise my family with a trip to the movies with less hassle.
Love this App This app makes it so easy to get tickets for movies like the opening of Hunger Games this weekend without having to wait in line My husband and I used our giftcard on the app, specifically for Fandango which was so great and easy as well I would highly recommend this app to anyone 
Very useful app I use this app for almost every movie I go to. It's easy to find theaters near your location and to find movie times. It's also a snap to log in and purchase tickets. The only down side is the stupid convenience fee Guess everyone needs to make a buck. But that's not really a reflection on this app. By the way, I love that Fandango now refunds or exchanges your tickets if you can't use them minus the convenience fee Awesome
So easytouse App its convenient easy to use. Even if you make a mistake you can get the credit to your fandango account or credit card
Easy Cheesey Easy to use, fast, reasonable convenience fee and the best part is you can use as a guest...no need to sign up for yet another account.
Best app Able to buy movies tickets before they sell out quickly
This most amazing app ever I am a frequent movie goer and this app saves time and hassle. I don't see how we ever survived without it Life Saver
FAST, EASY Even got to pick our seats and reserve them, right from my phone. Can't get much better than that Maybe get rid of the convenience fee
Easy to use The app is great, very straightforward and easy to use with a gift card.
No Maybes Love this app. My husband can never make up his mind. Now I just by the tickets ahead and he says ok.
Easy and convenient Bought my tickets in less than a minute. And now I can just have them scan the barcode on my phone without having to print out any tickets 
Great App A few clicks and the tickets are ready at the theater when you get there. Never miss tickets to anticipated sell outs again.
Quick and easy I love how easy it is to get movie tickets. There's no long line to wait in and I don't even have to leave my house to get the tickets. Great for premier movies also.
Great app I love this app it's great for avoiding not bring able to see a show cause it's sold out, I never had a problem with it.
Great app I have had no issues getting tickets or finding movie information.
So Easy Thanks for this app. It's way easier and more functional than the Website. We love being able to plan our movie experience ahead of time or on the way to the theater.
It is what it is, Efficient, easy interface to use, and now I have tickets for Star Wars and I get to skip the line. Thanks Fandango
Easy Peasy I haven't had to buy tickets at any theater for a long time thanks to Fandango
My theater has recliners so this app is beyond awesome when it comes to reserving my seats.
Handy and simple to use Super convenient and easy to use. One of the few apps I don't think I'll ever find an excuse to get rid of.
Quick and easy No lines easy transactions. Makes life so simple.
This app makes me look good Last minute specialist to preorder QUEEN
LOVE THAT RPX Use the app to buy our tickets and pick our seats at the Regal Cinema.
