Great Game This is the best mobile tennistable tennis game I've played. My only complaint is they count a lot of unforced errors as forced. If I whiff a slow moving ball, its not because the computer hit a good shot
Awesome and entertaining game Realistic experience, great sound and overall awesome game. Kudos to developer.
Addictive Haven't put it down much in the past few days. I play when I have an idle 5 minutes and this is the perfect way to spend them. Excellent graphics,and everything runs smoothly.Running in a Nexus 6 The challenges keep it fresh when you don't feel up to a standard game. And the games themselves are quite challenging,with the ability to increase the difficulty to suit your tastes. I can't recommend this game to anyone enough. You guys really knocked this one out of the park
Best ping pong game EVER Hands down, the greatest. Constantly has me swearing at nothing, slamming my fist down, kicking the air, and all because I missed a swing or a serve For some reason this keeps me coming back time after time, and it's just fantastic Get this game now
Awesome Great game. Amazed at how accurate and easy it is to play. Not easy like unchallenging, but easy to control.
A great dev  game rewarded. The excellent attitude of this dev is to be commended. With a focus on customers vs. greed and an offer of a refund, I again decided to reinstall the app  although a previous reinstallation had not worked. This time however, it did. I've lost my game progress, but have an excellent game back. So from an initial 4 stars, then down to just one, the total package of product  service now easily deserves 5 stars. Thank you
One of the best games I played so far Amazing game with great customer support Running smooth on my Xperia Z3 Compact.
Great game Edit 211115 Thanks for the reply. Just finished the career mode with around 348,000 R's. But I am still at World Champ level. Now how do I achieve King Pong
A fun and polished experience Solid game mechanicscontrols, presented very well. Fun, challenging at times, but very easy to pick up. Haven't managed to find an online match opponent, but can't blame the devs for that.
A hundred stars The best game i ever played. Thank you very much
multiplayer fix it.  half the time it doesn't find me an opponent and then it just hangs.  mipad
Impressive game Surprisingly polished and well done Much better than the usual quality of mobile games.
Finally, a good table tennis game. Superb graphics, excellent gameplay mechanics. You listened and added multiplayer. In a couple of halls light is really hiding the ball during opposition returns, so I always see it too late. You have to do something about it.
HTC one m7 Bugs needs to be fixed...rest about the game and physics great...never seen before
Great This game is great Good graphics, excellent gameplay, and zero lag on galaxy s5. Recommend to everyone
Loved it Great game. As i play it on a small screen it looks a bit tough. But other than this the game is really perfect. Thank you yakuto for making a game like this.
Great game Great table tennis. 1 for this game is a steal. Mine recommendations.
Seriously awesome This game is ridiculously good. I can't put it down. It can be frustrating at times but it feels so good when you finally conquer that one tournament.
Someone finally got it Best ping pong so far.
Wow.....amazing game This game has everything you could want in a table tennis game. Except I don't see anywhere to buy new stuff. Should be a system in place to make money and buy new stuff. BUT I just started so maybe there is. Either way graphics are amazing and so is gameday. Thank you
I didn't know I liked table tennis Good fun, challenging play, top game. Love it.
Epic Love this game. Smooth and addictive
Superb Excellent game working perfectly highly recommended.
Awesome If you like ping pong, this game is dynamite
