Cheat code for this game If u want a epic monster at the start of a new game, follow these directions. When u 1st start a new game, log in with facebook, it only works if your account is linked so after u reach the 6th goaldefeat 4 frost monsters, which takes about 15 minutes to complete, a blank window pops up to enter a cheat code. Enter cheat code     to0vv5      enjoy your ultimate grab And you're welcome
Best game ever I love the way u can hav pet and level them up to strong beast
Very attractive game. Yes they have some challenges, like it is really take a time to get in. But overall I will give them five stars. Looking forward for improvement.
This game is just... Unbelievable I love this game. It is so fun, how you can catch and battle monsters against pretty much anything. The quests are great, I feel like I am playing a console game that's how amazing it is
Cheat code to get free amazing monsters First, install the game and play through the introduction. Then register yourself with facebook. Fight against 4 or 5 freeze monsters on a quest and when they ask for a code, type this zsyl1n and youll get a free monster
New pokemon If you loved the action , choose your monster , arena and that kind of thing this is for you. I have enjoyed this more then I thought I would. Don't hesitate to spend any money it's fun anyway but you won't regret it either way.
Great team game for longterm play If you like all those Candy Crush style games, check Battle Camp out It's has that pokemon style of creatures and elements, events, PvP, teams Troops, and so much more. B                                                                    Ronee It's not pay to win. longterm strategy and research are the key. Paying makes it easier, as it does for all games, but it's not necessary in Battle Camp to win.
That Was Very Cool I've played this mobile game before when my nephew Skylar added this game. So now I've got 30 energy's and I've also got moon crystals to show everyone around. Well I'm sticking with five stars for the best game possible
Awesome Its a great game...but sometimes cheaters cheat in it.. but overall its enjoyable
BEST GAME EVER When I first looked at this game I was a little skeptical about it but after I installed it I learned it was great fun. You should download it too.
Good game Mixed up of pokemon and digimon. ....but truly a nice game.....want offline mode in next update. .....one more thing,  this game is playable only in 3G connection. ......make it playable on 2G also.....anyway, nice game
Fantastic I this game is well built, and seriously addictive Keep up the amazing work. As for those bitching about the energy, you realise they give It to you every 7 minutes right
