Excellent Quirky and fun.  Good to go back to and try again. EDIT still great, but the latest update has made the menu where you select bears very laggy. Sometimes you click a bear, it doesn't select so click again and it takes both clicks and deselects it again  Samsung S6
Hmmm new updatemixed feelings Suddenly on chapter 9 I can't attempt the boss because I haven't completed the Challenge event for that level. Forcing me to do the Challenge is a bit backward.
Smart and fun I really am enjoying this game. It's a cute game and also really makes you think. Only bad thing is when I exit the game my screen just goes black. Hopefully it gets fixed because if not I'll probably delete it since its like really annoying. Other than that, no complaints.
Sweet Fun and challenging on some of those timed puzzles. Like the whole bear perks and levels. Wondering what the replay value is of the earlier levels though since the later levels I dont seem to use the earlier bears except the time bonus ones.
So cute I love word games like this, and the varying difficulties, level themes, and varieties of bear combos make it stand out. The art style, animations, sounds, and interface are polished and appealing. If you like word games andor cute things, you gotta play this game.
If you love words as much as me... This game is great I've been with it forever I love all the cute little bears and I've encouraged my entire family to play it however I have some complaints about the new coin system. While it's nice to be rewarded for playing I miss the reward after each game. It was much better. If somehow you can incorporate both I would be ecstatic.
Please fix the fact that it makes my phone crash when I close the app. My screen will turn black and it won't turn back on for a few minutes until it asks me if I wanna close the app manually
Engaging, Addicting... and Pretty Dang Weird. They are kind of creepy to see the bears all stretched out when they grow. This game is WEIRD. And for SOME reason completely enchanting. Love it
Honestly, it's perfect I love this game  it's so well made, well thought out and well animated. Keep it up guys.
Addicts stay away If you get really addicted to games, keep away. This will suck you in and will not let you go. Great game with cute bears.. Why do they have to be so cute
Fun and adorable I love this game. It runs well, the bears are super cute, it's the right amount of challenging
Alphabet makes me happy Highly amusing. The little things the bears say after you beat a level can be hilarious. For example, I just got I'm a rash bear. The kind that sex and like doing it xD
Soon fun Some of the accepted words are a bit weird... but it is a great, cute, fun, smart game 
Great game Love passing the time. If it wasn't so fun, it would probably be a little too cute for me. But, it matters little cause it's just that fun. This will be a good review for anyone who fancies word games.
Better than Scrabble This speaks to the English major in me. And helps on long BART rides.
Recent update broke the game. Great game.  I'm unable to play now due to a cumulative score rollover bug, but the great Spry Fox team is on top of it.  I look forward to being able to play once again.
So much fun An app that is educational, and completely addictive Love it I have recommended this app to seven people, and have only had it for a day.
Funny and Interesting This game is definitely a favorite. I love the concept of it and everything. It also works a lot better than most of the other apps I've played. So this one is for sure a keeper and will be recommended by me any day of the week.
Love it Keeps getting better. there r no intrusive ads its fun cute and very enjoyable so thumbs up if u like word games i recommend this. My only suggestion would b more achievements.
