My 2 year old loves it. Just wish I could set it up where he can't back out of it
My 16 month old daughter loves this game tied with Sago Mini Friends. It's so simple and a great first app for little ones. One touch opens the barn and there's a new animal every time complete with animation and sound. The children's voices in the app are adorable and I think they make it more fun for her. She usually only has the patience to go one or two times through, but that's perfect for me
Perfect for my 19 month old Simple.  No ads.  Low dexterity required. Good selection of animals.  Apropriate art for the age group.  The spoken voice can be changed too.
Love this Great app for little ones, can change the voice,can keep my daughter interested for quite a while and I love that she tries to copy the animal names and her giggles when certain animals pop up lt3
Great app My kids love it and it doesn't have any annoying ads
My 15 month old love this We do this every night and at the end the barn animals are sleeping and that's our sign that's it's time for him to go to bed too He just hears the children's voices and starts grinning Love love love this app
Awesome app for my 1 year old.
My son loves it playing it the whole time 
My son goes crazy for this app. He loves it .
18 month old daughter loves it
Both my grandkids love it.
Awesome Both my 1.5 year old and 3.5 year old boys love this app
Great My 2 year old loves it
Great Love it
Works again now it's been updated Last update seems to have fixed the issues with this app. No more vanishing barn and my daughter is now happy again One feature I would love is to enable immersive mode to avoid accidental presses of the home buttons
Cute My daughter 18 months has been playing this game for the last half an hour. My only complaint is the child's voice that narrates the game prounonces words incorrectly. This is not ideal for language development. Ex. sheep is seep. Cute but not helpful with teaching children their animals.
Love it So happy that it's on android now. My wife has had it for a while on iPhone. Now that we have two kids it's nice having it on both phones. It's also wonderful at teaching. My son barely speeks but he can sure say his animal names
Life saver Always calms down my two nephews when they get their sugar highs
Really well done It's simple but very well done. Our 14 month old loves it.
Perfect and simple My son loves it. He's 10 months old and knows how to use it and already started mimicking the sound of some animals. The only I would add is a blocking system to avoid his little hands exit the app so easily
Love. This was my son's first app at around 14mo. He's almost 2 and still loving it.
Awesome game My twin two year old daughters love this gamekeeps them occupied for awhile.
My 2yrs old loves it 
Love it This is a great app, my granddaughters love it
My kiddos love it
Super Cute
Love My kids love this app
Finally on par with iPhone version. Only feature lacking is the ability to flip the screen with phone orientation. Not a major bug. EDIT Added in latest update.
Great app My grandkids love it
