A fun little rhythm game that quickly got me addicted I even had to try the calibration minigame several times just to prove to myself that I could get an A
Great Game Quick loading, I instantly starts you over when u fail.  No waiting.... A good reality check for the rhythm impaired
The only game on my phone I have deleted all the others.   Clever mechanic and visuals. Fun and addictive, great to share with people. frustrating enough to keep you playing and fun enough enough of a skill barrier to keep you coming back.   any time i need a 510 min break this is the only game I need.
Love it Love the game, love the music. Played it on pc and still do but bought it to support the maker. My only problem so far is the calibration screen, it always marks me a bit past half beat even though i hit it perfect. I am using an LG G1, maybe it's a phone problem. PC has no problem. If your phone can handle it, very addicting PS I'm a drummer.  Edit The dev was more than happy to contact and get into contact with me about the issue, gotta love devs that care about their software
Beast to play,  but so much fun Love this game  It's simple but oh so challenging  I wish there were more levels   This game isn't for the faint of heart.  or people who can't keep a rhythm like me.  There's something so wonderful about this game that keeps me coming back.  FIVE STARS  Great job.  I'd pay good money if there was a sequel
Love it This game is amazing, it takes me back to the days of playing rock band everynight. I like that it's throwing odd rhythms at me that I don't normally hear in music too. My only problem is that I get little lag spikes every once in a while, does anyone know a fix for this I've tried stopping all background apps and it still happens, just enough lag to mess me up  Edit I'm using a galaxy S5 if it helps, also really hoping this gets updated in the future, nice work dev
Awesome As others have said, I played on browser but bought anyway to support. Also, I would like to get in touch with the developer for some questions, as this topic is my masters thesis.
This game is like a 1 minigame version of Rhythm Heaven I love EVERY minute of this. It is so fleshed out, even though it has a one button control. Amazing for a great cost.
Amazing I absolutely love it, really addicting game One of the best rhythm game I have ever played, I'm waiting for new updates to come, in the mean time I am stuck at 3X 1.1x. Can you add like maybe easy mode or something because it gets really challenging. other than that, fun experience. 65
Great game Getting an A on the calibration tool was a bit of extra fun. However I feel that the buttons on the screen could be smaller, and the calibration number a little bigger. Overall it was quite short and I'm looking forward to more worlds or other game modes too.
Perfect I play this game when I have a bad day or struggle with something. It reminds me that there are things in life I am worse at.
Great game Light fun and addicting gameplay
Update 292015 Now that I have a newer phone, it shows that my old phone was undesirable for this game, but it ran decently anyways and I was able to stage 3. Great developer, great port.
Gr8 game I used to play it all the time on my pc, and I've never stopped loving it.
Awesome game Just playing this game on the web and I fell in love with it. Instant buy when I know that I can play this on my phone
Please update overall UIs and colorings They make this awesome game cheesy.
Amazing Very enjoyable game . I hope that you will add more levels .
I'm in love lt3
Great simple idea I love it, the new calibration feature makes it a lot easierfairer although it may just be covering up my lack of rhythm p
Fantastic rhythm game This really deserves more attention it's very unique and loads of fun. I have encountered lag and audio desynchronisation, but this is only because I'm using an older device, so it's to be expected.
Great music, a fast pace and lots of fun, which makes it easy to get drawn in.   Had enough fun for it to be an easy 5 stars to give, but this game clearly has lots more potential for future updates.  Best 60p spent on an app in a long time.
Awesome This game deserves much more attention then its getting
challengig yet incredibly addictive simple yet very addictive, I like how it flows and you have to always pay attention to the beats to keep on going.  keep it up 55
Addicting as it is broken Works great now, keep it up
Addictive Simple, addictive and challenging to play. 55 recommend
Fantastic One of the best rhythm games on the play store right now, the music is good and the gameplay is new. 1010
