Totally addictive As soon as you get the paid version, the level of difficulty starts climbing it is  well worth it. Lots of fun, and I can't put it down Also, granny's sound effects absolutely hilarious
Grrrreat Well worth buying, never fails to start, challenges to test your patience and skills, love it best game thus far. Just completed both normal and hard levels collecting perfect score, 3apples and beating the thief, much satisfaction 
I LOVE THIS GAME I'm hopelessly addicted. Fast paced, simple, exciting Requires a certain amount of skill as well. Couldn't ask for more. Y'all nailed it with this one Can't get enough.
Great This is a really good game the graphics are good and every level gets a little harder but no so hard you just entirely give up on it plus the sound effects are kind of funny when you mess up or when you throw a base ball and kinda makes a ghuh noise.
OMG This thing was totally worth the money. So simple yet increases your skill every level. Not only is it fun but the graphics and sound effects make me crack up every time.
Brilliant, needs more levels This is a great game, well worth the purchase price for the full version. Gets harder and harder, but not so much that you give up and never play it again. Graphics are beautiful and smooth, later stages have some really inventive obstacles. It does need more levels though.
Wildly Fun This game is very simple, engaging, and super fun The graphics are stellar. Very crisp and clean, smooth and fluid. A great time sink. A must buy. One of the best casual games on the market. Highly recommended.
HILARIOUS FUN Best game available LOL I am so hooked on this game it's so funny  well made creative inventive best game ever attention to detail spot on  very talented guys  Thank you for the chuckles  
Very good game It is a very good game. I love this game and it is good if you want to play . But sometimes it freezes while playing otherwise it is a very good game . I have played all mediocre games like smashhit and srinkles island but I like it more then them . In the photos it might not look bvery good but when you will play it, you will love it . Good game . 5 stars
Charming Mediocre needs more recognition.  They consistently produce fun, engaging, charming titles,  this is no exception.
Perfect mobile gaming Love this game and beat the whole thing twice on two different devices. Feels super fluid with great controls and physics. Level progression is just right and the level design is super original.
Fun Well worth the . Skip the trial and buy now First game I've paid for in over a year. Fun, funny, easy but challenging and fresh. Just a cool game. Nice job, Mediocre.
Awesome This game is so fun and super easy I love when you get to crash her into things super fun 100100
Awesome stunt game  This game is simply superb I have had hours and hours of fun with it. Granny is super cute and you will laugh when she falls Game becomes challenging as you progress through it A Must Buy for all types of gamers. Developers I demand a sequel
A lot of fun Runs smoothly and is fun and addictive. Love it
Nothing mediocre about it I suck at these games, but when I saw this one I knew I wouldn't care. It's beautifully animated, visually awesome, the entertainment value in just playing it defies description. It's worth way more than they're asking for it
Heaps of fun From the sound effects to the infuriating later levels, the game is highly polished well worth the purchase price and your time. Treat yourself
Too much fun Awesome game. It has great graphics and its just easy enough to play. It has enough challenge to make you want to keep playing. What's really cool is how you can see your runs on replay.
Fun The hardest thing about this game is trying not to laugh out loud at Granny 's noises D
As soon when you get the paid version it's worth it.there's more. Action. More cool
Great fun Needs progress sync enabled as I play on both my tablet and phone.
So different I love this game, even better with the full version. Its worth the money. Graphics are amazing, etc. Just really really really wish that you can add more levels
I love granny smith the part I do not like is the space part but I manage to beat every level so yahhhhhh
Fab This app was amazing your levels were great.   But the only thing is when you finish theres no more level
Great Game Granny Great game with lovely graphics. Granny's acrobatics are good fun and you can admire the scenery on the way Some parts can be quite tricky to master but great when you finally achieve them. Waiting hopefully for Granny Smith 2
