My daughter loves it Excellent App, my daughter could recognize and pronounce words very quickly. It is her favourite App. Thanks for creating such useful App for kids.
Great for toddlers My 2 year old loves these games. It keeps her entertained well in the car, at the doctor, or anywhere else we need. Plus it's educational.
Very clear, good pictures, perfect sounds
My soon to be 2 yr old loves this app. He knows almost every animal and recognizes them quickly when we see them in person. He loves that he knows what it is when he actually sees it. Good work Worth the money for full version. Excellent learning tool
Simple and Perfect This app is very well designed and delivers exactly what I was hoping.  Pictures, sounds, quiz, simplicity.  No crazy popups.
Great for young kids. My son spent ages playing this app.
Loved it It has a very clear pictures and sounds. It is worth the money.. My 2yrs old girl learns bout animals though we never seen it personally.
Thumbs up Daughter loves it and can now answer all the questions correctly. She is 2
Great flashcards Glad I found these apps.  Great pictures, sounds, the teachers voice.  Everything I was looking for.
Great for kids My baby lives it and mimics the sounds
very good since my daughter loves animals
Fantastic Perfect for my 2 years old baby.
Love it
I love it
Great My little one loves this solo much
Great for my kids My kids love this app
mind blowing app v  v v use full for child ..well don
Love this app My little one learned alot of her animals thanks to this app Best app purchase I have ever done
Nice
Asif Nice application for kids
Great App
 Good one thanks a lot
Amazing My 3 yr old daughter loves this app So glad I bought the full version Fun to listen to all the sounds of the animals and learn them as well.
My son learned his animals and takes the quiz . He learned them fast at 1yr old  great learning app
Love This app is amazing my 2 year old daughter LOVES LOVES LOVES it
Father This is a grate way to learn about animals your child will love it if they like animal like we do. B
My daughter loves this app. Great entertainment and learning
Very educational Brought my 18 month old on leaps and bounds.
My son loves to play this
Good
My 2 year old loves it Real pics really help
A short lesson and a test Simple and effective
Excellent app Great for kids
Best animal app ever Love this app The two toddlers I take care of love all the animals and their animal sounds. Its very easy to use and even has a quiz at the end of each group of animals to see if the child can recognize each animal. Best app for toddlers and preschool age kids
My daughter is 2 and loves this app.  She has learned so much from it.
