My favorite music service Spoify is by far the best music service.  Only complaint is on both my work phone and my personal phone.  When I disconnect Bluetooth it continues to play music through my phone's speakers
Great app except for load time, ugg Much slower again, takes AGES to load, and I leave the app open. Tons of songs play silent until I restart them a few times. Really annoying. Best music app. Definitely worth paying for premium. EXTREME sound quality setting
LOVE IT lt3  It is the best music service ever   I would not get any other music downlowder.  Only thing I wish you got premium for free and not pay anything.   
Still number one 110214 Only music app I will use.  112415 had a few problems customer service answered everyone of my emails fixed my account good as gold still best place for music a year later.
Totally worth it I was having an issue with my account and they were quick to remedy the situation within the hour. Great selection of music and worth every penny if you go premium.
Awesome  I love this app its the best well the ads get in the way but I don't mind at all. Best app ever for music better than Google music and other apps I gareentee you that you'll love it as much as I am
Best music app. I listen to a lot of music, and I mean a lot. So all the features of this app definitely pay for themselves for 10mo. Not to mention the actually playing of music files is more stable and seamless than any other music player you can get, especially the horrible default android player. Gapless playback is awesome. I do run into a few blips here and there but they're not often enough to be a significant annoyance.
Good This app is very very good. Its best with premium pack but u can only do it for a week then I have to pay stitch is not good and I neek WiFi and u can only listen to songs for 30mins then I can't skip them but out her than that I'd give it 10 stars if I could
Fantastic app and student is awesome Switched from Google Play Music because the app was a complete mess and the subscription was less expensive on Spotify Student. Don't regret it one bit.
Best Streaming Music App I got 6 months free Spotify when I got my galaxy note 5 from Samsung and I had never used the service before I was amazed at what was provided and will continue to pay for the service when my free 6 months is up.
I'd say it's a must have app. Simple to use and the choice of music is insane. Plus as a student with little to no cash afford premium doesn't put a strain on my wallet.
