Great for kids to use This app is so simple. It doesn't have a bunch of complicated features, which is great for little kids who love to click. There's a menu with pictures for choosing shows, and there's buttons to pause, and skip forward or back. My toddler loves it and I love that you don't have to pay for a subscription, and that you can buy your kids' favorite episodes.
Awesome Love it, just wish there were more full episodes.  My son LOVES Daniel Tiger.  I just think you should have more full episodes than the clips.  Awesome other than that.
I love it I love it my 3 month old daughter loves to watch curious George as do I. Great app
It's absolutely marvelous Thank you for finally making free pbs kids for mobile this will definitely keep my 2 year old buys while I shop
Amazing app My almost two year old LOVES this app. It's super easy for her to navigate through and no ads pop up for a child to click on. I highly recommend this app
My son loves it My son loves the PBS kids app. He is able to see all of his favorite shows where ever we go and I love that they are all educational.
PBS kids Daughter loves all the shows. They don't ask for money. I can't think of another app that's  truly free and has so content.
My daughter loves this This app is a lifesaver. It always works well and has the latest episodes.
Awesome U don't even have to put your info in and I got it for my self and I'm 11
If I could do that for every day that would work Dear me this game is going to be great
My toddler can't live without PBS Thank you for such great programming
Great app Love that I can sit with my baby girl and watch her favorite shows anywhere... Love it
Great My kid watch this all day and not even notice not even notice I'm watching A loud movie.
Great I have to download this because I got to watch my favorite movie
I love it for my brothers so  they leela fghfkglgjddgadkrosiajaksggdlosjfzk,.9869mv b nvjfuf           Huhhooojhffgg
Love I have this on my iPad now I decided to put it on my new phone
Love love love it Love it so much you can watch ANY PBS  show YOU want Any thing at all  Word Girl, Sesame Street, Curious, George, Angelina 
Really Great How can we complain about free apps Thanks for the free educational based app Also thank you for not requiring any permissions I wish i could give an extra star for that fact alone 
My son loves this app My 22 month old son loves this app  he can navigate it on his own on my phone and his tablet. I also love this app because  its age appropriate cartoons and learning cartoons.
PBS KIDS VIDEO My Grand children love it so much
PBS Kids Video My grandson loves Curious George.
Great My two year old boy love's this app
