Score more As the game progresses it's the color which makes it difficult to identify...  Realized color  also plays a role...
Yes I love this game but there's  one problem  when it gets to the  second  word it freezes up really  bad please fix this problem  right or I will just have to Uninstaller it. Thanks
Fun and quick Great game.  One problem  recent update causes game to freeze about 15 seconds in. Galaxy S5 on 10515
Creative Concept A very creative concept makes this game very unique and different from many others, it thus stands out amongst most 'word' games and attracts people to try the game. Addictive and innovative 55
Simple, straightforward fun While the timer does make it more challenging, the ticking down does rattle me and then when time is up I'm mad for not seeing an obvious word. I'd like an untimed option where it's game over when, say, you guess twice incorrectly on the same word. But you can't have everything  it's a free game that offers no pressure to buy boosts so you can progress, and it works offline. Win though that's only three letters.
Four word ...love tthe game itis funn help pass tthe time keep mymy self busy
Love it My whole family like to play this game, each with their own device...  try to beat each other's score... Good way to learn new vocabs..
Awesome game This is a really good game. Starts easy and then really tests your abilities. I recommend it strongly.
Lots of fun There are times I play this game for a few minutes at a time and other times when I look up and it's been an hour.
Cool stuff Amazing concept. The time factor puts some excitement into the game.
Addictive I really enjoy playing this game. It's simple but the time aspect keeps it fun Love that they're not all simple words either.
Nice game but I would suggest that the developers would add a multiplayer option
Great game Fun, challenges me, the further you go the  faster you have to think
Great game This game is awesome I live it plus it's free
Four Is timed so it help your brain to function faster.
Kudos You guys did good with the reward tactic to keep the players. Not to mention, the game is fun. Kudos c
