Eat, work,playing highly addicted Love da gameplay and graphic design well best game for Android 100 free play everyday on hour if u can this is the key to help u grow in Power
Amongst the BEST Lots of fun. The only problem I have is I can't stop playing
Android tablet Cool game....meet cool people....a few problems like keyboard not working alot ....only major negative is that our zone has shrank since day one...not enough new people joining...hopefully zvz helps ....would be better if we could jump from zone to zone whenever we wanted. But overall i have had alot of fun playing it.
I used to play GOW. I moved over because it allowed me to be competitive without spending money. As a programmer and technical person myself this game has been the best RTS game on a mobile device so far. My advice to tap4fun would be dont get greedy like MZ did and make it all about money.   Your Updates are amazing yes they come with their bugs but so far when you update it is for good and you give gifts that go above and beyond when your servers are down. Thanks for a good time.
Great social game You will make friends AND enemies... Use ba591566428d to get rewards...
Brilliant A bit buggy but it is very well made and should definitely be higher rated.. You make your own fun here and that's a good thing D
Awsome I can't chat in any of the chats. Guild chat and zone chat doesn't work.. Plz fix.. I can't communicate with guild
Must full feature This game awesome but i hope adding full feature in war animation
Amazed and Satisfied i played a lot of games just like this one,and some are good but this one is the best..im a new player and as of now i am enjoing the nature of this game...so, that's all for now surgent,i need to execute a mission. lt3 JWD job well done sirs.
New review This my new review the game have its up and down almost like a relationship lol. So far as of right now its great. Few days ago I can't log in till t4f help me out. Thanks
Good Customer Service Game was bugging and not letting me in I contact T4F and they updated the game ASAP so I could play again, overall I'm happy
Ehacker Theres a hacker in zone 88 he is 77 mil we think hes hacking because who would spend that much money
Addictive Once you get to know how the game works it gets quite addictive.
Invasion  Modern Empire Caper Cher your EDIMEASE
GREAT I had a problem and they came and fixed it so now I do get the rewards thank you guys and this is such an amazing game idk how it could get any better
