Why so few installs This is a wonderful wordlogic game. I'm amazed that more people haven't installed this. It's well worth a couple bucks.
Adictive, fun, and enjoyable I started with the lite or free version and found that I really enjoyed it  as did my wife she did several.  If you like or love crossword puzzles, this app is for you   My 8 and 9 yo's play with me and I am seeing an improvement in their reading and spelling didn't see that coming.  Though a little hard for that age group, who can argue with the results.  I hope you enjoy this as much as I do.
Great puzzle app, worth paying for It's a fun fillin word game, appropriately challenging on the hard levels without being impossible,  fun to bang through on the easy levels. If you get stuck, there are hints that will give you a little help or a lot, your choice. The Lite version let me give it a proper preview  know I'd want the full version, which I'm glad I bought. Nicely done.
Lovely Nice way to while away time during break. Progress is easily monitored and mistakes checked. I love the game.
Straight forward app. Easy to use, no annoying ads, lots of different level puzzles
Great for all ages This game will help children as well as the older of us to keep our minds occupied thank u
Codewords LOVE this game.  Easy to use and its an easy game also.  I want something fun and easy to play that I can pick up and put down on breaks.  Relaxing
Motorola Triumph Pretty fun game, many many levels. It was good enough, so I bought it, and it was well work the couple bucks. Try it out.
Excellent Very Clear on screen and good value for money.  Very easy to play and good degrees of difficulty,
Codewords Wont work even after paying for the full version. Any help would be great.thank you
Worth it For the amount of puzzles you get, 2.49 is a STEAL It is also VERY easy to navigate and new puzzle packs are added almost every month. Unlimited hours of fun
Codewords Game where you have to work out which letter goes where to make the right words up. Nice easy going game that is relaxing. I use it for relaxing at home. Also use it when I am waiting for an appointment. Really good distraction.  Would definitely recommend.
Love it Well worth it Hope you keep updating additional packs, otherwise I'm done in a couple of weeks  . 1010 would buy again. EDIT dev. Please update, there's only so much time you can clear the data before it gets annoying...  ltlt me smiling, soon.. I hope..EDIT Thanks for the extra packs 
Chas Hawkes Started with the lite and progressed to the full program good way to pass an hour or so.
Just started to play , really easy but hopefully  getting better. Very difficult to put down
Can free your mind of daily worries Go ahead, take the red pill.
Great to get the mind going before l go to work early in the mornings
Best This is the best cryptogram app I've tried. Easy to use, fun to play, no glitches. Thanks.
GED This app is great. Easy to use and a great coffee break filler
Excelent game to pass the time away, anyone could do them
Enjoyable, interesting challenges Entertaintaining, and leads to thoughts about the patterns in the language you play it in.
Enjoyable This game is great. I have only one suggestion. Can you make the game automatically go back to the puzzle pack list when the player has tapped the 'ok' after the puzzle is completed
Several HUNDRED puzzles Well worth a pound or dollar.
Top Class Game I downloaded the free version onto my little sister's tablet because she loves codewords she let me do the easy ones while she did the mediumhard. We were both impressed by the game, I have Teazle's crossword game which is also done to a very high standard. Would recommend any and all of Teazle's games to crossword or word puzzle lovers any day of the week.
Enjoyment I have had this game for over a year and although I find only the 'harder' puzzles a challenge, there are plenty of them. Well done, obviosly a lot of effort went into this, and it deserves the 5
Great fun Great to pass the time and very addictive
Addictive Absolutely love it,  find it very easy  addictive lol
Amazing Enjoyed it, worth buying. Thanks for this. I recommend.
Codewords Great app love it Very addictive
Gets you thinking Great app that keeps you hooked
Awesome game This game keeps my mind working. I love codes and words, and this game satisfies both pleasures.
Addictive Excellent brain gymnastics and vocabulary test
Great game for the mind.  Makes you really think
Codewords One of the better code word games 
