EEEEEEEE I grew up with these things I remember I had a Keychain with three  or four of them everywhere I went. I even had alarms set to wake me up so I could check on them every night
Very true to the classic But at the same time, so much more convenient. Feeling nostalgic Look no further.
Nostalgia much Yes. It is awesome. Reminds me of being a kid. It makes sense to put create an app since I have my phone by me 247.
Thank you so much for making this app available again I've encountered no issues in the past week, runs great
Great game but... Is there a way to get two of them I looked all over the app but can't find anything.
It's what we had... This is what we had back in the day. There is just something so fun about having it on my phone. As an adult it just takes me back.
Authentic, room for improving Guys, to get the status press the scale multiple times. Tamagotchis are notoriously difficult to care for, I used to wake up at 5 am to care for mine, and back in my day they cost 10. It would be useful to be able to move the app to the SD card and a widget would be nice, but it's good for what it is.
So happy I'm so very excited that this was made. As close to the real thing as you can get. This just made my mother's day a lot better
As good as the original toy Love it.  Works great, and keeps me entertained.  So nonstalgic for me sincr i used to have these as a kidteen
Needed a pal on Android device to take care of.  I already have Pou  Hatchi 2 on my iPod touch. Now I need a buddy on my Android device.
Memories Good game, my suggestions for this is to add a widget of the actual toy so we could have it next to our home page, also the other generations should be added as well so we could choose which version we would want to play, or we could play all of them at the same time. Maybe even have all the generation widgets at once.
Just like back in the day. So much fun, its like being back in elementary school.
Yaaasss I love it  Don't have to spend 30 to have one
Awesome Just like the toy I used to play with. My childhood. Just one suggestion, if you could make it a widget that would be tremendously helpful. Thank you for bringing this back.
Here's an idea Namco.. Let us raise more than only one tomagotchi at a time. Be cool if I could do 2 at once. Like a pro LOL
