The best music app I have tried the other big name music apps and this is by far the best. Commercial free for the most part and no problems with buffering or cutting off midsong
Still love it I deleted it on accident and didn't notice almost 1 year later still love it
4 STARS GREAT WORK ON THE APP Great Work Done On The App. It Would Be Nice To Have Gestures Such As, Swipe To Change Tracks As Well As Double Tap To Like Then Tap Three Times To Dislike
Great app Would have given 5 stars but i keep getting kicked off when i hit like song if i just listen it works great. I moved away from my hometown ny and was so sad i wouldn't get to listen to my fav radio station now with this app i can listen whenever i feel homesick Thanks iheartradio Eternally greatfull for you Works great now thanks for fixing the problem
Brings back memories So many memories I can get thinking about what if I knew then what I know now..
One of my most used apps Listen mostly to home town radio,  which is great  Wease is a western NY icon,  and love the fact I can still hear his show most days.   Custom play lists based on a song or artist make satellite radio obsolete imho.
Found a new favorite Used TuneIn for a long time, but it is rather laggy, and even with an excellent connection speed, it buffers often.. I added IHeart to Chrome at work, and am so happy with it.. Love the artist stations, and the fact it doesn't filter explicit content... Thank you for an excellent app
The Best I have been using iheart radio for so many years and for me and many of my family and friends this app is THE Best,  I highly recommend it as you first  and only choice. I haven't had any issues I rock with a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge .
Great way to escape the prison of local radio Where I live, theres nothing but limbaugh, hannity, levin and savage, or npr, so this is my gateway to a more balanced sampling of radio stations, so I can hear the liberal side of the world too, not just endless angry right wingers. The latest update makes the app rock solid, no drop outs and it doesnt run down the battery like it used too. 5 stars for now.
The best I tried everything from Pandora to Spotify to knockoff music players. I liked most, but never got attached and then eventually stopped using them. iHeartRadio is great Especially now that it has the Favorites Station...ALTHOUGH I DO WISH THAT WE COULD CHANGE THE PHOTO FOR OUR CREATED STATIONS...thanks...sorry if you read that screaming in your head just wanted to make my point...also I love these little flower thingsokay I'm totally done now
Rate Way better than Pandora. Pandora turns off sometimes and says it has run out of music to play. But iHeart Radio doesn't.
Can't leave home without listening to it I have to listen to my favorite stations all day everyday
Must have I used this app to come home from vacation instead of trying to find a station in the area I was at the time.  I went through three states with no issues.
Great but skips sometimes I love the music part of this app, but the radio stations which I love listening to talk shows in the morning skip and get messy sometimes, I have no idea why and its so irritating. It's a great app though when it doesn't skip
Amazing I love this app this app is the best music app  I ever used Better than all them other music apps Barely any commercials and great music choices for when I want to listen to a particular station. This app is AMAZING
It's my everyday radio I'm just glad I have unlimited data on my phone plan otherwise I'd be screwed
