Epic I love this game too all my friends at school play this too and its really something we can play and talk about it together.Everyone with a bad comment should actually play you games and see for themselves whether its a good game and not just assume. If they still don't like it then they are just paranoid
It's like living a dream but one problem. There aren't enough things to do in order to get rings and my quests parties buildings and admissions change from minutes to days
Fun I love the people and quests Plus the two free rings I get every day   And I'm glad that you are working on the eye colours Woooo I usually don't write reviews but this amazing game needs one.
Tutorial I wish there was a way to skip the tutorial because I've played this game before like 5 times and it sometimes gets annoying because I already know what to do and how to do it
 Ok ok I get it you need money but seriously Making us spend 5 bucks for 1 cool charecter... thats just wrong, dont get me wrong the games great but to much money ill give 5 star when I get a answer for this or cheaper charecters
Love it The game is really fun but I hate the long time.  I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a really fun game  Once again LOVE IT
Suggestion Hi I'm a big fan of this game n I want to suggest if u can add an edit modelike clash of clans so that I can edit my school easily please. I also want to ask if you could make an easier way to get the pencils faster   Thanks                                            Reen,                                                    level 7 Prep
Best game I have the game on my tablet and on my phone. That's how much i love the game. I got a new phone recently and i downloaded the game. I promised myself i wouldn't spend rings. But when i saw that i could get beckett for a certain amount of rings, i broke. Great game
I love it It just like how i always wanted highschool to be...... no worries The charaters are awesome i just hate the clothes and characters cost alot of rings but i still love the game im looking foward for some more stuff further in the game 
I love this game. It is so involved in high school problems especially the Internet bullying. That caught my attention immediately.  I would recommend this game to absolutely everyone. I love this game and hollywood U is just as good. 
Great game, the writing is good, and there is a lot of variety for the quests. Good for kids to learn more about things. I don't understand why people are complaining about having to buy things, the people that made the game have bills to pay, plus the game is free. Only thing that I would like to see is more customization options for hairstyle and other things. over all great game.
