Exercise Your Brain My favorite phone game.   Keeps me snap and I'll actually learn a thing or two.  Rarely do you get repeat questions.
Awesome game I play every night and rarely see the same question twice.  A really good pastime that leaves me feeling dumb some games and brilliant others
Entertaining and Educational I've been playing this game for a while now, and believe it or not, I've actually learned a lot of interesting facts from it. What makes it so is that the questions rarely repeat. I'm at level 44, and I've probably gotten less than five repeat questions. This isn't a casual game you need some time to get through each level, but the upside is that you can pause and exit the game, then resume where you left off. I highly recommend this game to fans of trivia
Why this app is a great one This app is great for kids because you can learn new things and if your kid likes being competitive this is perfect you can go up against adults and win and this good for adults too because they can maybe learn something new too
Great game A wonderful game for  kids and adults. A great learning game for beginners however it is fun and very educating.
Fun n educational A nice game to kill time and learn something while doing so...
I LOVE IT I love love love this game Its so so so fun, and I actually learned a few things  To be honest, I cant really think of anything wrong with this game. Its just so fun. But one thing I'd like to be fixed is sometimes when I tap on an answer, it takes a long time to process. Which can be unfair at times because I should be the first to answer the question. But other than that, great job on the app. I love it so much. Thank you 
Are you smarter than a fifth grader This game is awesome because I am learning alot about things that I didn't know
Good trivia questions and the competition keeps it fun.  Wish you could ewinning but that's winning but that's my only complaint.  Great way to keep your brain active
Fun way to kill time I love playing this game, and it makes the mundane tasks of pedicures, oil changes, and checkout lines so much easier to deal with
Good Good Good Good Good good
Awesome game When I play this game it challenges my brain and I always win I suggest you download this beneficial app instantly.
