Solitaire Suite It has a great variety that other games have not, ads not too intrusive, cards are easy to read which is not the case with some games, and the variety is immense  huge variety  I would like to see a little more explanation as to how to play some I do not know  but so far I have been scrambling by.
This is Solitaire personified If you enjoy a rousing game or two or 3, 4, 5, or more at a.clip, you will absolutely enjoy this app. What I most appreciate is the overview brief and succinct on how to play a particular game and you get a plethora of choices. I can assure you, you won't  be disappointed.
Great choices There is a wide variety of game styles to suit even the pickiest player.  I haven't even scratched the surface with this app but already have some favorites.  I like the UNDO feature more than anything else.  I also appreciate the explanation of how to play each style.  The app freezes from time to time but other than that it is very entertaining.  It fills the hours on the airplane without requiring WiFi.  Love it.
I like that it has so many games. From easy to hard with good instructions on how to play each game. It's my new addiction.
Great app Plenty of games to play and unlock. Not having any issues with the app freezing up like some other users. May be a phone issue. This is the best solitaire app I've ever used. 
Lots of layouts.  It's all solitaire. Great fun. Some games are very hard.  But many are new to me.  Earn stars and open  new games.  Adds only last 5 seconds then you can skip.  LOTS of game layouts. Undo feature. Downside limited card backs.
Terrific version. Love all the available games and how it's available offline too. Never glitches. Few ads. Perfect.
150games Solitaire Love all the different solitaire games there are that I've never played before, let alone heard of.
Excellent selection of games Will there ever be more added Once they're all unlocked there's not much incentive to carry on but it does take a LOT of play to get tha far which is good. Too many games go down the Lose 3 times and it gets easier route, so happy this is not one of them...
150 card games I love it..but when I lost my phone, I had to start all over again ...and that's not fair, cuz I was way up their.
Endless hours of fun  strategy This is by far the best solitaire app out there I've had zero problems. I also love the UNDO option and different variations of a single game. Sometimes I wish I were told there are no more moves, but it just keeps me on the lookout 
The Best This is the allaround best solitaire app.  There is none better.  Period.
HELP SUGGESTION I WOULD LOVE TO SEE A HELP BUTTON THAT ACTUALLY SHOWS THE NEXT MOVE IF YOU ARE STUMPED.  I DO LIKE THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR EACH GAME, BUT IT'S JUST THAT  INSTRUCTIONS  NOT HELP.
Great app Good descriptions of games, easy to understand, simple game play. I lose hours to this app
Awesome Game and Getting Stars is Fun First of all, it has many games that are sure to keep us busy for a long long time. And getting stars and achievements makes it more fun. I love this game.
Solitaire Great game with many different options without ads popping up all the time.
Good game Great game to kill time love it
Love all the different games Had it once, short time ago took out because it was freezing up because I had played over 2000 games. So in loaded and reloaded lol
So many choices I love Solitaire and the choices are ENDLESS 
Fun game Enough games to keep you occupied for hours.
Loads of fun games Challenging way to pass the time
The best I am a card lover and this is my favorite
Multiple solitary choices So much to choose from  very simple to understand... easy on the battery  best of all it's complicity grows.....
I'm Soooooo glad I installed I just love it love  it It's a grrrrreat,app So much to choose from, and to learn Thank You
Prof. CatFace Meowmers Always simple I enjoy having the variety
Learning new games every week This is great so many games. Its fun to learn some new ones.
Rusty Bones The Best of all the Solitaire packages. Great graphics  variety gives you hours of fun time.
GREAT SELECTION OF GAMES No bugs or crashes.
Awesome and tons of games Works perfectly. No problems at all. Love it.
Three pharohs Three pyramids need to be cleared from the deck. A fun challenge
Very exciting and entertaining. Keeps me addictively occupied. Great game.
Great game New games to learn and many regular favorites
