Through being a gamer for years. A big fan of UFC.  I tried this game and I must say this is the best game u can put on a phone.  Hands down Very easy to play and it might teach someone about shoulder movement before ya get caught 
Thee best game on my phone.. They just gotta change the way the updating is...cause I was high Ranked...then they sent an update and it slowed me up..and then I stop the update...to do it later...but the game wouldn't play without it...now I had to re install it and start aaalllll over again...that's not good..fix that please...thank u..
So Wtf  Love this game n love the ufc but lately I been doing the fighter showcase for Diego Sanchez n I have already done the 1st fight like 10x then it tells me error contact EA sports it happen like a few times already n now it's not letting move ahead with my career mode fix now or  stars will go down
Its very laggy  If you guys do something about, the game WILL be much more better and fun and more people will enjoy playing it  Thank you
The game is the best I've ever seen on any phone. Hay can you make it so you can see the damege that is caused from getting hit. You know blood effect. You can even make the blood graphics optional. Real boxing the game is not better but over time they show the damage that is being done, with blood.
Addicted Updated to Marshmallow and this game would not run on my Nexus 6.  The game is so much fun, I had to reset phone.  A few bugs here and there.  Otherwise, it is an excellent game.  EA, please don't screw it up like your other titles.
Awesome The graphic quality is  superb ... I luv ufc but lagging abit while playing and hangs sometimes... Other than that its an awesome game... Great work
App is fantastic been a few hiccups along the way but the ea customer services have been fantastic Awesome app man thanks for the late,the great,Mr Bruce Lee
I am the best at this game and nobody can beat me is top notch if you want to be if you want to try to beat me you can't because I'm top notch and I got three stars on all levels nobody can beat me at this game nobody aka best play ever aka MVP aka VIP
Add blood You guys please log in into facebook account and your progress will be saved even you play the game from different gadget. So far I've reach stage 198 with my lv49 frank Mir. The keys are patience and focus to avoid enemy attacks. I've got all orange fighters in 5 different group  6000 fighter points.. still looking for ronda rousey champion edition  anyway, blood will be a good option in the next update.
This is juste amazing game, one of the best fighting games I be ever played but problem is that I ve reached about level 60 with one fighter and developed two other fighters from other weight categories and two days ago all my experience with all my fighters and money disappeared. So now I have to start all from a begining I only hope that it won't happen again cauz I don't think I can get back that I ve lost
Works fine, I'm close to beating the game and I haven't had any problems at all. Great game. It's fun building your guys up
EA has really out done themselves madden, fifa and with this their making amazing games that keeps me from losing my mind from boredom so great job i applaud
I finnaly Connect to EA Server Oh shoot I was so exited tips for trouble if u can't connect to ea server make sure you have perfect internet connection or good connection and then if u launch the game if he says Can't Connect To Ea servers retry Press OK and if it doesn't work try and try it will work
