Lol so funny Nice fun hidden area hint at home screen hit one of the board and break it you find the hidden area and I found hidden part 2 I'm not a big fan of part 2 but anyway you should make a hidden part online where we can play around with people in a big city and chose if we want to fight them
I found a bug, but plz don't remove it. If you go on the bad trip map and select 2cpu vs you, the people jump XD also can you put a permission on this game to do screen rotation lock on part 2 BTW hit the block right beside hidden part 1.
Love it I love the game but needs stuff like a sandbox mode where u can create ur own level and save it. All in all its a great game I give it 5 stars. As soon as this new update came out I found the hidden part 2.
Awesome game This game makes me laugh, the physics are awesome and its so funny to watch them try to get up. But can you plz add a couple more maps
Cool I like how you can do 3 on 1 and I like the people cause the bad trip maps are cool to fight on cool right
Fun as all fun Hilarious Me and my mum played it and nearly suffocated laughing
So funny Thanks for the update I love it If you want a good laugh with a bud or two, get this game I hope you add more stages and a level makereditor. Great job
Best game ever If you could rate it 1billion i would rate it 1 billion so cool and funny and good love this game so much
Love it but plz add these. Please add 2 ai vs 2 people. Custome maps. More maps. And maps from computer version. I would just to play with my friend and 2 ai at the same time on tons of more maps. Just one error. There is a lighting glitch sometimes. Not major but something.
Laughing so hard This made me laugh so hard I was in the ground laughing and this game is so amazing
Good but problems If you put 3ai on bad trip brown and green guys fall instantly pls fix
Hilarious I'm a huge fan of the computer version so I'm glad there's a version for phones. Played for an hour straight and was laughing the entire time. My only complaint is the lack of a level editor. The destruction is very satisfying and I need more maps that utilize it
Cool game These guys are stupid but I still love the game by the way why can u not get different maps for the first miny gameAND green guy is suicide guy he always kills himself X
Funny Great job with the physics. But can you add new charters and stages.
Lol must buy It so funny you need to buy this if you're into hilarious physics. 
Qwop style Hilarious baby step sumo physics. Extra star for no fishy permissions required.
so MLG 420 I love john cena XXX swagXXX
I absolutely love this game, but..... Please add 2 player 1 AI and 2 player 2 AI. Also add the ability to change map hot the hidden part 1. Thank you taking your time to read my comment.                             Edit It would be awesome to try and put this game on steam.
Can you guys add another secret mode were you can drag and toss the ragdolls
fun and hilarious This is a great little diversion. A good all ages game
Awesome game Super addicting, and funny.
Hilarious I played the original PC version, but it's so much more fun now that it's on Android. Props to you, gravitysensation, for a great port.
I found hidon part 2 Its the corner of start screan brake it
LOL LOL LOL LOL So funny I found the hidden Part so funny LOLOL
