Stunning graphics and beautiful music. Simple gameplay, yet addicting. I wish there were more challenges or levels, but its still worth the money and then some.
Beautiful in sound and sight Such a lovely game to spend free time on. Definitely take the tip that it's better enjoyed with headphones  it is I wish you could download the unlock able art, I'd love to use some of it as wallpapers.
Beautiful, refreshing, and fun. Keeps freezing up my phone, I've tried to email to fix problem and have uninstalled and reinstall and still keeps freezing. Please help as this is one of my favorite games.
Pretty game Uses all the resources available to phones now. Only problem  sensitivity always seems to punish you. Maybe will be fixed in future If not, still best 1 spent on game
Amazing Stunning visuals Immersive sound and flawless game play Easy 5
Excellent This is a beautiful and fun relaxing game to play Love it Plays perfectly on my Galaxy Note 4
Beautiful example of digital interactive art Well executed port benefiting from touch controls, with experience, both graphical and sound, on par to that of the original on PS4 or Vita. And with a price tag of a mere dollar, it's one of the best purchases possible on the entire Play Store. One minor inconvenience is the lacking of a exit bottom, requiring the app to be closed through the recent apps menu.
Wow this game is beautiful I don't understand why people are complaining about it love the music very simple and entertaining 
Amazing This game was beautifully designed. Works perfectly fine on my Galaxy S3. Worth my money.
Stunning visuals and addictive gameplay This game achieves the perfect balance between great visuals and addictive gameplay. Coupled with an enchanting background score, it can't get any better
Awesome It's awesome looks great and plays great the one thing that would make it great if they would make it compatible with the moga controller that would be awesome and would make the game even better but other than that it runs well on my nexus 7 2013
Fantastic Great controls, beautiful graphics, mesmerizing music, progressive difficulty. This game has it all I highly reccomend it. Very fun game with a unique and interesting concept.
Was looking for a rez.. Androids store has always been missing a Rez, Flowers or Child of Eden. Finally Entwined arrives.. A gr8 little game superbly priced. Very pleased 
Very beautiful indie game Nice one playstation impressive very nice keep it up spin off maybe
Great game This game is really peaceful and really puts you in to the gameplay. Overall I would rate more than 5 but I can't go any higher.
Gr8 m8 88 Make sure to r8 Great game worth the dollar let's go play station
Excellent Amazing. Great game, challenging and relaxing, not hard to get used to but is to master. Worth the price.
Watch out vita Wow if this keeps up Sony you're gonna loose vita sales but thanks for a great game PlayStation nation
