Thanks for the fix I've been wondering why.. And reported it after buying this app.. Haha, used lucky patcher for the material tho.. It still asked me for the unlocker.. At least i paid the unlocker p
ZERO BUYER'S REMORSE If you're on the fence about this app  don't be. I've tried the most common file managers like Astro and ES File Manager, but no other app compares in performance and design the dualpane design w bookmarks is amazing. Works with root and has connections to the cloud. Supports FTP, SFTP, SMB, and cloud storage. Also supports compressed files like .RAR and can check md5 checksums for flashable .ZIPs. NO ISSUES WHATSOEVER. Best app I've purchased in a LONG time
Truly Magnificent Original review in October 2014 Using it on my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and it works just as advertised ... A truly Magnificent App ... highly recommended.                      EDIT on 01 OCT 2015 Works just as magnificently on Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Android 5.1.1.
Simply the best all purpose file managment app with built in network connectivity. Clear and easy to use interface makes this app a winner I've been using it for years, and it's worth every penny.
Worth every cent. With ES gone we need alternatives and solid Explorer brings a solid foundation.
Almost everything done right at a refreshingly low price Would like to see archiving to tar which stores file permissions and calculation and verifying of sha1 and sha256 for single files and for every file in the current directory into a .sha batch file.
Best The only file explorer app you will ever need
Was awesome now just great. Ui update is nice but now requires extra steps to do stuff.  Was simpler and faster before
Had stopped working Guess the license checking didn't need to be fixed
Really recommend this one for file management. I agree with previous, positive user comments about this app. I chose this version over the newer one due to more familiar folder management system i.e. Windows OS.
Worth every cent This thing is the best.
HTC M8  ZTE Warp Sync  Galaxy S5 Great Filer..
Classic  Material Design Glad it works for the material design version too.
Excellent.... A must to have app for Chromecast users..
Gratulacje Gratulacje stworzenia wietnego produktu a jako, e to rodzimy deweloper to tym chtniej kupilem pen wersje.
Impressive. Very well done.
Works with new SE app Great
Top of the line Good is an understatement. Have used in phones and tablets. It's a must have.
Two for the price of one And such a bargain for the original Solid Explorer, now we get the MD edition as a bonus
The Best . IMO this is the best file manager for Android out there.
Best File Explorer... Happy to buy this outstanding Apps...
Great file manager
Best in class
The best
Great app
Best
It Just Works
