Jump up then down yahoo This game has excitement forever cause I am so so so excited
I would pay 8 bucks a month for you're learning apps like I do ABC Mouse I use 3 of them preschool  Kendergarden, First and Second grade My 1 12 year old son  has a blast on the games in this app He now knows his colors and shapes and cant even say many words Its amazing how much a computer app can help me teach my baby as much as this one has Thank you Kevin Bradford, you're a genius Much thanks, The Breit Family
Very good As the grandmother of a 2 year old and retired teacher, I am so pleased by the quality and the variety of learning games found in this app. My granddaughter is as fond of this as she is a wellknown and very expensive on line learning program. She has sometimes chosen this over that. As a general introduction to online learning apps for toddlers this is head and shoulders above most. Kudos to you.
hope its good I'm geting this game for my baby sister hope she learns
2 yr old loves it The 3 given games are all she needs since she's too young or the others. She loves the fruit counting game and goes crazy for the bubble popping at the end
What a wonderful game My young sister learned shapes,colors,letters,puzzles,alphabet and her memory develops because of this game. So please install it
My little sister has straight  A's because  of  this  game.They play and learn at the same time.
Helps It helped my brother learn so much on his first day of school
Love it My 5 year old cousin loves it I also love the fact its hard for little ones to get out of the app
Preschool  kindergarten learning games Excellent
He loves it My lil bro loves this game. We want him to be a lil boy that can be in preschool but in kindergarten.
Emma It helps my 5 year old brother with preschool
Preschool This is a great game for kids 6 and under.
My 2 year old loves it
It's totally great I love it I love it it is so good for you  1  2 describe your siblings can really learn
Loved how my son is learning
Amazing Super amazing
Great My little sister loves it when I completed my download
My little sister lamya loves this game Loved it
love it
Awesome My son loves it 
Love it Its really great
Fun My kids love it
My causen My causen like it
