Glen Simply brilliant. This game has me and my wife addicted  a joy to play Still playing this...
Addictive little sucker I love to play this game to unwind before falling asleep. It keeps your brain nimble.
WOW VERY NICE I love this game. It truly helps me with memory problems. It's fun and therapeutic. WOW So much FUN
Fun and Challenging I got hooked on word games from my Palm PDA days. Instead of being a creature of habit, I decided to try this game for my new Android phone and am very glad I did. It keeps me entertained when waiting. It is so nice when you have a few minutes to kill, but it can be challenging and makes you think after the game is off. I don't get to give 4 stars often enough because I am picky. I may even bump it to 5 rare stars after I've played it a bit longer.
Super addictive When I play, I tend to lose track of time. I was at it for 6 hours straight
Awesome This is the best word game.I played it before,on my Samsung Rush.I like making words from mixed up letters.Very challenging,keeps your brains working.Good game Guys
Been addicted over a year Love that I can fire this up quickly and play even in 1 or 2 minute spurts
Awesome App I am a big word game fan and loved Text Twist. This is just as good and much more fun to play on my tablet touch screen. May become my new addiction. Great job to the crew that put this app together. Money well spent
Can't stop playing This game is very addicting.  Once I start, I can't stop.  Great way to exercise my mind.  Even my kids love it.
Enjoyable game I have had fun with this game. It's simple but good and the app always works.
So much fun This game is super addictive and super fun It really racks my brain and I honestly love that there isn't a hint function cause it makes me have to think harder. Definitely worth the two bucks for no adverts.
Jumble 2 Fairly good game but Playlist is limited.
Highly Involving Great app when you've not got a signal or can't use wifi.  I often play it whilst waiting in queues or perhaps flying.  Keeps the 'ol grey matter ticking over.
How about a kids vocabulary version My 10 year old granddaughter wants to do this but it is too advanced  she becomes discouraged
Great game Played the free version first. But loved it so much needed to get rid of the ads. If you like word games you'll love this
Game review Great game but does not always respond 2 touch...please put it rite  then I can't fault the game....
Great game, love it Surprising how a little game can while away the hours. Would like a larger word database. Lots of words I have never heard of, but I'm learning. Absolutely brilliant Still using it a year later and boy has it helped increase my word power. Love it that you can find out what a word means.
I'm learning  ism is a word, all by itself A great spelling teacher as well as a vocabulary instructor.
Getting older This game keeps my mind sharp as well helps me with my spelling Great
Jumbline 2 Games is simply designed but still challenging enough to keep u interested.
Package file is invalid I have paid for the app and tried downloading but keep getting an error message that the package file is invalid...what shd I do about this
I love Scrabble and this game is excellent practice.  Please let me know when there  are updates.
Love it Can't put my phone down since I installed this game.
Perfect Time Killer This great little game is very addictive, I love that you can look up words that you may not have been familiar with from the list by just clicking them.  Gladly paid for this game, great job devs
Love it, though it doesn't accept words that I know are words a bit too often.
Makes you think and  is a  good exercize  for the brain Can't put it down.
