Must have Always used this app. Only small issues since recent update can't change widget shortcuts, and widget shortcuts open app instead of immediately performing action like before.
Very good protection Thank you, AVG you're an outstanding help to any threats I find on my tablet and phone, keep up the good work.
Wonderful Simple, wonderful free app, gives you a warning if the app is like virus related or not good for your phone, alerted me when I installed an app it said  warning do not proceed with this app or something like that and I clicked read more and I rate this app 5 stars I also scan my phone weekly
Pro version gone After my last update the pro version is gone.. its asking me to upgrade. Can you please help me   Update  uninstalling and installing the app fixed the problem.
Do I have a fake version Since the latest update, every time it does a full scan, it tells me to enable better protection of apps, then when I press enable, it says anti virus off tap to allow. Why would I want to turn anti virus off Is this now unsafe Update Thanks AVG for clearing things up in your reply below.
Nice app, but didn't like this update As its an antivirus app, ui doesn't matter much. It's a great app I loved it but in new update u modified widget  now user can not modify four shortcut options. I request please put them back. It's a good usp of this app.
Love it I had so many viruses on my phone, causing so many problems with all those stupid pop up adsand the VERY FIRST time I used this app, ALL the viruses and pop up ads were goneI definetley recommend this amazing app
Love AVG Great protection, use for all my devices. Never have had an issue. Knock on wood
Question Is it normal that the little logo on the top of the phone i have an Android is whitegray It used to be 4 colors and a few days ago it became whitegray, I'm just wondering to make sure my phone is ok  thanks
I highly recommend this app  A must have app for your phone. It is totally free. I will be upgrading to the full version soon. Simply because I have used AVG on all my previous android phones and also on my pc's. So that is why I will be upgrading soon. But if you just want an easy to use app that will protect your phone for free, then this app is a must have. I have also recommended this to friends and family too. I would give more stars if it was possible. Keep up the good work Dev's. 
The Best AVG is saving the world by preventing millions of devices from being exploited by malware. They are the standard bearer.  And they have done this noble job for free, without corporate greed.  Although I use the free version for my phone I have bought the license version for all my PC's and laptops.
