Love it This game is the best puzzle game. It challenges your knowledge of engineering in a simple but effective way. No need for hints. That takes the fun out of it. Great game
Fun I have no idea if the physics are realistic, but they look convincing enough to my untrained eye. You have to pay a bit for sandbox mode. I find that clues are too expensive.
Impressive Physics The interface is smooth, the game is easy to play but hard to master. Well done.
1010 From a construction engineers perspective, how can I pass time at work Build virtual bridges. This this which I cannot dare to call a game is just perfect.
Keeps my mind sharp. The best part of this game is the ability to think outside the box. Keeps my mind honed and sharp. You don't need to keep adding money, if you just keep trying, and tweaking the design, you will get it. The game always gives you the correct budget, and material s. It's up to you to figure out how to make it work. That's the puzzle. That's the fun. Use your brain to accomplish the task, not your wallet. The answers are all there.
Fun challenges Challenging puzzle game  Hours of fun.
If in to building good game and I only rate games when worth it
Dont know the controls It is awesome but i just dont know how to build
Paid for by Friend. Best app I never actually paid for.
Fun game and fun to kill time while your in the bus hahahahahah
Fun game Definitely worth a couple dollars for sure.
Fun Game Fun, challenging game. Certainly a great time waster
Well done Awesome game that helps to grow your engineering skills.
Game gives me boners after grinding over design after design after design. Boners
Here is a math review Slopes  Me  RAMPS
Worth the money Its a fun and very addictive game and its point system is very fair
It's perfect Saw a YouTuber play this and loved it, as soon as I saw there was a mobile app I downloaded it, and it works great
Great challenger Though would be useful if the colours could be different for tension  compression....would help fine tune designs 
