Good doctor app. This is a nice play doctor app. My 3 year old grand daughter likes it. The only thing that is a little strange is the continued trash build up.  You clean it  it comes back.
My 3 year old adores your apps  thank you  Tried your free version first then purchased the full version. Money well spent.
panda games are a favorite for us Fun to find out all the secret items.
Fantastic Game Redundant but my kids LOVE it so much I upgraded to the .99 paid version. It's the only game on my phone both my 4yo and 7yo ask to play.
Omg This app is sooooooooooooooooo AWSOME OMG MAKE MORE APPS LIKE THIS
Super cute OMG I LOVE IT Get this game right now
My granddaughter loves these apps.   Age 4
Good for learning and fun for 2 yrs and up. My daughter loves this app. And teaches her to keep teeth clean,  about germs and more.
My little boy loves this Educational and fun, easy for 2yr old 
My 3 year old likes it keeps her busy
Dr. Pandas Hospital An entertaining and skill building game. Gets the little ones to follow and recognize processes.
Gitchy. I don't know how I feel about the animal butts being vacinated . the kids love it Good app
Tons of fun My daughter and nephew love these games I hope they bring out more.
Wonderful  My autistic 5yr old absolutely loves this game, along with all the other 'Baby Panda' games
Dr Pandas Hospital The kids love it
Fun for all My granddaughters love this game It keeps them busy for as long as I need it to  Well worth the few dollars I paid for the full version
Great game My kid loves it
Love these apps So fun love at first sight
Awesome Great game,  kids love it
Great game My kid loves it
   
If it makes me much money
Used to work UPDATE. I uninstalled it and installed it and seems to be working now. Thanks..  Have had the full game for 3 years and its been fine. A couple months ago it stopped working. When my son finishes treating an animal the game won't go on to the next screen.
My daughter loves this game
Love Daughter loves it
Entertaining My daughter us 3 and she really enjoys taking care of the animals
Super fan Awesome game
Easy to use and great fun
Great game Love it
Perfect My three year old loves this game
Very good
