The line Chainsaw Gutsduck alone makes this a five star game. A decent Canabaltlike with a few good puns. Worth the 1 it's priced at.
Phenomenonal Great graphics and soundtrack. Waiting on the second installment
Simple, good, there ought to be more games with a theme like this one.
Black Metal Man ISST KRIEEEG Brvtal sovndtrack, killer gameplay, amazing advise and it's fvn to play. Definitely a kvlt favovrite
Keywords Just look at those tags lmao
Awesome Thanks for fixing the screen size detection Looks great on my device now. D
Killerrrrrr ,, Time killer perfect 
This App is KVLT m
Best game of the year I am so addicted hail enki
Haha this game's pretty cool
Best fcking thing ever. Hail Satan m
Long live heavy metal m
BLACK METAL Very fun
so metal lol
kvlt.
lt3
juegaso
Awesome concept... This game looks and sounds so awesome, but it won't run on my Nexus 10. Jumbled title screen, then nothing. Please fix so I can play  Update bugs fixed. Awesome game Thanks so much for fixing
SLAYERRRRRRR I noticed the logo had changed so i started to play it again and WOW You perfected this game. The graphics are a million times better, and you added the unlimited run mode. Great job  Keep supporting metal
It's Awesome Buy it if u like black metal.
m Blacker than the blackest black, TIMES INFINITY More songs please
I like this It's fun and brutals.
Exelent People who are into this type of music would love to have more and better similar games.
Black Metal Man Brutal game  Download it you won't regret it  mm
KVLT BLACK METAL IST LIFE
Yo Such a sick game
m
Awesome Sick
Fuckin awesome.
Cool
Now works on Asus Transformer TF300 Thanks for the update This game now works on my tablet. Black Metal Man is awesome and everything about it follows the themes of the original idea of black metal. The music is awesome and the artwork is like an old music video Great idea Please make a sequel with more of everything
Changed me I used to love jesus then I played this game, now I am jesus.
Must have You can't turn off sound. True. Excellent soundtracks
