O.M.G love it Hey everyone love this game but every time you go to a next level video go on so what am saying is that it a great game and some time it go to get a little bit old so you don't want to play it a lot but it's a great game
Plzz read it before downloading and makers also I first read all of description and then played the game it was fantastic but every one said  the problems and they are correct ad after every level,only 10 levels but why u have written WHERE'S MY WATER FREE doesn't make any sense Disney is a big company and even not replied a single person so irresponsible makers go and see BUZZ LAUNCHER app every one has loved it and they also reply every single meassage
Stop posting mean comments guys None of you hate this game for a good reason, i bet your just mad you cant beat the game so you write mean comments about good games all day, dont you have anything better to do
the most addicting....... it is the most addicting game EVER so fun. spelled f.u.n. love it whoever dosn't have where's my micky, GET IT 
Where's My Micky It has a glitch for me but whenever I beats level it does the same level again and again and again so please fix it.
Fun it's so much fun I feel smarter Goody  good good
Smart game My son love this game. It improve his solving problems skill.
What's up with the negative comments Hey all you guys that say I can't play this and I thought Disney could do better that STOP saying that I'm 8 and it was a breeze playing. This is an AMAZING game and I've gotta say, this was an AWESOME game Disney Keep up the good work
DISNEY WHEN I WAS LITTLE I LOVED MICKEY MOUSE . IN 2012 ME AND MY DAUGHTER WENT TO ORLANDO AND HAD A PIC WHITH MICKEY . THANK YOU DISNEY .
Love it Even though ima kid i wanna join the company pf making games since im a kid I know what kids want D
Love Cuckold uyffg5tgfrhhfttffhgg huffy get hefty gyyygfyhgftyuh guy is the best. I am a beautiful woman in the morning of the most important thing is that the company. I am a beautiful person. I am a beautiful person. I am a beautiful person. The other side, but I think it is the only thing that I am a very long 3rd 6th. I have been in business for sale in a few years ago and I am a beautiful day
I love it so much all my friends send me  thim as it and if you do not no me i am kamaria bacon Kamaria
Love this game best game ever i win all the levels in one time really nice and best game in ever...
It's a good game. It's a game meant for 8 yearolds, not 3 yearolds or 23 yearolds. It's meant to pass time and challenge kids, not adults or toddlers. And if you can't figure out how to play a simple game then get with the times and ask any local 7 yearold for help  Good game, fun and cute 
Where's My Mickey It's a great game if you have any little ones. From a mommy and her baby boy
Fun  challenging It starts out easy, and gradually gets harder. I love the game. I give 5 stars
Mickey free I really enjoyed this game wasn't hard at all to figure out how to play.     I only wished it could've lasted longer. I give this 5 stars. Always been a big Mickey Mouse fan
