So far so good I been playing for bout 3 hours and I believe I'm getting hooked its easy to play n fun if u like this sort of game build you city n army  then you should at least try it
Fun game It's an ok game there's no in your face advertisements it feels like an old game but a game it's worth checking it out.
BETTER THAN GOW JUST as the title suggest,  this is better than GOW game of war if you've played that game  enjoyed it then you will love this game, this is my FIRST time ever rating  commenting on a game, it's just that great Give it a try.. Thank me later. 
I'm just here I'm just here for the gold naw Lol nice game no lagging some glitches but not u can't get over but I'm liking it more and more the more I play.
Pretty good, fast paced The game play is really quick at the start, as long as it dosent just slow down real quick it's a winner. edit ive been playing this game for over a year now, play does slow down as you go but this game is awesome and im not going to stop playing. Be smart and protect  your troops and this game is very rewarding
Could be better I would like you to enable troops to go from one place to another without having to return to city.
Empire rome rising One of the most fun games I have ever played but its not fair that some people spend hundreds of dollars and others can't.
Fun Great stuff so far Haven't encountered any problems it's fun
love it And some suggestions First of make it rotation, make the attacks as the attack now is showing in the picture here no problem make the size bigger like 300 mb if need, make it life live in the world.  it would be the best best best game ever.
It didn't give me gold for rating it its a good game 5stars in my opinion so I unrated it and rerated it hopefully it will give me gold this time
Awesome Game If you like G.O.W. then you will love this game. Alot easier to grow without being bullied by bigger players
Not bad This hame isn't. Bad for a free game it has high quality and it is awesome
Happy With Game Simplicity. This game allows you to grow, rewards your growth and you get to have virtual friends.
I raid your city, and burn it.... Muhahaha... Come on in...  You don't have to pay for anything, and you can succeed... It is a good castle raiding game.  Join an Alliance and get to smashing other ppl.  Yes, there is some work involved, if you want to compete and win.   Will you be 1...  Who knows...  Getting attacked, and attacking is part of the game, and you will grow from both  No Crybabies Please...  The game rewards you for just playing... All Good...
Good Good game play . Easy. Give time and you can get top 1 without money
Great strategy game Play with frieds, meet othets with same interests. New posibilities all the time. Playing it for over a year, not bored yet
Great game I'm from server 53 and it won't let me download the new update so I can't log in help
