Great concept Haven't been able to renew my hints hopefully that happens after 24 hours. If my hints don't renew after 24 hours my rating is a 3 because I can't continue to play this game without a hint. Other than that its a GREAT concept, the music is a nice touch, and the game doesn't feel repetitive yet on level 943
AFriggenMazing Beautifully crafted, wonderful soundtrack, puzzling puzzle. Exactly what a puzzle game should be. It is tricky without being impossible like some games today. I would give 10 stars if possible.
Great Some inconsistencies with the answer format, and a little but right on hints, but other than that, a great game.
Simply challenging Its challenging and fun. At times you won't understand even the simplest icons and when you solve, that is wonderful feeling. Go for it Waiting for more levels.
This is perfect For me, the best way to vent anger is calmly sitting and playing games like this one. And recently, I have been getting easily angered
Amazing Beautifully simple yet complex. Makes me use my brain a lot more. Could use a couple of small hints from the little pop up dude he is not much help.  Great game can't wait to see more.
So much fun Great game. Fun to play alone or with a friend. Just wish it was longer since I finished it in 1.9 days as the game informed me at the end.
99 awesome, 1 really Play this. Great for travelling and will make you feel much smarter than you are  but not when you get a rare overly tough one 'holly' Give me a break.
Awesome game This a wonderful game that really gets you thinking. I hope they come up with more levels soon
Absolutely fantastic This game actually requires you to think a little more than your average game. Makes you think outside the box. Great game, great music
Great fun when I'm bored This game does what it's meant for but also doesn't make it so annoying that I have to use a hint for every single puzzle. Over all just an awesome game to play.
Yeh Ir seriously blowed my mind. It's quite simple yet interesting but i love the difficulty level which increases by a quite proper rate. Helps me to keep playing this... And its vulnerable via lucky patcher.. So i unlocked platinum version 
