I loved it but I wish you I loved it but I wish you had more levels and I wish the there could be fires and a free play   model and all of the buttons worked and you be able to take to the passengers and ary traffic control and the Batt temp should work  and the warn fire should work and Eng fire should work.
Very. Nice game please make it fast the update cause im excited even i crush many times i still understand my fails like a pilot thanks for yhis game  
The best airplane simulator in Android Unlike the most of flight simulation games available here, this has really good graphics, near realistic cockpit and beautiful landscapes.  I have been searching a worthy simulation in Android and finally found this one. AND TO THE DEVELOPMENT TEAM, Guys, thank you for creating a wonderful game.
Idiotic Just awesome guys if u wanna be a pilot or a fan of planes then its awesome for u. Cabins r detailed and awesome control.
Great game The game was well done, I would really like to have more levels to play. Some of the levels were a bit tricky and some were pretty easy. If you can you can try to add more scenarios to the levels. Overall the game is amazingly done 1010 IGN
One of the best flight simulation game ever... I loved it. I finished all the levels and waiting for more levels urgently. Please include some emergency situations like running out of fuel, some engine problem, fire alarm, landing gear problem forced to land on water without collision, volcanic eruption near destination airport poor vision, landing challenge, etc., in the future levels. Thank you developer for such a nice game...
Perfect i6 FSX Wow You are my amazing idols. Nice  recommended FSX to everyone. Just 1 problem, can you pls. add the 1st officer in the cockpit Make everyone airplane smart. When is the upgrade update
Very fun This game was very fun to play and it was also easy. I have played Infinite Flight Simulator before, that game was more realistic, but it was much harder to play. Great game, great value
Great game The game needs a new update where the engines can flame out on high rain if the engine is at a low level and also you should be able to see the plane explode when it crashes New update needed real bad Please add more levels and improve graphics even better
New idea Maby you can add mid air refueling planes so we dont run out of fuel,you should also add faster planes for far away missons
Pretty close to the real thing with some minor exceptions This game is pretty challenging  therefore fun. One thing I'd like to see change is that you're placed in the copilot's seat, not the captain's. Another thing is, there's no flaps to help create more drag  slow down. Also, some other air traffic  other planes taxiing out, or landingtaking off would add more challenging levels to the game, but all in all, a great start to what will hopefully become a series of games.
Flight Simulator 3D 2015 I really love this flight simulator The graphics r realistic Looks authentic 2 an actual cockpit of an airliner The most that was annoying was the seatbelt indicator Take off was perfect, flying was perfect, landing was perfect, but 3 pilot rating for the seatbelt was on 2 long, which was rated at 97. Then I was able 2 score 100 on every level from level 120. How do u unlock the locks from levels 2130 I would really appreciate any feed back
Nice Game. Loved it. Future levels should consist some dangerous airports with shorter runways. Nice game. Awaiting next levels as all the levels are completed.
Please add Can u please add 3rd person and make the flights longer like fsx I know tabs and phones any made for that time of stuff but it would be amazing p's I am a big fan of flying games  iv played a lot and this is the far greatest of them all like I said please add this and respond to my comment   airline game 
