I love this game it's so fun and time consuming Maybe consider adding more to it Like a storyline or more adventures to do. Also, is there any way to beat all of the penguins at the end 
The game is good This game was nice but there's a huge problem, it's very easy to accomplishfinish. So please update, and put more goals For example, letting you go into Marceline's house, the Nightosphere or the goblin kingdom. Just please update this so you can get a 5star rating, thank you
Me and my 7 year old daughter. We Love this game. Amazingly fun. Most buy.
Needs maps and more upgrades also I would like to see more kickers and kickees Make more stuff yo don't be sooo lumpy
I'm glad I bought this game I played this game on my computer but on my phone so much better.
Awesome It's great but can't we have checkpoints  plz BTW great game but put some checkpoints cause I don't wanna have to go so long and so far. Plz put some checkpoints
This is so cool every one who buys it must rate 5 it is so funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Love it A simple and fun game. Most importantly it has a goal you can reach. Its only endless if you want it to be
Amazing This game has amazing art, amazing game play with even more amazing characters.  This game is simply amazing
Extremely addicting This game is amazing That is all...
Most addictive game ever. 11300m my highest altitude so far 
Shmowzow This game is totally mathematical . a true fan of adventure time must have this
So much fun me and my son beat it lol
Awesome It is a great game for adults and children who absolutely loves adventure time.
Very funn Fun and easy to unlock everything.    all the adventure time games are fun to me.
Superior fun I love it
Silly Fun Just plain crazy, mindless fun, but worth the dollar
Finished the game. Hope you'll have more updates
I played it when I wss little and now im back for more3
Great game Super fun Worth the money.
Kicks butt , literally This game fills the gap in your free time
Addictive Me and my 2 girls can't stop playing. Hope the add more content. Great work.
Awsome Beat it on computer and phone in an hour each
I LOVE ADVENTURE TIME this game is definitely worth the money
LOL AWESOME Too awesome too describe
Awsome game  but its to short.
