Search button too far at the top..Bring it down... Search button too far at the top..Bring it down...Its hard reaching to top right corner on large displays nowadays....
Best offline dictionary Other offline dictionaries are useless and take too much space. This is the best dictionary and contains meaning of each and every word, even idioms are available. Audios, Hyperlinks, Bookmarks and random word search features are too impressive. Very much satisfied.
My best friend ESL people and students, this is the best thing to have on our phones. I love how each word is at the end of my finger tip
Excellent app Nice work by you guys...excellent app I have ever seen...guys please also add the Hindi meanings too..as this  will make easier to understand the meaning more quickly...
Long Time User I've used this app for quite a while now. I absolutely adore it I use it constantly because I am anal about spelling correctly. There has NEVER been an absent word. I'm baffled by the low 4.3 rating of this app. With use, I would have expected a 4.7. Thank you for this wonderful app It makes my life much easier
Fast. Smooth. Accurate. One of the best dictionary apps  works very smooth and gives accurate definitions. The collection of words is comprehensive and covers multiple meanings of each word. Plus, you get the added benefit of offline access. Perfect. Thank you  PS for some reasons, the pronunciation fails to work on my devices.
Very helpful It worths it. It helps us find meaning in offline mode also. You can see the random word when you have some free time...
Great app must have. Been using this app for  2 years now. The best part is that it is available offline. this is my goto for all quick vocab related  queries. Tried a couple of other apps but I liked this the best. If you are preparing for a vocab exam or genuinely interested in knowing the words you come across and need a simple app for quick reference,this is your app.
Very useful The best thing is it works offline and has pronounciations for every word it has. Better than other dictionary apps
Love.it Everything is good ......great creation ...appearance is better than older version
Great The best free English dictionary in Play store. Keep up the good work Also it would be Great if you make a Medical Dictionary cuz we have a shortage of good medical dictionaries in Play store... Thanks..
All time my favourite...Very good.. Really very impressive, compact, user handy, and very useful... It will be the best when words are defined with suitable sentences in different situations
Best dictionary in my life Normally i don't give any comments to any app, but if i don't give comment for such a nice app it will be not fair, i must say thanks for the developer of this app u make my day, this dictionary don't need internet and also it take low space of ur storage, but it's work better then all dictionaries, if there will 1000000000000000000000000 stars it will be less for this dictionary, so happy thnxxx again   
Loved it It is very good app it helps me to know the meanings of the words and the best thing is that it works offline and pronounce the word off line
Awesome appp It has got everything 1 needs to have in an offline dictionary..provides syllabic division n audible pronunciation too
Exellant  offline  dictionary I  have  been  used  atleast  5 years . Great  help  for  knowledge . ...thanks
Dictionary At your smartphone. Don't have internet to search synonym for an unknown word at Google Don't worry if you have this installed. Yes, works offline  has better content
The best offline dictionary on android I hope there is pronunciation for every entry. Some entries don't have it.
A million dictionaries later.. I was searching for the perfect dictionary for AGES and I finally found the right one Thank you 
Help me a lot  Very great app , but there are some words this dict doesn't have.
Like I liked this dic v.much but I have 1 Questen 2 ask dos it have British accent 2oo or only American
These only offline dictionary that actually works Been using it like the years and hasn't let me down. The integration with moon reader makers it indispensable
Good For Everyday Usage I can look up words whenever I want, its pretty userfriendly but could use a little improvement, overall a good app
