Around 1.5yrs it got old  but still play. They fixed the iphoneandroid promotion prob. I play on both. Addictive. Join an Empire for team battles. Check in and collect your  from properties bought and spend it on power badge upgrades or weapons, gears, vehicles to boost your attack defence stats.  Finish jobs to get stars and upgrade your character.  New content  still being added and updates.  Cust. Sup. is AWESOME AND THOROUGH
Great game This game is very fun and fresh i used to play mobsters till it was taken down but this app offers more its fun and eve is also great dont know why ppl are getting lag im on s6 no lag what so ever although when i open the app its ethier black screen or loads the first logo and wont open app but what i did to fix i just go home and open up agian dont close the app from running and it works weird but it opens so im happy with it
Its good. This game is great you can play competitively without paying a dime love it.
All around excellent game but when gifting I click select all and I noticed it only highlights that page, please fix so it selects ALL
I would give a better rating but now that I have redownloaded the on the load screen it say android login now some how my phone got reset yesterday I was just playing yesterday  please fix emediatly
Android users cant see their full bonus on lieutenants as it cuts off, why cant u make android experience as good as apple
LOVE This Game But I have A New Galaxy Grand Prime, Please Upgrade for Other Version
Easy to learn and entertaining It's simple and no ads no pushing you to buy coins or diamonds but it's simple and entertaining
Wish I could give 6 stars Very addictive game. Warning Download at your own risk, because it is very addictive and fun game.          Keep up the good work Kabam team            One suggestion Make Epic LT's  a little easier to obtain.
Very addictive just wish leftover stamina and energy and health could add on when u level up
Fix it It doesn't work on my note 5. I want to play again.
