Love it I'm just starting out so I'm sure things will get more difficult, but I love how this game engages the player through music. You get to be the composer of your own world.
Starshop Also, New Island idea I love the new Starshop feature I also have an idea for an island. Star island. It's basically like Gold Island, except monsters produce star power. Monsters can be teleported to that island once they reach level 15. And they also get a star form, and they become their star species Example Star Mammott. Also, the monster types of Ethereal, Seasonal, Rares, and the Shugafam can be teleported to the Star Island at level 15.
BEST GAME EVER So much fun I  didn't get my 72 gems after i got to level 10 in gummy drop. 5 stars. EDIT you should make the things in the starshop a bit cheaper. also, maybe you could add ethereal and shugabush to the starshop.
Amazing Only a little problem. I don't like the news poping up when I start the game but apart from that awesome  .                                               Please make a rare hulahoop. Please let me give my monsters I don't want to my 4 friends
Love it Thank you for making this game. My music monsters are the best It's like Minecraft except it's with monsters And they sing I can get so creative Thank you
I love this game, been playing for three years in a row, and still beating new challenges. I just love it The designers must be a bunch of music genious Brilliant Congratulations
Very addictive Wish you could put more monsters on the tribal island as I only have a few other friends who play
My singing monsters I loved this game because the monsters make cool sounds and it gives you AWESOME monsters and islands
Good Game Really good, only struggling with breeding legendary I have tried breeding an entbrat and a bowgart about 45 times now and still nothing.
Brilliant Game My only concern is that get the monsters that are rare is hard because you have to buy the diamonds. I can spend the diamonds but I don't think that should happen in my opinion. Anyway I need to stop moaning because the game is so fun and the fact you can make really fun filled islands that look awesome and are awesome
Not bored yet after 2 months I get bored very easily and this one keeps me coming back at least twice a day  I was unenthused the first time I tried the game and I came back later. Once I got passed the first 4 days I was permanently hooked I was worried about not getting enough diamonds but after you get going,  you earn enough with patience.
I LOVE this game, but it is too hard to get diamonds, some monsters are way too expensive  I can't afford to buy stuff so I'm pretty limited on how far I can go.
My singing monsters Playing withfor my little grand daughter, she loves the different monsters  their different sounds  the excitement of hatching the eggs not knowing who will be 'born'
Wonderful game I downloaded this app for my daughter and now I play it too this is such a cute game and love the music they play I never heard music like that but loved this game but there are 2 flaws. 1.to expensive.  2.need to add more dimands.    But other then that it's a wonderful game but should show a way to get dimands.   But I would recommend downloading
Love it Super cute and devilishly addictive. Fun way to share my love of the creepy and abnormal with my 8 yr old without giving her nightmares lol 
Singing monsters Really fun game, addictive But please make sure the rewards work properly and quickly, cos they don't always and that's just a con then New versions working much better, a great game, I love it
Tip Wen u need more than 3 monsters, buy a nursery level up monsters 2 level 4 and press breed. Its the heart icon EDIT find out good combos for monsters in the shop. Also I think they could add a flip icon that makes the monster face forward NEW EDIT these still work.
Great Fun Easy tension reliever, and a fun way to annoy kids. I enjoy the different songs one can make by muting song monsters Always fun to breed new monsters
Top notch Awesome creative music Cute lovable monsters, some inspiration musical sounds, noise and various things I would highly recommend this app
Love Love De game but screws up here and there but really good
A song that is Catchy I love how the monsters sing.It is really catchy. I love to sing, and I dont think my made up songs are as catchy as these wonderful singing monsters. Also when I feel like hearing music I  go have fun with the monsters.You can also hum to it.
More Diamonds There needs to be a quicker way to earn diamonds. Could you make it possible to have more than 1 mini mine on each island
