Custom races One of the things that I have always wanted was some sort of custom race mode similar to the that in Real Racing 2. It would be nice if you could take any of your bought cars and take her for a spin on one of the several tracks. You don't need to reward anything for these events, just the benefit of practice alone would be enough. Please consider this suggestion.
Still love it,  great detail and graphics.  Realism spot on  Love the high end cars I love this game.  Had it for a year  got a badass garage.   Fabulously awesome
Best racing game This game is so far above the rest , its not fair  the best game I have played in a long time
Real good Best racing app available. The graphics are eye catching, the gameplay is addictive and there is much more material than other race game apps, including cars, upgrades, tracks and online competition. Real Racing 3 is far better than any other racing app I've downloaded. Don't miss out if u like racing games.
Great experience Love the racing experience with the different types of events that you can enter in. I like the online experience except for the aggressiveness of some of the racers bumping and slow connection which causes damages to your car that you end up paying for in service repair or race bonus deduction. I wish RR3 had a drift part of the career, but I can do with the upgrades and additions they have been making through updates. 
Smiles To me this site game are perfection.I lost my Playstation to the kids, but my phone is mine.Now I Play games I miss.The support services staff here are top notch, I was really struggling with an area in game with out me asking they noticed and helped me.
Samsug 3 Its a bit slow at some points in the game. It kicks me out some times . Well a good percent of the time.  And  try to make the downloads a bit smaller if you can...thay be great..
Almost as good as Grand Prix Legends for PC. Best racing app I have tried. Started crashing to desktop on my Lenovo Tab 2 A1070F when I updated to lollipop. Reverting to KitKat 4.4.4 and its good.
Gold I like the game. Plenty fun enough. There's just not enough ways to earn enough gold to be able to meet the requirementsdemands of having to use the gold when the game gives no other option. More return on investment please Thank you
I STILL LOVE THIS GAME Can we have a test drive mode for cars we don't have even locked cars and can we have dynamic weather
ONE WORD AMAZING BEAST GRAPHICS SUPER REALISTIC. YOU SHOULD MAKE AN UPDATE THOUGH, I CANT USE MY PORCHE 911 GT3 BECAUSE IT IS IN THE ELITE SERIES AND I AM PRO AM
Been playing for almost two years now and I still think this the best racing game out there Asphalt 8 and gt racing 2 are good but this game beats them by long shot Good work Dev
