Excellent App I use this app almost every day, on my android and my apple devices it is a seamless experience. It is great, however I wish the print command were Writen  PrintExport, it's not a big deal, after you figure it out. Also I wished they had had a Share or export as PDF option. Like in the ios version as an  email option.
New update Crash all the time FIXED Fixed the problems and love it.       Prev  Comment It keeps crash all the time after the new update....tried to reinstall again but then it crash over and over again after a few usages. Plz fix it.
Very powerfull app It works perfectly... As i Imagine.. But my phone is has lower processor so its kinna slow.. Running on my phone. But overall i can use this app perfectly like on the laptop...
Great mobile version Easy to use and handles everything I've thrown at it so far, good for using excel on the move
Works. No problems. Works great. I use it when I need to carry spreadsheets around with me on my phone. You can do small code changes but developing a large complicated spreadsheet I use the pc. Still, it works for me.
Once I figured it out...Wonderful Once I figured out how to do everything in the app, I am very happy with it It's convenient to be able to utilize my phone to enter in our budget info instead of waiting until I get home to enter all the receipts
Must have app The best app hands down if you like working or need to work with numbers. Surprising how few students still don't have a good grasp of Excel when they go to college.
It's Excel I've been searching for a good substitute for Excel ever since I've been using Android, but while they some close, nothing was as full featured. Granted,  it's more expensive than other spreadsheet or office programs, in my opinion,  you get what you pay for.  And if you have Office 365, the full featured Android version is included at no extra charge.
Amazing It can run almost all the functions, very easy and helpful perfect with big screen phone
Works great Love the app...great for quick reviews of data and in a pinch you can use it for calculations.
Awesome app Its almost like actual excel which we use on computer ...and thank to one drive  I can access my excel file on my computer as well as on my mobile also..
