Best solitaire game ever Very addicting when I started I was trying to make every level perfect, once I gave up on that I really started to have fun lol. It has really helped my brain to see multiple paths at once. please please please make a sequel
Problem  solved After having a problem with loading all the time, the game is now perfect, addictive and deserves a 5 star rating.. glad to c you guys fixed this so fast
Favorite Glad its finally on Android Have on computer.  Love the music and story. Pyramid solitare with some hidden objects seens. Story kind of like LOTR's.  I keep playing it over  over again on both systems.  Wish they would come out with a 2ed one.
Relaxes my migrants Excellent , relaxing , good graphic , game. I love it and would recommend it to all the solitaire lovers. Hope to see 2nd game and its good as this one 
Second time around Most satisfying solitaire I've played.  Fun, interesting, and enough of a  challenge to pay attention and not so difficult as to get frustrated. Or frustrated with the impossible hands dealt by the game.  Played this a while back and am enjoying it the second time around.  My one beef is before I got an explanation iPad of how the amulets can help, and now, playing on Android system, that is nowhere to be found.  At least not by me.
Emerland I love this game  It's beautiful and relaxing, has nice sound.  I highly recommend it.
A truely engaging game The graphics are truly beautiful The game play is goal oriented with a fun RPG feel to it.  The character voiceovers are very well done. If you love fantasy and a good game of solitaire, then this game is for you.
Addicting and Fun I hardly ever rate games, but believe that this one deserves it. The storyline is awesome, the gameplay makes for a very fun rpg style tripeaks solitaire game. Highly recommend
Just right for casual fun I have played on my PC and this must be an update. It's more fun, and just as relaxing. Perfect for tuning the big bad world out for a while.
Mind stimulating and a sure game to help me wind down from work. I love the relaxing gentle theme music. Had no problems at all. Just wonderful, my favourite.
Emerland solitaire Great game. Challenges make game more appealing and exciting.
Please make the sequel Keep in mind while making the sequel to add lots of mermaid action and water scene so it feels more magical
Not your run of the mill solitaire game I really like this game it keeps my attention.  The mini games are a nice touch
Great fun Love solitaire.  Lots of fun. Its challenging. Love the theme.
K Boyd Works great on Note 3. So much fun. Great graphics.  I love this game please make anouther.
ADDITICING Love This Game  Except For All The Nights I Stay Up Playing Till The Wee Hours Of The Morning
Love it Got the free app just to see if I'd like it and ended up buying the full version
Enerland solitaire Good vs. Evil.     Good wizard vs. Dark wizard.   Several kingdoms and their inhabitants.  Very interesting.  The solitaire games are far from the norm. Gorgeous scenery and colors.  I have it on my laptop and play it all the time  I like it so much that it was one of the first games I looked for in the Google Store. I paid to get the full game and I am thrilled  to have it on both devices.
Emerland Full Love it.  So relaxing, wsome challenge to keep it interesting.  Hard to stop.
Amazing I love this game For those who don't know, if you hold a finger down over an amulet in the store the description of its powers pops up
Terrific solitaire game Beautiful music, extra added features u don't see in most other games.  I played the free game and then went back and bought full version and that's something I NEVER do.  Thank u for this soothing game at the end of my day.  
Awesome I get sick of most solitaire games quickly. I really like the way this is layed out and gives variety.
