Lovin it Need to work on tournament matchups cuz I keep getting put in tournaments with ppl who hit lvl 1000 like nothing and my highest level is 490
What the heck Where has this game been all my life Reading other reviews taught me that I'm still just a weakling and that only increases my desire to get stronger. Please don't change this game it's perfect as it is, if anything a graphic update would be cool.
Amazing It's the best game I've seen yet No bugs, glitches, or other problems. I became hooked after I learned about the upgrades for other heroes.
Fun This game is both fun and cute My hubs do get tired for a while, but the game continues on even while I'm not playing
Good Great time killer plus the tourney. Stopped playing for a while n came back. It's fun. Worth the download
Great game The only problem I have is, I can not purchase the 4.99 diamond package. Still love the game though.
Good but... The game is really good, i love it . But please ban the hackers or do something about it, they ruin the tournaments
Great game Runs in the background so it plays when you don't want to D great little game 
Give you 5 stars after fixing cloud saving issue Could not save to cloud. Please make sure you are signed into Google Play Games Issue fixed.
Love it  I like it alot amazing game all though you should make it were you can still buy diamond's but also get 5 diamonds every time you kill a boss
Addictive Amazing game Very well done. Also who else here looks dumb whilst playing this in public xD
Awesome This is amazing it really gets you addicted to it when I fight monsters it's like my fingers are energizing
Can't move I can't move away my phone...this game is so addicted...you MUST INSTALL it on your devices
Addicting loved it I'm playing this for a whole day but not on the class my hands is not getting tired always when i played it but in my first prestige i throw it in the bed im so angry back there but now im happy because its addicting game.
Cool. Pretty good. Less glitches. Really addicting. Super fun
