HTC one Great game and addicting I check if daily and honestly there isn't much this game needs more it's great, add maybe more heroes and more options to do in the game.
read if u want FREE MOLTANICA Go offline for ages 1 month and when u have at least 1.4k gems wait for an uncover treasures event where u have to spend gems. U have a very small chance of getting moltanica then good luck
Absolutely love this game Best tower defense out there Awesome heroes and a lot to do daily However since the last update most of the time I run mesa 4 the game force closes on me. Costing me swords for nothing. Just wondering if it's just me.
Almost didn't like I only downloaded this app 2 get coins on another,which I didn't get,and found this game 2 be very interesting, so far. We will see though. I really wish they'd gave me my coins 4 the other app though
Helping The Community If you find it hard to win against higher heroes you should really look at your skill levels , inscriptions and talents on your heroes and try to combine different heroes and not just the strongest. This will allow you to either stun , slow down or just destroy the opponents heroes . Remember it's a strategy game not an action game .
Update issues ''fixed'' Just got the new update and can't even turn on my game, keeps crashing... Fixed the game with a few hints from the developer.
It's okay Takes too much to upgrade or even unlock things with might. Gets really ridiculous with the cost of everything. I really rate it 610 simply because there's nothing that grabs your craving to come back for more. All in all it's a good game to occasionally jump onto to.
It's a great game to play. This game brings a lot of fun for all ages 10 and up. This is the best thing since Coke and potato chips even though I am older sometimes in my free time I played this game quite frequently.
This Game Is Soo Fun This game is just like clash of clans though it has more graphics and etc.. so far I haven't found any bugs or glitches which I'm happy about.. The only thing bad about this game is whenever u try to search for people, it always brings up a base with like 9000 coins but it has no defense.. It's not that fun to raid a person with no defenses.. But all and all, I've been playing this game for the past week and its one of my favorite games
I  it I real  this game because i downloud this game in 15 Nov 2015 and my town hall level is 10  This is best game forever ya And clash of clan , i downloud it 4 mounth ago and my town hall level is 6 so it's Better game AND MY NAME ON THIS GAME IS  Ach3rs  AND YOU THERE, DOWNLOUD THIS BEST GAME
Awesome strategy game best ever played on a phone I love this game but to buy heros with shards or diamonds is to expensive
Loved it n Addicted It is a really captivating game.. But rolling for legendaries like CUPID and Pumpkin Duke is a serious pain in the a.. Really should consider increasing the chances of the rolls.. I also think that you are pushing new heroes too soon n too many.. Really enjoy the game but hopefully this doesn't just end in just trying to earn more  from us..
Higher chances Love the game so I'll keep it at 5 stars But now that the hero evolution is a thing legendary chances should be higher since you need two of the hero to evolve I spent 1000 gems the other day and got nothing I hope you see this and address the problem as u see fit
It's Awesome but Needs better opertunities for free to play Thx for the update but it's harder for free to play because I am free to play I know because every one buys gems and has sp and minotaur or molt or destroyer free to play should not need to buy gems for good hero's I have every version of castle clash but no Good legends.
Add more Add more ways to get hb  get books more ways to get gems. I really recommend this game. It's sooo SICK also it's easy to play. It might be similar to CoC but this is better. Download it now guys it's worth it
Its iiiiiiight. Its pretty cool. Minor things, all in all it's just like clash of clans. But they looking for money in the long run, if you just want to play and not spend money...better have patience. But if you got it like that by all means.
Love the game but I don't know how to get my old one back I was already so far n now I have to start all over n it just makes me sad 
Great game Love it. But unless you have a pumpkin duke, don't fight anyone who does. Its a sure loss. I find it hard to get legend heroes even though I roll 450 every chance I get. Other wise, its great.
Better than COC More engaging and lots of things to do especially if you're short of time. No need to spend 20 minutes searching for a battle.
Awesome This game is fantastic i loved it from the beginning and the adventure of this journey is very intense and fun thx for this awesome game
Really good Really good time waster and don't need to spend money to get legendary hero's I have three accounts never once spent money in any of them and they all have 5 legendary hero's in all of them. Only problem would be that you need a better way of getting honour badges
Yes Its a clash of clans without having to wait forever for regens Thank you so much 
Fun game that has a realistic feel to the battles in a third person play Easy use and good graphics.  Slow for upgrades to buildings but can be played without having to buy anything extra.  Would wish there wer no hack codes but good anyway
Amazing People always say Clash of Clans is way better than any other build and conquer game. In my opinion however,  Castle Clash is way better than CoC. Theres more things to do, its way simpler, and much more addictive. In coc, you just do something and it throughout the day, whereas with Castle clash, your always filled with enjoyment.  1010
