it's nice app for play  chess it's  better to say best one if add two option one we can add users to play again another time and ability to notify the users to we are ready to play, like messagers  thanks a lot.
Love it Often doesn't disappoint. Is snappy, has a good UI and everything. Maybe in the next update they could make it possible to save the games as PGN or FEN, that'd be great
Restart phone On this latest update though, the font on the player's names are so big, you can't  read it. And it just erased my record and reset me to 0 wins, 0 losses. And 0 draws. Restart and all is good now.
Great Great way to play chess. The only way to improve it I think would be to add a play back feature to rewatch your victories or losses and improve your tactics or show off our victories
Great App Needs updating Need to offer Player Tournaments and online stats How the players match up statistically against each other It has the best board view by comparison. Great App
Great apl I hope updating the game so we can have a friend list in the game
I like playing chess and to me this one of best chess game on google play store
Best App Good graphics, Nice concept of online playing with chat option, scoring system also fine to get idea of competitors.
Nice application Every thing is in this app
Best chess game on Android Some exploits there as lacking opening book but very strong game at higher levels. Definitely worth looking at if you like chess
Play this game everyday, probably have over 4000 games on this Love it
Chess master I love it, it helps me get b.
Great Ads are only on the startup, doesn't disturb the game.
Magnificent Only app that improves your game, with 5 difficulty levels...
Great game. Good look. Except that people can quit out and u have to wait the 2 minutes or 5 minutes and they don't get a lose for it. If you force them to have a lose on their record, this will happen less.
A good one Good to play anywhere when you wait be attendind on DMV, doctors appointment, dentist or, if you need to wait some friend never ponctual. I never stay impatient.
 Best chess I found. Totally recommend it.
