it is the best game ever though i have a little bit problem....but still love it. My id A2JZLL...If u want so,add,vote and like. i will votelike u back.............THANKS
Cheat Here is the cheat 1.go to the working place and pick a work 2.go to settings 3.go to timeline and date 4.change the date if your date is 15 then change it 16 5.go back to star girl and collect it,commet if you want more cheats
Loved it FYI Ramadevi B just because it wouldent work for you doesnt mean you have the right to tell people not to get the app i love this game
Let's start the fashion Yeah this is fun But if you start the fashion you need WiFi but I have. Let's download this now for more fun. Love it so...love it
OK OK with the new York NY and I am so I am so I am so I am so that we it the other day use day of and I it was a lot great day and the new York and then we have to be a few months of the new year of the new York NY to the next to be a few months of the new year of my resume my name is a few weeks to the new York NY to see you are you have to the new years and I am not sure you are the way you are you have a few months of a few days
Lost my diamonds and items I've installed it recently and it's cute . This game is over all the best. I really love it. But today something bad happen.  I lost all of my diamonds 1006 and items that I brought from the star wow. It's really a huge loss. Please help me get my things back.
Having difficulties I can't get my free diamonds. I watch the videos but the diamonds don't register. If I download games or other things I get my diamonds. Can you fix this plz. I like this game too much to just uninstall it. I only like two fashion games. This one and superstar life.
Love it I'm only 8 years old and I love it I'm all in the news paper so you know I like the attention  and I have 4 boyfriends  and I love all the presents they give me I have the shoes to and a black outfit my boyfriend gave me it is wonderful that's y I like the game. 
Star buety Qeen It was Awsome you get boyfriends and avything
I m fatima This game is awsome n hot
It good The first  game is  going to be able to get the best way to get the best way to get the chance
The best game ever It's the best ever , I love it.
perfect very nice and so fun  and im so happy to have and play it. thnks
I love it If you have any questions
My favourite game . Although this is my mother's telephone but I like  playing this game in fact it is my  fantastic.
Nice game It's a nice game I love it
The star beauty It Is fabulous
Jason Derulo He is good at singing
