Love this app My 7 yr old is a huge gamer, so it took some bribery to get him to try this, but he LOVES it Many obscure and challenging questions to occupy for many many hours of fun
Fuel for Geog Obsession My 6 yo loves this app and has learned a ton in a short time. I like that he's not only learning state names and locations, but also mottled, flags, capitols...and with several fun games to keep him challenged. I'm now headed to download the Countries app at his request.
Great for kids and adults My kids got this game and I started to play too....now we're all addicted
Great game Its a fun game and you easily get addicted. It is also educational.
Great fun And you learn. I like the stacking game most, but finding them on the map and identifying them as they fall are both fun. Thanks for refreshing my knowledge.
Love it Rlly good , cute and educational my daugther is liking this game to
IT WAS AMAZING FIVE STARS It is a very fun, callenging, game, and it is educational. It has capitals, states, flags, but the only thing is that it cost money to buy on Google Play.
States I'm a nine year old and this game has been so much help. I was getting f's and d's in states of social studies and now I'm getting a's and b's thanks stack the states for all you have done for me please make more thnks
So helpful I used to be terrible at my states but after playing it I now know 10 times more then before Me and my sister like to compete to see who will get a certain state first on the main game
My 6 year old knows her states We absolutely love this game. I wish they would do one for planetssolar system.
My 6 year old loves this game. He now knows his States and his interest came from this app.
Top Notch This learning game is another great tool in my home school toolbox Fun and engaging for all age groups and grade levels.
Awesome My 5 year old cousin plays this game all the time and he can't even read but he gets a lot of them right. Now he has memorized all the state's capitols and nicknames my mom doesn't know them and shes 47 and knows the state by its shape because he can't read. And now he's hooked on stack the countries,    COUNTRIES AT 5 yrs old and gets a lot of them right TOO Now I got the game stack the states and its so fun you'll know what I mean if you get the game          GET THE GAME  NOWWWWWW
I have played this game since 3rd grade Makes state learning so fun
So awsome stack the states pigs all of yous are rats This game is awsome gave it to my pet pig and rat they loved thanks you guys probably think I'm retarded but I'm not it's what me and my friends say so ya I have four friends but not going to mention any names and don't be pigs or don't be sewer rat please say if this helped with suscribing
Wonderful Love this app. Just purchased yesterday with Google Opinion Rewards. Thankfully I made enough to buy it for my kids. We are homeschoolers so this is wonderful.
Excellent app. Kid loves it. My 8 year old son begs me to play this game. Keeps him engaged for quite a long while. Love it. Love it.
Won't launch ART Crashes when I try and launch on my nexus 7 and Moto X. Suspect app doesn't support ART yet. It's new to kitkat so won't remove starts until next android release.
Love it check the store and delete all your pending to download apps This game is awesammmmmmmme
VERY ADDICTAVE It would be better though if there were more backgrounds though. Otherwise, GREAT GAME 
Stack the States This game is a big hit and it also let's you make your own profile on this game
Fun app This app is fun and educational. The backgrounds are pretty. Love the looks on the states as they fall.
The first time I was going to have been the state's attorney General motors Corp's new book
Love it I love this game.It is awesome It is the best game everI rate this game 5 stars.There can only be 6 accounts but awesomeI love playing this gameIt is totally awesomesauceI already have 6 accounts but still awesome
Awesome I have 103 states, and I have stack the countries, but I only have 57 countries.
Stack the States I really love this game because it helps me learn stuff about all fifty states
Love it I'm 9 I knew nothing about states before this I thought Oklahoma looked like a phome finger
Amazing I'm learning so so much I get at least five states a day I play it on all my free time
Educational and fun We all loved it.  Each  child has a sign in and competes with one another.
Lol Im learning obout states love it i learn the capitales of states and the borders an whar look like so fun to you get to drop them to it funny they knock over
AWESOME I really recomend this app.I'm in the 5th grade and I have to memorize all the states and their capitals. It really helped me. It's so much fun to. They even have minigames. You don't have to pay for anything except the app.
Stack the States Names and capitals and bits of trivia about the states.  My daughter loves it
Awesome game, Even tho its summer vacason I'm playing it.
Great game to learn states This is an awesome game My students love to play it and so do I. I wish it had a feature that read the text to you that could be parentteacher controlled for kids who can't read as well but still want to learn about states. Otherwise, great game
Love it I hated learning about our country but this made me want to learn more.
I love it My 10 year old twins enjoy playing this. They cracked up when the states fall off...
