A fun game thanks you
Favorite game Fun to play
So rich so fun
I love this game
The best game ever Love it please make update
Awesome Some what fun for time pass
It's really funny
So rich so fun When I first opened this app, I didn't know what to do but when I Found out that it was a running game it seemed so easy, and you can have gems for free
Cool I think it's cool because every time it goes more harder and more faster I hope more people download  I think the coolest game I ever used in my LIFE and I hope everyone enjoys it as much as I did
Awesome Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love............awesome game
Angry Run maniacs It has a few features it is way too pricey for the full version pack 14 why so stupid overall it's good I guess
Well hmm let's see its good but Its great but people say its like sub surf but its not subway surges is to much u have to kill yourself to get coins. great game
Amazing I love the music I wish my grandma could run and jump like this 
Grammy run It it really fun for you,but it has so many things to do
Arangry gran run I lol. I love this game so much I play it all day
Money lover that is my name It looks like it is fun so i am going to try it
This game is so fun The reason i like to play is that you get to kick other people
LOVE IT IT'S LIKE I'm PLAYING ON A TOUCH SCREEN COMPUTER
WEIRD GRAN Angry gran is soooooooooooo.............well........umm. ...weird. But it's still a good game.
Love it This is the best game ever.  Really stupid meaning, but what game doesn't have a stupid meaning.  It made me laugh sooo  hard.  Great for tweens.
I really love it  Its fun too play and easier than temple run and temple run 2 and has more charactars
Angry gran run Awesomeincredible Most popular ga,es you could play
I had this game before it is so fun. I want to see the new one though
Angry gran run This is a great , fun game
A ma zing It is not bad i have over1,900. Coins
Angry Gran Run This Game is really fun and it keeps my kids from arguingTHANK U FOR MAKING THIS GAME
So fun  Just watch out for the banner Make more games like this
Betters rival This angry gran run game can possibly compete with Subway Surfers and Temple Run 2
Awewome I love d game ,it all make lots of sense
