Awesome  This is the best game ever played u know that in this game we can serve juice and food  to him he can read  magazine,pick up the , talk to us and the most funny thing is that he can make funny experiments plz download this game and enjoy it 
Cute game This game is great I laughed at it. Cool Download it for your kids
AWESOME APP I LOVE THIS IT'S GREAT. MY SON LOVES THIS GAME TOO, IT MAKES HIM LAUGH WHEN HE BURPS...  WISH YOU COULD MAKE HIM FART THOUGH. NOW THAT WOULD BE REALLY COOL AND FUNNY
Georgeous This app is good for entertainment and good for childs who are never likes to play and this apps can handle boring times good bye
So funny I was talking on da phone with ben I said what are those I said you got them from wallgreens    he said no I said goodwill he said yes I bust out laughing I love you outfit 7
WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME You should really try this game if you haven't played it already and if you have not already installed it in such a good
Great I like when Ben makes pocens. I love it everyone should download this awesome game .it so Great get this game all your a loser to cool
Awesome The game is great and I loved it because you get to feed the talking dog and explode stuff in a laboratory you sure rated 5 stars but don't get me wrong about it it's just my opinion also when you give Ben a drink he throws the bottle  its really funny
Worth every penny I love this app it keeps my kids laughing and happy,they never get bored of it.
BEST APP EVER I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH MY DAD SAID GET OFF BEN THEN I SAID NO THEN MY BROTHER WALKED UP AND SAID TO BEN WHAT ARE THOSE AND WE ALL STARTED LOOKING AT CRAIG
Love it The game is cool in its own ways award thing though is that it repeats everything , so if you swear to him hell swear fix it to not be inappropriate for my brother who uses this app XD
Love it so so so so so so so so so much I'm a fan of all OUTFIT games. It's all I can think of  It's a really fun game when he picks up the phone I talked to him and he respond.It's AMAZING SOO AMAZING SO SO AMAZING
COOL This is so awesome game I never seen a better. Game
Cool games no glitches no nothing The game is pretty serious its not that bad shirt in the some other games might be better but probably it could be better than the karate game or something like that what do you like better talking tom or talking Ben
Just laugh Have fun it's great for a good laugh 
Cool app Cool cause the cool things to do
It was very funny Very good game I absolutely love it its so good it makes me laugh whoever made this is really cool I absolutely love this app please give It 5 Stars
My talking Ben I like it because if you talk it will please you can make anything in his life and you can do anything that you can you can see what happens and you can you for following invoices within Ben and have fun
Great game I like how when you talk he talks makes me laugh all the time
Gr8 ben The way he talks is awesome and ... The hall and lab.... Bold voice .. Better than ginger 1 ...gr8 Ben....
Hilarious I can't stop laughing.
LOVED IT Its super fun for everybodyMakes me laugh when it repeats what I say
Talking Ben This game is awesome because you to do this and stuff and just wanted to play with.
Amazing app I made a ton of vids of Ben getting prank calls or have encounters with ghosts. I played in his lab P  and made him burp...ALOT. This app is fun to play, I liked it. 
Just do it It is really fun to play and if u don't have it installed stop being a big baby and do it.
Talking Ben Best app ever I love it he burps he eats he does science and he drinks but he's dirty and you can even call him
Love and cute games I love it in my well my daughter loves it and so it's really cool she thinks its really cool because I have science and she loves science yeah
Awesome This game is so funny. I might get all of the my talking apps
So cool I love it. But my favorite is when this is the big tornado in the lab. Plus he even has a cool telephone. You have to download this now.
AWESOME APP This is an awesome app its also SUPER funny to Love talking on the phone he is an awesome guy
Funniest game ever They fixed all the bugs they got new clothes it's just awesome
