Looove ittt In my singing voice So addictive The random opponent option is the best ive ever played on any game. Its my new favorite game now. 
Works amazing It is totally an addicting game 
Lovely game A very good update. Lots of topics to choose from. Hope many more questions are continuously added. Wish the space would be optimized.
Fun It's a whole lot of competitive fun, in a little living space.
Galaxy S5 Active Good,educational,only needed to add Russian language
Great fun  learning at the same time
Simply Awesome No ads. Just fun. Way better than Trivia Crack.
Quiz up It is amazing
Loved it
It good
Awesome app Love it
awsome i have no words but to say its amazing
Different titles  subjects to learn Looove the game......its suuuupppperrrr  one can actually better oneself in any subject. ..... One can post also any posts.....Make new friends from all over the world. ....Altho there are many fake ids.....There are some genuine people that one can be friend  learn more...... Different subjects. .....titles that one can really learn more about.... 
Best Game I dont understand why you guys gave only a star. When. This Game is perfect for Smart Guys Like Me hahahahaa
Great Game Easily my favourite game ever. Its easy to get into and hard top put down. I challenge anyone to beat me in dank memes. Im 4 all time best in the world at the moment.
Great content and challenging friends Great app.  Doesn't even use much data.  Maybe 56mb over 45 min of gaming.  Challenging friends is nice too.  No issues except when signal is spotty and game disconnects not a fault of the app
Dear creators of QuizUp I think the new update is wonderful. You can share pictures, Like, and Comment. New menu. Find people to play with easily. Follow Quizzes and People. And more. But it should have a SinglePlayer Feature. Just Sayin' And also, All the hate comments inside and outside the game. Ignore them. The update is perfect. Also my username is Mehless. Soon to be changed to SnoozeJuice, in case you want to message me in the game QuizUp Team.  Bye sob sob zomg abrupt ending.
Great quiz app For fans of general random useless trivia or have a specialist subject you will find a quiz to suit
Fun Wonderful waste of time, highly recommended for anyone who suffers from sudden onset boredom. Eats more battery than I expected, but who cares Very fun and highly addictive.
The best Trivia game I've ever played  This is the most exciting Trivia game I've played in a long time. You can choose from hundreds of topics to play from and face thousands of opponents from around fhe world. Become the best player in tge topic. Happy Playing 
