Andro wear app Hello, your app doing well and I hope all app lover must have it, one thing I want to be add in this app.. That is complete rail network view like atlas.. So that we can see the top view of our rail network of India... I hope u will add this for users. Thanks
Fabulous app  You know what friends..these guys have developed an extremely useful and user friendly product.Must download it to check how you can ease your travelling with Railyatri.in and I'm sure you will not regret keeping it in your smartphone.
Best app of its kind Nice to have all features clubbed into one that in smooth and user friendly way.
Great app Lots of inbuilt intelligence that makes train travel more comfortable and enjoyable
 very useful it covers mertos and locals along with additional features like nearest station, taxi booking, food search etc
Best Railway App This app is best as compared to other apps even official railway app may not provide so many information in just app they have diff app for diff function... great work... so many functions are there in one app but there is no compromise with speed... great job....
I support you My suggestion please make APSPDCL app which is very useful to my state A.P. people to pay electricity bill online.
Execellant Better than irctc connect. Gives lot more information. Booking also should be allowed from application. Then it will be all in one .
Must have app Thumbs up for how you help me manage my travels. Five stars  Of course
Love it I m frequent traveller. I tried so many app. I liked ixigo app much but now Rail Yatri app  I like most. Add more  More features.... Keep it up... Good going... All the Best...  FRIENDS, TRY IT ONCE..YOU LOVE IT, I ASSURE...
Awesome... I usually travel alone but I never found it difficult to plan my journey because railyatri is providing all the necessary information. But please once again go through the arrival timings. It happened to me two times that my train arrived before time. Thank you so much......I love this app... It deserves a 5 star....
Most helpfull Very nice application.should be developed in pnr status updation. Otherwise other functions are very fast
Awesomeness A very hard working team we see. Very Quick and useful app.
Very useful app Like the feature of push notifications when tickets are in wait list status until it gets confirmed
Nice App Ek hi apps main sab kuch ye app or sab se bahut aacha hai i like it...
Excellent for train travelers with smart phone One suggestion... With new changes in rly chart preparation and last minute booking facility. If some alert facility is provided thru this app for passenger with WL statusunconfirmed status tickets then they can make first attempt to book their tkt... If possible
It's amazing app to get paytm cash , so follow the step   hxjpnx If you are a new user , then use my code  as your refferel code and apply after succesful mobile verification and we both get 10rs. Paytm cash , so use this code and apply it on your earning section to get 10rs. , reffer code   hxjpnx
Nice app It's verry usefull app                                  
Awesome work It helps a lot during my daily commute..keep up the good work.
Awesome app Can u add something in it In new update m seeing that with pnr status its showing train is how many times cancelled and rescheduled.. Can u put it in train enquiry or in train details..means to say running history..like etrain shows in refer google there u will get in running status..u done welldone job bt dil mange more D ..nowadays m facing problem with train in flooded Chennai..unable to know which train is regularly cancel..n which train is OK for journey
Awsome app I never thought a railway app can make my trip so easy...all info.. wat i need... it is fulfill...and more than my need...i will give it 10 star.. bt here only option 5 star
VERY VERY nice app's, I REQUEST TO ALL PEOPLE TO DOWNLOAD THEASE AAPS
Awsm application First time I appraised to this type of application after seeing its usefulness and acute data
Very nice Gives u update of unexpected details of trains as well as stations. We will be happy to see those info.
Marvellous app ever App contain all type of stuffs that a passenger need......
