Best Very usefull After reading this app im giving u 5 Star, its a compleat apps,plz remove rate boundation,its give bad msg.
Is se badhiya app koi nahi ho sakta ayurveda apne pocket me. Sache mayne me yehi app install karne layak hai. Beauty and health tips are awesome.
Very informative, effective and practical. Need to be suitably categorise and filterable on the basis of problems and elements.
First best app on Ayurveda, help for each and every people. Keep it on, with our real remedies to avoid English medicine.  India has huge GOD gift as call Ayurveda...
Good app App agar bimari ke hisaab se ho to jyada achha ho jayega. Search option bhi hona chahiye
Best application in India. Jai Bharat....if possible it should also be in english so that we caan spread our culture in western Jai Bharat
Very very nice app...       app           
Nice appisko padd kr sbki madad krke bahut garv mehsus hoha h. I like it. Aap sbhi ko lode krna chahiye..Thanks a lot
Ise apnakar bimaari door bhagayen Isse jaankaari ke saath saath hamara swasthyaya bhi laajawab rahta hai .... Its awesome
Useful for housewife... Very good application of information of kitchen medicine of indian home. Best, because it is in hindi font to better understanding to mostly housewife in north.
Thakur sahab Im not use all but if all arecorrect so its best some ill used they r gud
great app        app    
   ,     I love it...
Very good and useful app Ayurvedic treatment is time taking but best treatment in the world. No side effects. Allopathy and modern science solutions are nothing in front of it.
Good App Homely medicines good for common ailments.
Superb app It is very useful in human life to know uses of things which are easily available at home... Must download
Dadi maa ke gerallu nuske Really a good knowledge of our day 2 day's vegetables  there usages
Good information Awesome guide.. we can get very useful information on this app. Kudos..
Lovely First time show this type app. For who care health of people
good App         
Best of treatment in home wowww Dr ke pass jao our 10Rs ki davao ke hum 100 Rs dete he ye jo ayur vedik upchar free me milega to koi nahi karega aaj mahenat kisi ko karani nahi he bhai our ayur ved upchar kisi bhi cheez ko jad mud se nikal ta ou pethology upchar hamare andar un bimario ko dabake rakhata he to please aap bhi ayur ved ka istemal kare
Great app Jeevan ke liye bahut upyogi hain ye nushkhe
Exceptional great app Mostly usefull for all problems and help like dadima and saves money from doctor side must download app 100 works the all solution thank you
Amazing app u will know everything from home  with zero side effect's... 
Very useful app ... Download it without any doubt . 
Superb app Har cheej ka Ram Vaanya hai is main
