Very useful The daily stock market review comes up as an unintrusive notification and gives a great quick to read summary of everything that happened that day. Just this feature alone is worth 5 stars
Stocks news fast. I don't watch stocks every minute or even every hour, but when I want to know what happened or what's going on, this app has it. Easy to add watch stocks. Like the news bites, not so much the ads but understand why. Very quick on HTC One M8.
Version updated prior to 20150224 Edited 20150825. Rating superb Continues to improve although not really required. And it's free. What's the problem If you want something more specific, logon to your stockbroker's site..  End of  updated rating. Very nice improvement on  an already supurb FREE app. In reading the other reviews, are we talking about the same app
Hard to find correct oil prices It is great app  only problem is the operator has a problem with finding correct oil prices  it should be ez to find and automatically updated without additionally reserching
Great app This app provides a simple convenient way to check on my portfolio. I like the quick links to the related news items. The only thing I don't like is that the dividend payouts are usually wrong.
Handy tool for quick stock news This is a very handy tool for quick stock updates and articles.  The charts could be better, but I use other programs for more in depth and detailed chart analysis.
Barron Imho  Yahoo Finance is the top stock site since the late 1990s. Nice work, guys and ladies
Links to Online Portfolio Updated Fresh new ui. Issues Can't update online portfolios from the app. Can't sort by critical fields like pe. Basically app is only good for glancing at stocks can't even see forward pe or other complex indicators.. So app is really worthless for making anything but the worst e.g. day trading decisions.  But it is nice to get a feel of things.
Can't find anything wrong with it I've tried plenty of other free news apps and there is always something to buy at the end of the day. Not the case here. I've been enjoying this app for almost 3 months and haven't found anything negative to say about it. It does what is suppose to. Deliver the news direct to my device. What more can I ask for Highly recommended Cheers
Real time information Always gave me notifications for new things that have been happening .
Solid app that gives me what I'm looking for, a quick update on the market. Easy to add and remove stocks. Would prefer seeing dollar gains and losses over percentage, maybe it's possible.
Jurassic world Really good game.  But the level after 30 get hard in a way that you are kinda forced to buy packet to move on.
Super Easy to Use Recommended by friend who checks her stocks daily using app. I love it. So easy. My stock is the first thing I see when I open. News stories if I want. 3 easy tabs and a settings page. LOVE IT
