Biju This application is really helpful to find train schedule and to get related information's regarding your journey.
Best app Easy to use and more user friendly we can get live train status soon in a click I love this app
Nice App Hats off to Indian Railway for this Passenger friendly and very useful App....it is a worth having in every Passenger's Mobile...keep it up.....
Super app This is verygood app and working properly.Very useful with accurate information and user friendly interface
The best of all softwares 2 check indian railway. Used lotz of software but nothng lyk dis. Fast. Easy n drctly conectd 2 indian railway server. Nw need nt opn in pc n wait 4 a big page 2 get loaded. 2 gud 2 use.
Really best railway app Definitely easy to use.  I love it
Binay Kumar Nice aap, I like it much.
Excellent App Only the best railway app on Android.. The whole Indian Railway network on one finger only.
Indian rail It is very helpful application for smartphone  users
Very good apps Best apps other then apps available. Completely rail info.
Great one Best one. Its very fast.Really really helpful
Best App So much Useful ...... Awesome App for Railway Travelling
Awesome It's great app. One shud have it
Nice app Helped me alot
Best Indian Railway application This is the best railway application I have gone through.
Best app This one is best app for railway. One minor correction needs In second seating chair map no 25 found twice.
Super app This is a use full app in railway passengers...
Works well Pnr bookmark is a pretty cool feature
Nice and fast application works better
Awesome Best and fast app for railway.
Very useful as well as handy app. Best in its category. Keep it up
I really find it very easy  fast showing results. I liked it.
Premium Tatkal Please update premium tatkal feature
Best app Gives all the information you need for indian railways at 1 place
Indian Railway Very very nice app
Nice app Really helpfull..very accurate
xellent One of the best application to access indian railway
AR All indian railway apps use but not 4 month see.This app 4 month see.
