Ravi As the name it's quick and easy to find and book appointment
Good App indeed Very good app, easy to do things  just a click away 
Userfriendly Liked the Doctor is Out feature, which tells the patient whether the doctor is available or not.
Excellent Super Sonic app
Awesome app Easy and seamless appointment booking. Loved it
5 stars for continuously improving the app Nice app with good appointment booking experience. Has good coverage of doctors in Bangalore. 100 thousand downloads within a few months speaks volumes in itself. Development team is very receptive to feedback.
Good app Easy and hassle free appointment booking
Incredibly Good I can't imagine anything more convinient than this. Kudos to the team for the continuous improvement.
Very helpful Makes appointment booking and tracking easy
Good
nice app very easy to book appointments
Very convenient
Super App
Excellent Very helpful
Very convenient Very easy and smooth to use, and does its work very well. Makes booking appointments extremely easy. The ability to see reviews for doctors is also very valuable.
Great app evokes strong praise, the app is fine and gets everything right for me Useful and stealth.
never leaves me high and dry be it finding doctors in any city, the app does a good job
Nice app nothng more sensation than this app to get the doctor consultations sorted, thanks for making it all look so flawless
Awessom app every great thing was once small, and this app demonstrates great resliance in getting what I want.
I am loved the app good app doctors appointment confirm its real app fratures super the best doctors are mapped rightly on qikwell, it indeed is the best doctor finding app.
Nice app after landing to chennai my sister fell sick, that day we found usefulness of app which got us doctors and showed us the way to the clinic.
Nice app a bit hit We were on a trip to goa, and no had no idea where to find doctors in panji, but this app did a great job.
Nice tahnks to dis app I now dont worry about finding doctors nor about doctor consultations anymore.
