Pretty Easy and Quick This app made my banking experience so easy. Can't have better than this.. Thanks to Kotak.
Best Banking App I got most top Mobile Banks App other than Kotak Mahindra but only  Kotak Mahindra mobile Bank App is user friendly and brilliant in my view. It's user interface is so nice and cute. Options of Transfer money is even more easiest. Till today there's no issue, I love my Bank.
Love it Such a wonderful app. I try join in this company but they ask certificate submission so i never  join. But now i feel the service and love it..
It's an excellent app  Kotak has put in tremendous efforts to put its app much ahead of competition even like Citibank and HDFC  kind of banking apps. Compare to any other app available I feel Kotak app is really full of features and easy UI for handling. It's working is so seamless across Credit Card and Banking features.
To good Its good. Very usefull app . we can make any transactions in few minutes .best part mobile recharge is too fast
Made my life simpler. This has has been such a great tool to me. Almost every financial work can be done through it.
Totally love it Mobile recharge was never so easy, instant n handy... Even d neft...should also include a few things like electricity bill payment, etc
Very good    The App is very good. We don't need to enter long passwords and it shows all the details and the notifications are very good
Wonderful Job Where other banks are still struggling to offer a stable mobile platform, Kotak has done a tremendous work towards Mobile App. I face NO issues banking on Mobile during my International Travels. Fantabulous Work Guys. Much Appreciated...
Superlative Excellent thoughtfulness  Ability to add Bills and book RD is just great Nice gesture with ability to repeat a fund transfer. Fund transfer in India cant be faster than this  Thx team
Safesecure  stable We using this app for last 6months, feeling very safe and user friendly...
Enabling finances with ease The finest app thus far in the world of banking.. I have pretty much used almost every aspect of the app right from booking trips with goibibo, funds transfer, phone recharge, dth recharge,  add biller and make payments etc.. simplifying banking and making it truly mobile.. do switch to kotak changed the way I bank...
Awesome No.1 bank app in india it's a open challenge if anyone there prove it....no  better..app..then..this
Cn use anytime Its a wonderful app..you can recharge, book flight and hotel, thanks kotak
Great App This one is really great. I can do most of my transactions with great easr and in a quick time.
Very useful app for me This is very useful and feature full app. Recommended to all Kotak account holder. I dose my daily banking from this app. Good performance as well.
Awesome App Error Free and easy to use.  IMPS function is superb. Thanks Kotak
Awesome Banking App Using this app for quite sometime now and it is very user friendly. Nice layout and easy to use. One thing i feel is lacking is a way to add beneficiary which i think is currently missing.
Too easy banking Great app..easily connect.. easily fund transfer money to others bank.
Very handy Works great, very handy and user friendly. Had issues initially when installed. Had to reinstall couple of times and then it started working absolutely fine. One of the best banking app I've used till now 
