property in india wont work if housing doesnt first time I have seen an app putting efforts to post so much
Super Very nice app but than all of you use
Gr8 in such an era of inflation, the money that broker charges hurts, thats why housing is so rocking
Very good the best thing about this property app is that it puts up a lot of picture and puts in accurate listings.
Great app. very practical to use this app to look around real estate throughout india.
complete real estate app, it also caters to finding flatmate. complete real estate app, it also caters to finding flatmate.
Awesome it has made things very better. Initially I never thught that a property app can do wonders, but housing did.
the app is brilliant, it is a sincere attempt for making a lot of changes in real estate field.
Awesome app it maps property in india quite easily, thats why this app is just so incredible, thanks.
Best app wonderfully maps everything, helps me find flats on the go, and makes life easy All with no broker.
I am yet to face any trouble with this app, it works positively for me.
Nice never runs short of awesome options for flatmates etc, housing works well for me
it is a delight to use housing, no search takes more than 5 seconds, and it gets me awesome listings.
Good It's a useful app
Great I love this app
Good app Awesome....
Good app things have been never more easier than this. Lovely work. And lovely ui. Thanks.
Awesome app Sweet design language, colors compliment each other perfectly. I would say that it is one of the better apps I have used. Looking forward to using it properly once I move next month.
too good, empowers me with the best choices for real estate in india.too good, empowers me with the best choices for real estate in india.
I had no idea how to find a room mate, but then it really became easy, I was searching a property and then something popped up asking me if I would like to know someone looking for it, it was the clinching moment.
Good app Very best app it is very well and so much clear working.. I really empress to this app delightful app for housing property.. I loved this app ...and housing property is no clear..and housing is perfect.good app so nice app very good experience nice room very good app so much living room are very good
MY FAVOURITES APP the property market in india is at its peak and there wasnt a better choice than housing for streamlining the market.
it gives its user a tremendrous advantage, housing and its superspecial team is all about leveraging things right.
good lovely Delightful of all the property apps in india Housing is perfect.
superb way to find flatmates, amazing and non intrusive, this is one of the finest apps around.
So nice very nice app it things can be turned this well, then there isnt anything as good as them Thats why this app stands apart, something unique
Good app  net it isnt just about buysell but even the add on services that were unheared of when it came to any portal that dealt with real estate in india, thats why housing is special
This application is a awesome application. With real estate app you can post a flat for sale find apartment for rent, buy a new property. Discover a house for purchase. This app is right choice to purchase new property.
Good app amazing, this is the most delightful of all the property apps, truly awesome work from you all
Brilliant.  Helpful app piled up the best houses on the go The perfect app for real estae in india. Amazing.
Vinay now that I am using housing, let me tell you that it is one of the most fantastic apps in the business.
housing rocks, with the choice of room mates as diverse as this, I have no doubt that this will continue to spearhead all the proeprty apps.
what fascinates me is the fact that you put so much of effort to list up property, visit in person for pics and all, thats great.
there is no reason why you wouldnt want to explore this app, it just keep things better and alive. A wow app to find room mate
Nice app nicely lists everything This is the finest and most awesome of the property apps, thanks for taking care of all the tasks
Really loved it as long as I hv you folks helping me with room mates I dont need anythng else.
too good, if property apps were like this then I would have swtiched onto housing way back
saw the banner ad first at dadar, tried using it, and it really did work well for me, I recommend using housing.
