I luv it But Mr. Mandavgane ji plz update your calender it still shows Sravan month n according to hindu mythology Sravan month is over. Janmastmi always comes in da month which comes after Sravan ok. Plz update it else I'll have to  unistall it ok plz do the needful
Very Good Please add more festivals with details and analysis of kundali. Abhijeet muhurt is said to be as 'Ashubh' or inauspicious but some sources consider it 'Shubh' or auspicious. What's your considerationIs it an error of The app
Not working It is very much useful app Mr. Developer. But the latest update is not working properly in my phone Micromax A110. The earlier version was quite friendly... I am not saying that this version not useful but shut down the application. Plz resolve it as soon as possible.
It has always helped in finding out about various days despite my very limited knowledge.
Awesome, thanks for this app. Really awesome app. Too useful for those who follow Hindu calendar. I have a suggestion if possible then do add the nakshatra position of planet while checking kundali. This is my 4th Android device in last 4 year and this is among in first list of apps I install on unboxing really helpful and must for Hindus. Thumbs up Alok.
Mistake in calender As per your calender shrawan maas will begin on 15th of august...please rectify else specify why its different from others what is your theory
I strongly recommend this Fantastic app. Loved it. Helpful for all those who are interested in astrology
Gr8 app It is very helpful for those who keep looking for the dates of the festival, other than that it is filled with cool stuffs. Really liked it.
Very good, useful and handy Authentic and can be customized to any location. Great reference.
Excellent 5 stars.. no words..amazing app. Nice update..match making and indian time clock..gud job
Easy,free and Multilingual Hindi,english and so many languages. Very easy and best thing.. Its free.    Jai Shree Ram..
Super app But we want have bhavanavamsha varsha kundali antardasha also so plc give this opportunity for all people astrologers thank u bro
Hindu Calendar Very very good calendar, I like it. Please add one more Vikram Samvat of date which is using in Nepal and also convert VS to AD, AD to VS.
T Sekhar Very useful. I request that eclipse timings should also be indicated. O am not finding Rahu kaal in the Day Panchaang. Where do I see it
Very useful. Very useful and must have application on every phone. Creat your own JANAMPATRI and practice jyotish yourself. Improving with every updates. Great app. Thanks.
Good App Very nice app, Useful to astrologers for basic info. Calculations. Useful to common people also to now basic Telugu calander info
Very good                  
Brilliant, best kundali  hindu calender app ever Ever evolving  improving app.The only hindu calenderpanchangkundali app, All in one app, I recommend. Does what it's made for  written in description. Keep up the good work. Thanks
Great Effort Sir, i can't say in words about this application's quality. I am very very very happy from your best apps,  i wish Lord Shiv always help in your good efforts. Thanks a lot..
Inder  singh Saluja Best App . Please give the sunrise time of hindu system ie. middle of sun disc rise.
Off line information is worth appreciating.  Please also mention your contact number, if possible
Well done Some nice features added smartly marvalous job fully satisfied better then others
Clean App If can include karva chauth, navratri dates as well then it would be good.
Excellent Inserte KUNDALI FAL KATHAN Online Option....                                    And also provide Microsoft's Lumia phones Version,Please...
