M connect. Best mobile banking app This is one of the best mobile banking app across India. Earlier I wasn't able to retrieve all the accounts created under one cust id but now the problem is solved. Kudos M connect team Cheers
Wonderful app Very good app for android user. Some users complain that app does not fetch all accounts of same customer id, they need to understand that mobile banking is a compact form of banking like debit card. it is not customer id specific as netbanking. Mobile bankingIMPS etc are accountADHARMMIDmobile nodevice specific  application designed for small,retail,individual transfers and payments.
Good app Bank knows the user's requirements .and full filled very well....thanks to bank of baroda
Awesome App Very easy to learn using   Fund transfers made easy  Recharges are faster than recharge apps,  even faster than the recharge from network provider.A great app and must have one.
Ms.Hazarilal Narender Kumar Iwe, are unable to veiw ministatement  it's showing last transaction is failed.What shall I do whether to delete this app 
This is a very good application,using which you can do almost all kinds of banking transactions, save deposit account opening, etc.
Loved it Now I can recharge my mobile in the middle of night without even using visa card.
Satisfies basic needs very well... Nice app which satisfies basic needs like accnt blnc enquiry,instant fund transfer,mobile rechrg etc...you should try it..it is very easy,simple and most importnt very secure..you just need to register your mobile number and you are good to go..now u dnt nd to wry if u forget the mpin..just go to the nearesr bob atm and do the forget mpin opertn there..u will rcv new mpin instantly..
Banking on Finger tips App is really awesome.... no words to express happiness .. bcoz it saves my money n time travelling to Bank and even more now i can escape from long waiting queue.. People who are in negative thoughts with this app... should gain some knowhow on using the app.. thanks BOB tech team for designing this app..
Awesome app I can send money via imps in less than 30 seconds in any bank......Its user friendly and haaasle free....Loved it....
NO OTHER BANK'SAPP LIKE THIS . Very good app by bank of baroda . I did not face any problem with this app. Realy it's nice app by bank of baroda. I did many  banking transaction by it  But i not founded any problem.
