Great It gives me a good selection of FREE books The only thing that could make it better is more stories
I am addicted to the app I am always reading a new story but I don't like the update for Android I mean its OK but I liked it better before the update
Umhm... Wattpad is amazing, but I miss the older version 
Amazing way of reading everybody should r8 5
This app is amazing plain and simple.
So great
Best app I love going on it
Stay on it Man this thing is so good I can never get off of it
Being a reader, i can pretty much say this is one of the best apps on my phone. There are some glitches but i think theyve been solved in the latest update. Some chapter updates cannot be read and you need to log out and log back in. Cheers.
Awesome This app is amazing it gas some problems but nothing too big I love it me and my friends use it all the time best app ever 
My favourite app It's an amazing app that makes me travel into different worlds and in different positions without even moving from my house and it's economical free...love it
I recommend it It's very good app Does what it's supposed to do. Perfect for listening to music while reading my favorite books Or when I I have nothing to do,  or for wasting some time I love this app if your having second thoughts don't and you don't know if you can trust it, you can If you like to read this is your appD
it's starting to really glitch out on my android device and i'm so annoyed. i can't add stories to my library because when i refresh the description it says i haven't added it. i click it at least 5 times and it still doesn't save the story creating is also a problem, it'll glitch out when you're writing a chapter and either save half of it or not at all it takes forever to write good chapters and then it stuffs up please fix this app, you've ruined it.
Great but I love this app and I've been using it for years but the one thing I loved was that I could search books in my archive but now ever since the update I can't Please put it back
Wattpad I absolutely loved this app but now it won't let me login please someone help me I tried deleting the app and re downloading it but it still won't work please I just want to read
