Really sir u are working hard to make our nation just like     foreign............................. Oh I mean better than foreign                                         Well done sir KEEP IT UP.                        Yours sincerely                           Jagruti kheskani                        Student                                              St.Kabir schoolNarA'bad
NAMO I don't have much to say, but what He is doing, doing with a strategy in mind as there are couple of bills are pending and they all have to get approved from Rajya Sabha, once they get passed then nobody can stop NAMO to make Bhart as a supper power. Jai Hind
I like to make my nation corruption free Want to join politics for make my Bharat Lead the world... I want to join the army but I was not because my mother says me we will alone afterwards. Recently my mother no more. I think this is the time to wear responsibility for Bharat Mata.
Best application Its great to know that, India  Indians are appreciated by whole world. Its all because of our greatest Prime Minister. Let Congress learn from him. Congress can only think of some foolish schemes for vote bank. There is nothing beyond for them.
A True Pradhansevak  PM Sir It's very useful and informative application helps to know day to day activities in Govt. We are happy he leading from front. India's first PM  so transparent and Vocal...
A visionary Prime Minister He may not be perfect, as like me, he a human being too. But, so far the best Prime Minister India ever had.  Still Congress is not learning from him at all
A Great Prime Minister Ever Great app and System which Modi Ji has Introduced . Otherwise our last Prime Minister was a Representative of Dumb India .Thank you Modi ji for Introduce a New Hi Tech India With the World .
It's gives all about or PM. We are proud of you. You are the IRON MAN OF INDIA. We salute you.  Our next generation should learn father of MODERN INDIA...
Thank God  Modi Ji This pm modi app incredible. Hats off for the work he is doing for the development of India. Carry on, we are proud of you and salute you for the same.
My best pm Shiri narendra modi desh ke sabse acha leader hai hum age chal ke pm modi jaisa acha leder  banna chhate hai
Our pm modiji Sir I am feel very proud u r our nation pm .sir my request crush anti national congy  media .
GREAT IDEA salute your idia but only one requst to you sir  i am from gujrat dist junagadh.. taluka visavadar  sir, aapne jab se gujrat k cm kursi chod di he aur pm ban kar gaye he tab se yeh 1.5 year me ye jo JYOTI GRAM YOJANA he wo thik se kam nhi kar rhi aisa feel hota he kyun ki din me 34 hours bijali katoti hoti he  Plz do something
Best App It is best app to be updated regarding our beloved PM. Also one can share hisher opinions with honorable PM Sir.
Smoother than butter.. Must have app. Highly informative. UI is superb. Just started loving this app from its first look....NaMo...NaMo..
India's most successful PM         IT        
Good one The best way to interact with a PM. For a country with a strong 1.2 Cr population this innovative way to interact is the way forward. You should share the best governance practices and ideas and innovations, that INDIA will benefit from, in this group. We should do everything possible to make our country the best.
Our most beloved and best PM Shri Narendrabhai Modi is undoubtedly the best ever PM of our great Nation, Bharat and we are really very proud of him. May Almighty shower His maximum Blessings on him and give him very long life with very good health and enough strength     to finish our internal as well as external enemies and make India the World Leader in all respects. Sadar Pranam and Respects  Kishor Popat, Ahmedabad.
He is a master mind person for people in all over world because he has a wide vision for world, not for India only.  After a five year of his PM membership in  India, he will become a great person of world, specially for Vikas development in any field.
Respect sir This is a great app to know about government daily work or also Mr. Prime Minister.
What an Incredible Speech from our beloved Prime Minister Narendra Damodar Modi ji. What an incredible Indian. NAMASTUBHYAM NAMASTUBHYAM NAMASTUBHYAM NAMONAMAH   FDI  Foreign Direct Investment      First Develop India  Fast Develop India  Fully Developed India
After update you need to logout and login again Loved it all Indian should try it once
Ty u pm modi ji Loved ur effort to improve our india from the very core
Best way found This is first time in my life i saw soo approachable PM in India... but Sir please make relation with nepal better and make them same nepal with thy were for India ... most educated Indian young generation is with u dnt worry sir...
Must have app to every Indian ,to know the government daily works.Nice UI thnx to PM .Loved it
Modi ji....humara desh humara nhi rha..........par aapke aane ke vad esa lagta hai ki aap Bharatvasi ko uska bharat bapas mil jayega....just make every bharatvasi 100 power full to conquer his own kingdom.....we love modi thanks for removing videshi congress party...and thanks for making your political logo KAMAL.....just make the path for us and we'll run on them.........may god give you long year of kingdom...vaise I'm not 18...soo...I'm feeling not well because I wanted to vote 4 modi ji ...
Very informative  useful. A Dedicated Honest Prime Minister India Got.Rome was not built over night.India will shape new height soon
Nice interface Must have app in the times when media is losing it's trust. This app provides other side of news. Very good and user friendly interface.
Awesome work Bcoz media dont show everthing.. but you tell us..
Nice app Gives regular updates of untiring efforts put up by our beloved PM in making a stronger  vibrant India
