Great running app Best running app.  Been using this app for years. They took some features away for the premium paid version couple years ago, but it's still my favorite.
Very easy and convenient It is so easy to keep track of my runs and workouts with this app...I use it often to run or bike by myself, but also when I run or walk my dogs.  Such a great app
Great app While I was running it kept my time, updated me on all of my miles, and told me my mile splits. This a great app for runners and anyone who wants to get in shape. The GPS feature makes this app the best running assistant, I highly recommend this app to anyone.
Does what you need it to do and seems very accurate
Awsome It's nice to see how far I walk with my dog.  It's also gives me the chance to push myself to the next level
Just getting started I finished
Nice app
I do love this app
Great app
Fantastic free app I have never been competitive about running and have just done the same 3k run for over a year since completing Couch to 5k. Map My Run has made me think about different routes and pushing my times and now I often run 58k.
Program is able to link all fitness devices.  It is core tracking program.
Just started Love it so far
Fantastic Great for tracking your riding.
Hoofing
Simple and packed full of features that actually work This product is the result of a great team and great thinking. It's accurate and supports connection to most of the biggest HRM's and fitness trackers. I especially like the audio feedback during the run so you know how you are doing without having to reach into your pocket and check. Great app
I love this app. It always knows where I am and gives me reliable stats. The app I previously used frequently had trouble getting the gps signal even though I almost  always started from the same place.  Now I don't have to calculate my distances or pace. Map My Run does it all for me. .
Great for tracking Great app for tracking workouts. Sometimes it is a little off on exact mileage, but that is likely due to gps lapses
Great app Map My Run is very user friendly and is able to log or record just about anything. The only thing that would make it better is adding achievements or milestones cough cough
