Absolutely Excellent APP Does exactly what it says, and I use it all the time in my job as an International Sales Manager. I download the required maps to my SD card and I am good to go wherever I am.  TIP get one of those phone holders that fits in the CD slot  makes the whole experience easy to use in the rental car. Also you'll need a high power incar charger, or your phone will die.....
Better Than Garmin Great App, so easy, have used in UK and abroad. Instructions spot on for timing, unlike others which leave you in the middle of a junction before they wake up.
Really good Have used this for two years just for getting information when planning trips. On a recent, motorhome, visit to France my Garmin was giving me ridiculous routes. I tried this and it was fantastic. Used it for most of the month. Two improvements that I would like to see, the ability to activate truck mode and to input POIs with coordinates.
It's the best apps No need for Internet.... It recalculate the route if you intentionally go off... It's smart... Hardly any error... Helps you to find places you never know in your own country... It's fun and I love the voice used
Navigator by map factor Great free navigation app. The British women's voice is extraordinary and so pleasant. I actually wish she would say more With the other navigation apps, I can't stand the nagging Voice. I gladly donate money to keep this free. It's good to see that the good old days are still alive, power in the hands of the people, you know, people helping people. We all need to show more love for one another it's just that simple. Excellent job guys
Does not work without using data and no clear instructions telling you it does and it's on my s5 .....  seems false to me especially the offline part... you need to use your data... unless you can tell me otherwise....UPDATE. ....  USED TWICE NOW AND JUST NEEDED TO BE PATIENT TRYING AND GETTING USED TO IT. .. WORKS WELL...
Awesome App Not perfect . Surprised some streets were not on the maps but overall, very good and reliable. I use  on a tablet that does not have a data plan so I dont have to eat up my phone battery and data.
Wonderful Sat Nav Love it. Works perfect on my Kis, medion 4002 and Hudl2. Well done thank you. Great  it does it all offline.  Now on Lollipop   Still works great except for the Channel Tunnel..Mapfactor blame openstreet, openstreet blame Mapfactor,  this being an eternal problem when developers get protective, I live in hope someone will talk to someone and solve it, but not holding my breath.  Still good but could be better.
Very Reliable Definitely a must have app. Works well even when traveling overseas Great performance with accurate instructions. Would be nice if it would continue to provide navigation with the screen off to save more battery but I still rate it 5 stars. Thanks for saving my phone data for more important things  like watching videos of stupid human tricks
Easy and reliable The interface is straight forward reliable and accurate good job
So far so good Have found this sat nav to be one of the best so far. Various UK routes have worked fine. My only criticism is that the coloured camera icon and the road speed icon on the right hand side are too small. Sometimes you don't notice that they are there. Otherwise fine. Notice that speed icon is larger. Great, just need the camera icon to match and it will be perfect.
Works great Like the graphics and has got me to my destination every time. I need to get something for screen glare. The voice directions are clear and concise for someone with a slight hearing problem. This is the first app I have ever used and at 69 years old find it easy to understand and use. Love it.
En route The most configurable navigation software that I've tried, and very reliable. As a delivery driver it's a godsend to be able to set up vechicle size. Lane assist also excellent as is the DOOM speedcam warning.  I would LOVE to have traffic data integrated... even as a paid option. And an easy improvement I'd like a Google voice search accessible straight from the home screen to save multiple button presses. 
Zatim ok Jeste se placam v zadavani start cil a jeho editaci. Nenasel jsrm moznost Najdi me. Jinak skvela navigace, pesky autem kamionem atd. Doporucuji Edit 23.10.2015 everythink ok, still working on 100. Still great navi.
Great App I've used other free GPS apps and they were worthless.  This app worked perfectly   Highly recommend.
Very good app  4 years and i love mapfactor maps But i have a problem when you have added edit color theme and till now when i enter to edit the app force close Please fix it  I GIVE FOR THIS APP 5 stars because every month you add more options inside the maps ,very good graphic, but i am happy if you add weather option inside the map
Excellent Apps U got option to upgrade for those premium features or u can stick around for the free version. Map data is pretty accurate.
Great OfflineNo Service Nav App Traveling in South Carolina means a lot of backroads and a lot of deadzones. After the flooding hundreds of roads were closed, but this navigator was still able to guide me from Columbia to Georgetown safetly and on one the fastest routes I've ever taken Considering I updated only two weeks after the floods, it showed every road closure including the usual shortest route I take. Definitely a must have for traveling
