Passed nremt with this app The questions on the nremt are worded very similar, and a few verbatim.  I used this app and the EMT pass app to study. I did not use the book, instead I looked up the words in the questions that I didn't completely know.
I'd totally recommend this app Failed my NR first try but.....Passed my NR on second try after downloading  this app
Passed my national the second time This app is fantastic, the best 10.00 I've ever spent on NREMT study material, because that's exactly what this is I did all of the 150 question tests and remembered the answer, did all of the practice reviews, these questions are hard and really get you ready for the NREMT,get it, I'm crying I passed.
Passed nremt first time with this app Consistently practicing with this app on weak points and Googleing any med terms, pathophysiology, etc of anything unclear is the way to go.
Great review I passed nremt first time no problem, and I spent a lot if spare minutes using this app  Working towards paramedic now and I still love to pop this open and review whenever I can.  Thank you
This app helped me pass my nremt the first time, really good questions.
Passed NREMT first time This app is well worth the money. I passed the NREMT the first time and this played a huge part. I studied this app atleast 2 hours a day, throughout the day when I had some spair time. Some of the questions on here were almost word for word on the NREMT. I would recommend this to anyone taking the NREMT.
Great study guide I found this app helpful when I used it for emt school while i wasnt in class. I Would pop it out on my lunch or break or before going to bed and test my self everyday.  It has helped me passed the nremt. Now i work as a emt and i still use this app to test my self in the ambulance or whenever i have down time. I recommend this app.
Helped pass NREMT Lots of information in a compacted format. The app actually tells you why you are right or wrong. Similar wording to NREMT questions.
Took my nremt for the first time last saturday. Shut me down at 63 questions and I passed Only one question verbatim on the test but they prepare you for the type of scenario questions you will see
Best study guide for any EMT to be
Love this app
I passed my NREMT  I failed my NREMT the first time. After, I downloaded this app to help me study when I had free time. I passed the second time so I think it definitely helped me understand the format of the registry and give me similar scenarios. Worth the 10 for sure.
Great material This app worked for me, and I think it's worth the 10 bucks. I could study anywhere and everywhere at anytime, and passed the test on first try with 80 of course this is no substitute for the class but theseguys have done an awesome job at explaining everything. Idk if free aps can offer same type of material. Very relevant to the test.
Great My teacher who was a great combat medic introduced me this app...and I really like it ...its helped me alot . Great app. Totally worth it
Studied all the tests and passed national registry with no problem.
Way worth it Worth more than the 10 bucks the app costs. Helped me pass my National Registry Great review Very comprehensive
I love it Please add more about the airway
Perfect I just passed the NREMT test on first try, this app was perfect and prepared me for the way the questions would be worded.
Worth the money Passed the NREMT on the first try when I was in combat medic school in ft sam. My instructor talked me into getting it and GUARANTEED a first time pass. And he was right...
Awesome Worked great Passed NREMT on my first attempt
Passed the NREMT Great app Really helped me pass It was pretty much all I used to study for the NREMT and I am definitely happy
Excellent Makes studying for the NREMT exam simple
Big help
Love it I had to factory reset my phone and I am going to download the app again for free.
Perfect study app  I use this constantly to review and test myself It all payed of at my exams and quizzes Passed with highest scores in the class. 
A Very helpful Worth paying for, passed my National Registry yesterday and had used this app daily to prepare.
Great app I bought this app after taking the NREMT test  failing, I studied it EVERY chance I got  used just this app to study. Went back to test again  passed.... The best 9.99 ever spent on an app. I have suggested it to other people who are getting ready to take the NREMT test. 
As a medic in the army, This app is helping me in my training quite a bit.  Worth every bit of of ten dollars
So worth the money I got this app and 2 wks later passed the test. Its great cuz you can study anywhere without carrying a book. I would recommend this to every new EMT
