Very accurate.  Approaching 500 miles.  Some tips 1. You can set it to come on automatically at the time of your choosing. 2. Under settings upper right icon you can enter your age, weight, stride length. 3. If you forget to  slip your phone in your pocket, you can manually add step to an hour of any day. 4. One day it was raining for my walk to work, so my phone went in my backpack in a plastic bag. Really Raining.  It measured the same distance had I had it in my pants pocket.  Very nice app.
Jephy The step length option along with age and weight options are great for accuracy. Best part is it doesn't tell me I could do better or to join a group.
Simple to use. Turn it on and leave it. Just  click on the icon to see your step count for the day or week. Seems to use very little battery and not need GP or other applications running. 100 reliable for me on a Samsung S3. Great Little gizmo.
Bob n Nothing fancy just tells you what you've walked. Not sure how it can work out calories with info provided tho
Works Well I used this on a previous HTC handset and was underwhelmed,  however,  on the HTC ONE mini 2 and it's pretty accurate. I like the simplicity.
Great app Nice and simple and pleased I can adjust to miles instead of kms. Surprised me just how many miles I do in a week  mainly with the dog I'm sure
Good I find it works good. Gives calory I burn, distance I walk, and saved me from buying p ne of those expensive gadgets. I would surely recommend this app. Most important, it motivates me to go out. Thank you for the app.
Just what I wanted and more After suffering serious knee problems and losing weight to ease them I wanted to monitor and increase my daily step count without adding another item to my pocket. This app has done the job admirably and is as accurate as any of my expensive pedometers were. Brilliant for me.
Easy to use and accurate Simple format that is easy to use.  Can easily reference previous days. Accurate even while browsing on phone and walking.
Dependable and accurate I got tired of other apps missing huge periods of my day, so on the recommendation of a friend came here. Glad I did. Now I know how active I really am during the day.
Awesome lets me know how far ive traveled each night.explains why im tired lol
Love this ap. Love being able to see how far I have walked. Not only for the day but week and month.. Just wish I knew where to find the same for bike. Only bad thing about it drains battery. But hey u can't have everything.. All of a sudden this had stopped working...  Was great now I can't make it work.. Pity cross I liked it. Also a draw back was had to have in hand the whole time out walking. PH I mean. 
Fantastic App It's hard to imagine any thing free nowadays, especially something useful that actually performs better than it claims. This pedometer app does Its easy to use and and very useful. It one of my most useful tools in helping me achieve my weight loss goals I highly recommend you get it
Very informative and personal This pedometer app is very accurate. It has many great features. It shows your steps, calories burned, distance walked, and time spent walking. It also allows you to input your age, weight, and gender for more accurate calories burned. You can even adjust your stride if you have longer or shorter than usual strides for a more accurate step count. Highly recommended
Guess this is an update ...don't remember rating b4 but guess I did, probably 4 same reason as now, cuz it keeps asking me to  sick of saying remind later hoping rating it stops that cuz it really is great at what it's created 4.
Enlightening Like all the different features, if the step amount is not 100 accurate,  don't care, gives me much needed motivation.
