Wow... How will you handle obtaining the food stuff here in thirty minutes Haha damn it can be raining a lot in mumbai now a days
Very nice app As m also wrking in ecommerce it is very difficult to fulfill customer aspiration. Very nice efforts by team. Please add more varieties in main course and combo meal. Grt wrk.
nothing gets more better than this This app is like the best app around For me there isnt anything like this.
Nice No problems in indore ,got the order and money in wallet on time... need to eat the food now to see how it is... will write about it too... Yup the food is also fantastic ... Have used the app twice now ... Surpassed every other food ordering service I have used till date
Best food but little bit costly I m become big fan of yours but plz reduce some price many dishes are over priced
I like this app so much tht so far I have got 10 folks on board. Faasos is just the best that one can get.
into the applications credit history it gets food supply performed in sharp 30 minutes or what ever time that it claims, that actually tends to make every little thing appear incredible and enjoyment.
using this application will make a perfect perception than generating quite a few phone calls for placing orders and follow ups for deliver. The app is actually remarkable. Really like working with it
Fastest delivery Quick delivery and good food only one thing i want is to have separate menu option like shahi paneer,  soya chap,  rumali roti tandoor etc. Please add these type of food in ur menu.
Brilliant an app that really tends to make up for nearly every little thing for any good food purchasing experience.
Very good this is actually the most effective way of ordering food stuff, I never have to stick to up on meals supply as soon as I location an buy, way too nice and excellent.
Good food exceptional thing with regards to the application is its personal wallet and discounts that it normally will come up with as far as on the net food get goes, the app does its work. Pretty well
