Fantastic It is my daily driver app..I have improved my vocabulary with its 'word of the day' notification.. But there is one thing which needs to be implemented asap to make this app more awesome..I cannot save words which i have marked as favourite..i lose all these words when i uninstall and reinstall this app..look forward for this update..thanks..
Best dictionary app Good looking, snappy performance, nice features.
Dictionary ABSOLUTE BEST OF THE BEST       I USE IT CONSTANTLY,   BENEFIT FROM IT DAILY  LEARN FROM AND ENJOY USING THIS  DICTIONARY ABOVE ALL OTHERS    IT HELPS ME WITH  SPELLING, WITH  COMPARISONS,  MEANIGS,  YOU NAME IT.  IT IS A PRICELESS COMPAINON FOR ME
Loved it A little slow on the startup and loading pages but a second or two never really bothers me. There is so much information it's more than I can remember. I think more grammer quizzes would be great for a more interactive experience. I am excited for new updates and hoping for even more awesome stuff to do with this app.
Where are my upgrades I cant access the upgrades that i paid for. Seemed better before I paid for it.
Nurse It is a very handy tool for me that I have ESL.  Thanks much.
The mobile dictionary of choice Love this dictionary...  not only easy to find, total explanation,  with many reference books, but also many other features.  One is word of the day
Most useful app on the playstore Never have I been more happy paying for an app as for this one. Simply fantastic
Good,but not perfect Please offer user flashcard functionand offline content of Leaner
Great Words I love dictionaries and this one in particular. I have used its various updates on several phones. This app has worked well on every phone . Though I have used this dictionary for years, today I finally set it for offline. Ena
Illuminating So much more than a mere Dictionary. Dr Johnson would have loved it .
Great features The dictionary is awsome, and deserves 5 stars. it's useful. Good job
All around great app. I love it. It's definitely worth the money Especially if you buy all the upgrades at once.
Wonderful A truly wonderful app....go for the paid version....caters to all your needs....
Excellent dictionary I always find what I need. The word of the day is fun too and very educational.
Great dictionary... One of the best I have used.
Best. Very nice and useful application in all Dictionary
The best I use this app all the time. I look forward to my 'word of the day' every day and have learned some great stuff. It is all the dictionary you will ever need.
Love it. Fantastic. It's great.
Daily Challenge Every day I try to work out the meaning and its base before I go to the definition. On the phone, only the word shows first, unlike computer where all the details are available right away.
Dictionary Best one yet goes deep into the world of words  definitions
Solid Enjoying an adfree experience.
Kimathi's dictionary rating It's absolutely essential for a creative writer. I learn new words daily.
