Coolest game ever Although this is supposd to be a brain exercising thing it really doesnt feel so. Itz literally way more fun than just that. With so many mini games. You can just keep playing the games  trying to get a high score each time and train your brain powers at the same time. So its actually really cool
One word  epic The interface is very attractive. The animations are great. The challenges are made into fun mini games. It makes you forget that this game is a brain teaser. Very fluid gameplay. The time just rans past me.
Love it So good app, maybe the best in the app store, but damn, the pro version is so expencive  lower the price at least with 40, please
Best Utility learning App Best utility application one can get on play store. If I've the means I would definitely opt for the pro version. I'll advice anyone to pick this app, any day, any time.
The game is really good. I am very week when its comes to calculation and mathematics. But surprisingly in maths I've reached my first advanced level. If you wanna improve your brain function in a fun way I suggesting this app. I hate mathematics and will try my level best to keep away from it. But the games in this app made me love mathematics games.
Great and relaxing mind game So glad to finally have found a game that i actually enjoy playing without all the extra crap thrown in. Great way to spend idle time when i'm bored.
Great Game This is allowing me to wake up in the morning and I have included it in my morning routine 
Love it Really passionate about it. It's a must for any foreign student who wants to achieve great expertise in English. Thanks Elevate team
Such a wonderful app tailored for you This is most amazing memory and brain  development app I have used to date. Amazing set of minds have developed an app for an amazing mind.
Better than luminosity This is so much better than luminosity. It starts with like 30 games right off the bat,  and let's you unlock more as you go as opposed to being forced to purchase them  though you can purchase Pro if you so feel to.  The cost to purchase Pro is still less than luminosity Pro. Very happy with this app.  It never crashes or freezes or anything.  Highly recommend.
Incredible I love this app. I have noticed a huge difference in my maths and vocab skills in everyday life and some of the tasks like focus and reading are great because I learn new things while I'm playing This is not one of those apps that pushes you to spend money, but as soon as I can afford it i am definitely buying a premium plan because the team behind Elevate totally deserve it. Best app ever and I can't recommend enough
Great application I totally loved it, interfrace is too good , games are also interactive and engaging , no gliches or bugs till now , would buy the pro version once i collect the required amount , strongly recommended.i am also seeing improvement in my vocab and mathematical skills
Mind booster game,  Really it's good feed for mind.  I like this game but sometimes it requires Internet connection to play next session.
Brill Doesn't require a lot of time and gradually gets harder, depending on your performance and your capability. Reccomend
I had this game on my iPad and now getting it for my samsung Wow. I love this game. My favorite is the one with the birds that you have to pick the word before daylight. It's a great way to have fun learning, whether you're in between classes, jobs, or on the go It's amazing. I sometimes sit down and play for hours. Creators of the game I love you If only a few more things were open for free. But I get it... business But anyway, I love this game.
Quite good I would appreciate if there were more languages available German for example
Challenging This is a fun yet challenging app that allows you to work on skills that can help you both personally and professionally
This app is fantastic It helps me in every way it's intended to. I'm very happy with it.
Phenomenal fun I tried all the brain games and this is my favourite. The games are engaging and challenging and make you keep coming back. I developed my language, maths and thinking skills a fair bit in a fun way. Just unlocked the study section and its fantastic. The upgrade price is very worth. Recommend to all.
Awesome application Able to nourish the abilities every day with fun and excitement.... Loved it alot....
It's an awesome brain training app. I am a regular user of this app. and this has helped me improve a lot academically and broaden my knowledge. I wish it was a free app.
Great training It really makes me use my brain to think and act fast at the same time
Good to go Try it you'll like it if not get something else and beat it lol
Elevate is a great mind game. Elevate, has helped improve my memory and speech. I was in an accident, I suffered a  concussion and memory loss. Elevate has helped me improve my memory and speaking skill. Elevate offers many levels for free. To purchase the full version it is excessive in cost. If Elevate would lower the cost. I would purchase the full version.
Great brain training Good fun, easy to use and great for marking your progress.
An Avid User Of Elevate Little more than just love the app. The people there have it figured out. Must really enjoy the job. Thanks, always.
