Best app for all new commers who are not able to go any cafeteria they can get information easily. Thank you.
Superb app It is very good and soooo useful for job searching candidates.Its a fantastic app.
Very useful app This app is very useful and very easy to use you got every information related job and notification on your mobile it's simple way to got all the information and all the job in our state otherwise overall India Ten Star because I really like this saif and I would suggest people to install and enjoy
This is really a very usefull app for all because we can't get enough time to follow employnent news paper regularly in our every day life.
Very useful I just thought this app would give me info just about gov jobs. But this gives me weekly info, notifications, current affairs, etc., It also provides awesome searching facility. On the whole I love this. Thank u for providing such a app
Updated government jobs Very useful you don't have to search latest job every time. Only you have to do is keep your net on
AmazingWonderful I will always b indebted to u for this app...Thnkuuu and keep updating and notifying
Nice app Got every update day by day of jobs and  current affairs as well no need to buy papers or go to cybercafe
Thanks for this app It's very help full app for all govt job aspirants. Love it
Ishwarnegmail Good app it is very use full to who prepared for the all government exams
Very nice app I m getting instant information about govt job vacancy.. thank you
very informative app in low size If you are reading this review I suggest you to download this app.
One stop for government jobs I used to wonder where to search jobs online but I got a magic wand through which I access the information about each and every job in India.
Very very awesome App It Gives detail info abt each job vacancy
Very Good App Because it gives instant information about current job. I like it
A Must have app for Govt. Job Aspirants Very well developed app...Accounts to all the details required to apply for the job...
Fantastic app It will help me to update the latest news and job
I really Love this app As my suggestion, please include local job details as well.. Like weekly  Employment news, add udyoga varthe, udyoga Vani kind of local news papers from Karnataka state. It will be great helps us..
