Very helpful I don't know who recommended it but it's awesome. Just one thing should be there which side of the train will the platform come should also be mentioned for alighting
Perfect info provided Every Mumbaite hvng net on phone shld use this  also all travellers arrv in mumbai shld too.
Harbour line passengers are paying surcharge but best train facilities are being provided to Western passengers wah mera Indian railways
LOVE IT I request to start one train between borivalisuratborivaliall station,including Dahisar,mira road, bhy,naigaon, vaisai,nalasopara,virar to all till suratAny time
Previous verson was really good but now shortcuts are not there, it is taking more time to search trains ...
MIRAJ PATEL This app is very useful.Because when I want to known the times of trains this app help me.
Cant check pnr status. The new UI is awesome but 'check pnr status' isn't working
Superb App Awesome application for Mumbai locators very very helpful to us, newly introduced safety for ladies is much more make this app awesome EK NO APP
I love very very very much It give right train and rail route and information of trains
Can't live without M Indicator Very very Useful.
Superb All the next schedule and route  train to be display for example churchgate to kanjurmarg
New update is cool   Brilliant job devMust for every person living in Mumbai I stay in Mumbai  I can't suggest any other app Using it for 5 year's but still brilliant app fr travelling in MumbaiNew outstation train timing is awsmAlwys gr8 jobs frm u people Keep it up If you could add journey time in Express Railway time table it will be great  Some tickets fare are missing like wadala to lower parel
A must for all Mumbaikars as well as outsiders who wants to be familiar with Aamchi Mumbai
M indicator is very useful app to me it helped me a lot while travelling
Very Good App Especially when you have to travel from western to central or central to western its help us alot
Super App Every commuters guide, very thoughtful of Mumbaikars.
Superb Every mumbaikar should have this who can blindly travel through locals.
Best app for Mumbai...However, unable to check the PNR as conveniently as it used to be earlier... Please correct the same..
Awesome App It's a great tool... Easy to use... Loved it..
Great job done Great job done Just add up the Mumbai Pune Shivneri bus timings routes, stops etc like express trains for commuters convenience.. Best anyways
Awesome app I truly love the section for Mumbai Suburban train, which indicates the side to disembark.
Best App App as well as Mumbai both rocks...This is the first ever app in my life I have rated or commented about on Google Play.
Superb app This is the best app ever to know the details about trains buses taxi fares auto fares. It helps in getting all the time table of trains. The app developer team keeps on updating the new useful features in this app. You guys are doing fantastic job. If possible plz add the features abt the various movies, various plays, various events  like book my show. Keep it up guys and keep updating the new new features in this.
Rocking new version New version updated specially like details about metro,mono,ferry etc. are too good.simply superb app for user
