Very different ,unlike, other journal's . All the best for , pumping in , different short stories , all the times . And , you can also read offline news too  Keep it up VShot 
A boredom buster The concept is very well managed by the development and editorial team. Seriously kills my boredom. Finally a 5 star deserving app
Good app Good and interested viral videos and stories.But the latest version is not open my galaxy star S5282 i.e forcely closed..Please help me.
Great news app First news app witch is so intresting. I love this app
The most amazing news application Great job guys. Are you looking for contributors of the stories you post
Love this Have latest news of world
Perfect app for filtered news
Amazing app everytime a new story  amazing .i like this
Awsm Add Punjabi language
Fun and informative Luved the app...it gives you quick glimpse of whats up in the world and around you...great job
all in one..lv it
The is the best app Thanks for the new version my good wishes with you for new version thanks to you
Nice app
Goooooood Good app for news
Once you install the app, you will be asked if you want to read the news stories in English Hindi or in Bengali. However, you can change the language anytime from the menu bottom of the screen. T
Great app Just love it
Gud
Awesome one page news n facts With the good news n facts interface, I love the sharing option. Its amazing. The UI can be a bit better. But no complaints. Fantastic work
Bugs fixed Very nice app with interesting news but a recent update has worsened its performance. After new stories are loaded it goes blank and I hv to restart the app for reading those stories. Apart from that it suddenly loads new stories and take me to the first story while I m reading anything else in between. Please fix the bugs. Now in the recent update they have fixed this bug. Thanks Viralshots.
NeWs Its very usefull app must downloud every student and also who want knowledge
Good one Helps me to kill free time in an educational way.
