Not satisfied I have use last 2 years this apps. But today I have realizes this apps is not satisfied I have lose rs 445. I will call Custer care but not received and not any email ans. So download other apps
i love this.apppp tooo good mindblowig.. this is very quick.....mobiquick....... IS EXCELLENT... no comment...lovelove ....tooo good just brilliant. . New graphics awesome. ...
A very good app Fantastic app. Sometimes it happens my recharge not done and money deducted from wallet simply you have to go help section and raise a help ticket so they guide you better....ThnX...........plz provide offers for old users like paytm otherwise i dont need your app
Need more cash back offer for old user... I love it. Easy and simple... the all new mobikwik app is awesome.... though mobikwik does not provide enough attractive cash back offer to old user yet app is good... its very easy...  and helpful
New UI is so addictive and VibrantLove it Best way to recharge although I wish got more coupon codes and cash back options like paytm but the cash option and deposit in bank make up for it
This is Ratan Vaishnav Hello Friends, Ye Jo Mobikwik Aap EkDamNo.1 He Kyun ki Isme Mobile Recharges, DTH Recharges Bina Kisi Rukawat Or Hato Haat Hojata He. Main Aapko Ye Suchit karta Hu Ki Jo Log Iss App k Bare Me Galat Kehte He Unki Baato Me Naa Aaye OK. Or Iss app Ka Bharpur Laab le. Thank U Sir I Love This App I Will Give 5 Stars
Superb Very easy n good app very useful for all
When I came from s4 to note4 my omount 177 had transferred loved it
Best app ever Every week get new offer ... and highest cash back I get as compared to other site.   Thanks for saving our money mobiwik
Keka It is very usefull and very spped for cash transfer billings  recharges etc .,...
Save time Any time any where can do rc. N loving it. None to depend.
Love d app....sorts me anytime anywhere for anykind of payment or transfer
Simply awesome I m using it since 6 months and i hardly found any problem . From my opinion its superb app. Mobikwik is a simply  awesome. Only problem is payment 4 lic is not available and mobile recharges topup and new schemes r not update kindly do needful kwikly
Galaxy Smartphone It's very good wallet for Mobile Recharge, Bill Payment and Shopping
