Shree Siddhivinayak Consultancy Sir its really a good tool for lic agents. Just add our commission details also. Wonderful job jigar bhai. Good keep it up.
This is very useful and handy. Good thing is it works offline
I LIKE IT This application is very good response through our marketing easier to handle so kindly update new version of ser.tax.
Thanks for new updation.  It will be more better if u updated commission menu for agents
Great It is a simple and effective app. Although adds disturb you but it is free app. Great work.
Good app It is a very help full app thank you Jiger bhai.
Superb one Highly useful to all the field force, really Appreciate the developer for providing it for free for all.
Add new folders for all primum paid certificate for TeX Very nice and usfull
very nice  jigerbhai you are a jeanious person in insurance industry Thnx a lot.
Its very useful. Thanks sir for the help i get in closing every new case.
Why would someone give 4 stars Excellently implemented...
Very Good Pls add commission details.....All is Well
Very useful This app is very handy,simple and extremely useful.
Very useful app for my profession, thanks.
Very useful  needful Jigarbhai, hatts off you, u have done very best job, very useful for us, god may bless you.
Great app Better than any other app in the market...
Excellent, a must to download for any insurance professionals.
Its very easy to calculate premium by any body
V v useful app tq u v much
Excellent Excellent App.Good work done by developer.Moreover frequently updates the changes.
Rating ia This app has the highest rating of client satisfaction.  I give 5rating to this app. Really Jigar is genius.
Dear Sir ,  Add pdf format if possible
Super Keep it up. Plz ad plan presentation also.
Great app Very useful  user friendly.
Thank You for making this app. It is very useful to us
LIC PREMIUM CALCULATOR Wish you all the best
Dinesh mangale It is very helpful application
Goodluck Advisory Services Very good app
Excellent apps Very useful apps for agent I want to you pls add more information about the policy
Gowda Very gud app for lic professionals
Thanks Jigar ji Very well software
