Love it You get so much for the price and always at yr fingers. ..just wish it would update it's missing oils added the last few yrs
Love It, Best Essential Oil App Still not quite as good as the book, but getting better with every update. The easiest way to access info on the go.
Resource at my fingertips What an amazing source. I use it all the time  My oils are changing my life. Don't you want them to change yours, too Go for it
Reference Guide to Essential Oils Great way to have information about all your EO's at your fingertips, anywhere, anytime.  I use it at least a dozen times a day
Awesome Guide I think this is one of the best Young Living guides on essential oils. App works great on my tablet and phone.
Reference Guide to Essential Oils So great to not have to carry my 3 inch thick book everywhere I go
Best Reference, Fast and Easy I have some expensive oil books but I have to say I use this reference the most.
Updated review Love this app. It's easy to use and understand. Would love for the Vita Flex Point diagram to be included.
Love this ap One of the best EO aps ever
Reference Guide to Essential Oils The Very Best Reference with share technology.  Kudos Please add All Young Living Essential Oils
Handy I have a reference book for my personal use but this app is great for times when I can't get to my book.
Fantastic for an Oil In fussed Lifestyle
Amazing Life saver basically haha
Love I love this app It really helps with so much.
Love this app  Use it all the time  so much easier to carry around than the pocket guide really like the pocket guide too
Love this Oily Ap Like having the Big Higley with me all the time So glad this came out
Oil reference guide Best way to love your oils knowledge at your fingertips i am a resource seeker
Love it  Very handy app for having your essential oil questions answered while on the go
Great app Easy to use and everything you ever needed to know about essential oils and how to use them. Great reference guide.
Great info Love having it handy.
Great app This app has lots of good info and it's easy to use.
Love this I love this app When I go out, I don't want to bring my EOPR with me and this app helps I do ask that it please be updated with the new oils...other then that, it's awesome
Wonderful Much easier to use and carry than the book.
Awesome App Great on the go reference when I'm not near my book
Pretty sweet Love the notes tab.
Teresa Harris Love, Love ,Love this It's my go to.
Great go to resource I use this daily. This app is easy to easy to use.
Ref Guide to Essential Oils
Love Only wish I could GIFT it to my friends. Come on Google. Give me a gift option in the play store. The fruit company does
So awesome I  use this app almost daily So convenient and informative. Love
