A pocket recharge shop cum pocket bank. Shmart The smartest wallet by all means. Exciting cashback offers to keep the customers on their toes. I need not go to my bank for simple transfers since I've downloaded this app. Priority towards their customer is the reason behind the sudden ascent among the other recharge apps. 4050 cashback for recharges was just a dream until Shmart came into the scene. It's always the end user who benefits by using their service. Shmart, you rock
FabApp Shmart Wallet is fabulous It is always a step ahead of any other mobile wallets today, Not just in terms of attractive recharge offers but many other kickss features. No other wallet allows me to transfer money to bank. And tell me. Who give you a personalised card linked to your wallet These 2 are the coolest feature of this app which makes it superior and most convenient Kudos'
Best user friendly app Excellent performance with mind blowing offers for customer.Happy to be an Shmartian  recommeded to my friends.I love it through my heart
User freindly Gone through many of apps but this one is most user friendly in fact its very quick to use as compared to other apps its 100 times better, rather its very safe and secured other apps lagged many a times but this app din't made me disappointment, too much impressed with this app
Excellent app This is  such fabulous app I highly recommend this for any type of online payments like recharge bills DTH.... very easy in use and convenient
Very nice app I give 5 star ........its work very well ........most importent thinks is that .thy promise any offer thy  work perfect
I always use shmart Shmart is best app for  money transfer to bank... simply add from dc cc and withdrawal to any bank ac at  zero processing charges
Awesome app After downloading Shmart Wallet, this app helped me so much to save money. Its 50 cashback offer is awesome, and its other offers were awesome too. Always waiting for offers from Shmart wallet. This wallet app is very Shmart.
Super app Shmart wallet This is the first app without promo codes ,we can get cashback.too smart.
Limit is less over all Super app deserve for 5 stas
Simply the best  You guys have brought ol dat in the app which shows the differnce frm the rest and best among all others..ur app has really blown away the competitors..keep up the good work guys and keep spreading the smiles ol over..KUDOS for ur success
Experience of Wallet Good.. But transfer time is so late
Fasting recharge I have done my recharge very faster thanks smarter
Too good service Waiting for your new offers. .
