Simply love it vyomo Manesha is just so good n frank,I like the way she behave and handle clients and her service is so good,excellent.
Awesome experience Manisha you rock.  It was really therapeutic...
Good app,excellent service
Loving it... My tension got over to take my wife to  beauticians  Thank Vyomo ab kahin nai Jana sab ghar pe kerana..hehehehe
Best service ever..m really very impressed ...ll definitely use this service
Awesome service The stylist was really good. The products were of good quality. Would love to book them again 
booking is happening in delhi I was trying to book looks salon in Karolbagh but didn't allowed me for the first time because of technical glitch but then the appointment got booked.The best is their CEO who is personally involving himself to resolve the issue.
nice n APPRICIABLE idea.....awsum service...........
Superb Waiting for such a app from long long time...awesome
Grt concept Nice app..please make it available on iOS also....My iPhone frns r luking for d same
Great and very useful Easy to use and time saving
Amazing  Great app Smooth and easy to use  Great work guys Keep it up 
Very smooth UI... loved this app This caters to all the fitness and grooming needs as it has listed a lot of saloons, spas and gym... All the bookings seem to be just a CLICK away... App is designed very nicely...
It waa a grt experience ...jst loved dis app ...it saved alot of tym ...it made booking so easy ....simply loved dis aap 
Great app.. Simple and easy interface..lots of listings..great concept..Good
Many thanks to YUVI Yuvraj singh Very good app.
Works amazingly. The service was fantastic and the app is very easy to use. A must use app for booking salons.
One step beauty solution....splendid approach...very much convenient for the inquiry .....
Just loved it Solves the problem of a common man, with few clicks i can avail the services. Great app
Asish Kumar tripathy Best application and one stop solution for salon,spa and skin clinic booking.Best UI.
What an experience  PROS  1. Well designed app 2. Nice working out with saloon. 3. Booking  was very easy and smooth.   CONS  1. Please show exact location of saloon. 2. Introduce offers and discounts   Amazing app though
Nice to see app improvement from last version
Good prompt app Good app, had a pleasant service.
Unique app. This app is the best app I've come across.
