Must have Tool from Whiteboard, Brainstorm to Paperwork capture Gladly recommend this with no reservation. Already given link to colleges and friends. Definitely the best among them all. Money well spent 
Awesome app This app has been added to my list of essential apps for my phone. Very simple to use and great results.
Perfect mobile scanner Well worth the pennies Work as a manager that is on the warehouse floor more than in front of a desktop therefore this little app is a must.
The best scanner Tried substitutes when this was unavailable, none compete. This app actually does better with small, hard to read receipts than my full size scanner
Love this app Couldn't imagine a better scanning app It is easy to use, and always with you. The UI could use an update though as the styling isn't very appealing.
Great app I especially like the cropping tool, with a close up of the corner of the doc.
Excelent Excelent scanner application, works great on all my phones
Excellent Mobile Phone Document Scanning App Excellent App. Use it a lot. 5 stars.
Saved me many times, when i had to make a copy of the document
I've had this app for years it has never failed me
Absolutely awesome Quick, easy, in out done.
Good 1010 very sharp
Best Scanner for my Android Galaxy S6 Great app. Works everytime. I have tried others, but this works best for my phone. I cant seem to add it to my tablet though.  The Galaxy TabS
Works great, as advertised.
Great scanner app I have been using it for a number of years now, very functional and very useful, the best I have seen for android
Most useful app in my business. Most useful app in my business. using it from 2012. Thanking the developers.
Amazing Maybe the BEST scan app ever.
Very good app
Fix Camera problem.... Solved   some photos taken with the my Nexus 5X are upside down....  And now problem solved.... 
Dr S R Attoti This app is so user friendly and the developers keep adding more and more features to make it better. It made transfer of print documents so easy it is unbelievable. The quality of images and the ease with which they can be edited is second to none. Love it.
Best scanner app This app has saved me many times during a house purchase and other legal documents that required scanning and sending. I can't live without it
EXCELLENT THE LATEST VERSION EXCEEDS ALL EXPECTATIONS I have used this product For few years with mixed results with different Doc types. They have listened to user feedback and perfected it.
Best document scanning app ever period.
Works Works great,  no problems,  easy to use.
Best scanner out there I use this app daily for work. As a sales rep with a territory of stores to travel to, I used to have to wait until I got home at the end of my work day to scanemail my reports into the office. Now I simply do it through my samsung note 4 as I collect them. Saves me tons of time Now when I get home at the end of the day the time is mine The auto crop works perfectly 99.9 of the time. Multiple page scans are a breeze. I LOVE this app...D
Great scanner, have been using it for work for years.
Replaced my scanner Take pics with your camera of any document and save as a PDF file. Multiple page documents, no problem. Very accurate at detecting the edge of the paper so you don't have to crop. Share your document with Google Drive, email, etc. Worth buying.
Good all around Been using it for years works great with galaxy S4 and S6
Steal of a deal . Great app.
