Donald, Box is not Dropbox it is better. Other comment or leaving 1 start because this has a similar name to Dropbox smh. If you are a business and need real cloud storage with actual security, BOX is by far the best cloud storage platform there is. I've literally tried them all. Anyone using box should use box autosync app though it works better than this official one Imo.
Nice I love it, automatically backs up your files without You knowing which is fantastic for when You lose data or cellphone. Very good app
Exlent I used this app from 4yrs. Its absolute secure. Nd most important I had changed ma phone more than 20 times, but still I use this app. For ma data. So just go nd download it
Pleased I love this better then the drop box. Easy way to share my files between home and work. But a client uses drop box I've tried to convince her to switch cause the box makes way more sense.
Does what it says. Really useful, I like the layout and it does everything I need an app like that to do.
Best cloud I've been using this since I bought my blackberry playbook years ago. They had an offer for 50gb free when you sign up through blackberry account. Now I use this for everything. I love the MS Office integration, the easy box sync on my computers. Being a business owner it's nice to have a cloud that works across ALL platforms.
Excellent app Great, user friendly,lot of space and intuitive.
Fixed the support issue  thank you
Best online storage Easy to use, been using for about 4 years now, not even touched my storage limit as I have 50gb. To those that don't like the grid layout just switch it to list in the settings
Great job It's absolutely the best storage cloud ever.
Storage simplified Box provides me the dependable, easy to use cloud storage, that I trust with my data.
Perfect Does what I need and works like a charm
Works Well. Grade A
easy cool really cool to use it .. i recum everybody
The fastest cloud storage I like Box,the fastest upload and download cloud storage  comparison with others and easy to use.
The best cloud app I found It's the easiest one I found to upload and down load files.
Nyc app no issues so far
My main cloud backup
