Danke Best for AMOLED Ich liebe dieses Theme Funktioniert 1A auf meinem Samsung Galaxy Note 4 N910F CM12.1 nightly. Danke Endlich etwas augenschonendes. Stock Lollipop macht Augenkrebs 
Superb Just what i need Community is constantly updating the theme. Dev is responsive. Those who love black and a theme addict like me.. download this
Best Dark Theme available for CM12 Awesome and dark blacks
Outstanding Had one issue using the free version. Contacted Nicholas and it was resolved on the next update. Grabbed the donate version. Dev is on top of it Thanks Chummy Excellent theme Tried a few others and keep coming back to this as my DD.
Great I really love it
My 1st upgrade to lollipop cm12 This is my 1st theme recommended by my android master.
Worth it Love this theme i had to donate Please bring dark material colours back
Thank you Nico. Support this dev .He truly deserves.
Wonderful theme Every detail has been taken care of. Superb theme for dark lovers.
Great Theme  Regular Updates I have had this theme installed on my phone ever since I got my Nexus 6 and had a CM based ROM on it. The quality is great and the devs update this on a regular basis. Don't think twice about this purchase.
Loved it Best ever
Best Lollipop theme S5  AICP  Dark Material  Happiness
Another great theme Great theme here again. Black and dark gray. I prefer a pitch black and white theme so I use blacked out theme but this is another great theme by the Dev.
A Best theme of the many I tried and donation brings faster updates Black Gapps plus all menus and doesn't decrease performance like other themes
Amazing. I'm very impressed by this, and I don't care for most themes.
Excellent Great theme. Dev is incredibly fast to answer questions and address concerns on g. Really happy to donate. Thanks
Great theme Good design choices, polished, regularly updated, no problems so far. Worth the donation good job
The best theme designer Came to donate, ur work is absolutely brilliant
I really dislike the new cellular network icon in the notification bar.
The best theme ever Love my old phone more than ever... A big thanks to the theme's developer. ..
Love it Came over to donate. Thanks so much for a beautiful theme
Amazing Brought my phone back to life so donation was a must thanks for a great theme  Best I've used through many Roms
Better and better Best theme and support. Updates are constantly making it even better. Just download it.
The One and Only I have used this theme since the launch of CM12. I have seen it grow and become perfect. I use no other themes also use Blacked Out. The Themer Nicholas Chum has given us so much for free all this time. It was about time I supported this beautiful piece of art and its Themer which constantly provides us with updates to make what is good even better. Thanks Nicholas droidbits xda
Completely amazing Every update is phenomenal Totally worth checking out I'm not one for paying for themes, especially because next year cm13 might be out but this theme is so awesome, and the developer so cool I had to get the donate version I'm glad there was one
Best CM12 theme out there There is so much attention to detail and constant workupdates on this theme.  If your using the free version show the dev some support and buy the donate version.
Awesome Just buy the donation version, for no other reason to support the developer. Amazing theme
Perfect.
Support the development Great updates,  lots of work put in.  Bought just to show my support of the Dec.  I can't believe 10,000 downloads on free one and only 10 on the paid one.
Great dev, great themes, donate here to keep a good thing going. These themes are becoming better and better with every update. Support the dev if you can.
Worth it
What can I say I love this theme. It's minimalistic and takes full advantage of my Super AMOLED screen. Thanks for your work
Awesome
