Very good A bit slow in loading. But overall its very light,the most plus point of the app. Hindi and english dictionaries must be submerged in one for better and faster exp.
Wow Loving this app. Looking fr words meaning was not that easy before. I strongly recommend this to all. Grt job done developer's. Hope to get timely updates. Thanks once again
Perfect App.. It is the Best App for those who literally wants to learn language, whatever it is English or Hindi Because it provides two options Hindi to English and vice versa.And different meaning of every word for enhancing their vocabulary. .loving it. .
Guu This is nice app . I love this app.   This is not good this is excellent app for who want to known English.  Tanks a lot who made this
Please ignore those fake comments  Guys  Please ignore those fake comments of fake people, It's a very good and useful app. I recommend everyone to download and use this amazing app.. Thank you so much Aqua Infomedia  
Its one of the app that can hide your poor command upon English language and give you a strength to express your self.
 app.. Am new to hindi and this app is really good.. Just we need to know spelling and hindi keyboard... Which you can download
Subash Kumar mainpura            vary nice app 
Awesome I hve nvr found a dictionary like this.....this is awesome........learners should install this app....this is awesome awesome awesome loved it vry much.....excellent it is....but now i have installed it on my galaxy grand neo n its slowing my phone's speed
Woooooooww Brilliant app it is it has more than 150000 word hindi English english to Hindi .....I like this ..
It is very use full app I loved this apps because its very amazing and wonderful
Hindi English dictionary. We can find any word by using this dictionary. This is very perfect.
Loved it This app helps us to get the meanings of words in both hindi and english
This is the best dictionary for both Hindi to English  English to Hindi. Icing on the cake, this is offline and free.
Awesome app It's really nice app.I like it so much
I am teaching hindi to my children very well Finding it easy to teach my children hindi
Best app for suitability to find meanings in english ... satiable  wd the service
Best app You can find word with many meaning s
Read my comment.. By reading the comments of the haters of this app kindly do not change your mind of downloading this app...if u really want your English a good one then feel free to download this app...trust me guys the ones who hate this app are definitely people who don't know how to either use this app or they don't know how to type... Thanks this is all I wanted to say..
Amazing app Easy to use Helpful, has everything, not very complicated..... In short.... Must try
This is very helpful app translatable hindi into english word
Very useful English to Hindi and Hindi to English both words are available in this dictionary. Fast searching.
I THINK IT IS HELPFUL TO ALL. Owesome
Helpfull dictionary  But can't search by typing  
Ohh yes This is awesome..app....must download it....
