Food Genius I love cooking.  This app took me a few minutes to learn to navigate.  It doesn't take a genius but most people probably wouldn't know how to get to the directions.  Simplify for the average user so i can rate higher.
So far so good Just got so far I like it just a few loading issues nothing big.
New to smartphone and apps I'm new to smartphones, and, apps, but as far as I'm concerned this is a great app, and the first thing I scrolled down to was exactly what I was looking for I like the use, and, the ease of this application thank you so much
I hate cooking. I lack any creativity, imagination, or curiosity for cooking, was never taught much about it, and was never interested enough to learn.  This app helps me find things that sound goodthat are simple enoughso I can keep my family's diet a little more balanced and healthy.  Seriously.  It's so organized and easy, it saves my ss all the time.
This app makes cooking easy  healthy I love this app Ive only had it freeze up 1 time. I love it because you can easily search, find, organize recipes. Also, I love that it provides nutritional value and a grocery list.
Great app, lots of fun Ah, food, my kind of fun I love trying new things in the kitchen, and this has given me countless new ideas    Amended comment, when I first downloaded the app there were some small glitches with the back button within my Yums, but after my rating the makers responded quickly and the glitch is indeed gone Love it, and thanks makers
Quick, easy and great for inspiration The app is has a beautiful look to it and is super easy to use. Very customizable lists and suggestions with allowance for a wide variety of diets and allergies. It is great to be able to flip through the recipes and find some fun things to try out.
A great range of recipes I like cooking but I'm useless and fairly picky, so this app is perfect, loads of really simple recipes written by real people, their opinions on the recipes help me choose which ones suit me best. Very intuitive app after just a few minutes use, I love the shopping list function, it even splits the items by aisle. Great app
Fantastic app Beautifully designed, everything is a click away, I love how seamless the experience is. I've already made a bunch of custom collections and my wife and I are using it to share recipe ideas for the week to each other. Once you get the hang of the flows, it can become your trusted companion in the fridge and at the store. Recipe range seems good so far. They seem to have a clear vision alongside the website so will be cool to see what comes next.
Quick, Easy,  Great Food Photography Everything is straight forward, organized,  the images are professional photos. Its encouraging to try new recipes with this app
Fantastic app This app makes cooking a breeze. I love how quick and easy it is to search and find the best recipes. I also like that it provides the nutritional value of each recipe. No freezing and loading issues. Thanks yummly
Amazing App n mus have 4a food junkie. Love this app.. Learning to cook n as a vegetarian I love how I can filter ingredients like meats n eggs and just view the recipe I want. Must have..
This app is awesome it's so easy to use I would recommend this app to everyone I know I would recommend this app to everyone I know best app the only problem I have with this app is I can't put any of my recipes into the shopping list but other then that problem it's still an awesome app
Love it Great app for inspiration and being able to add recipes to a shopping list makes it perfect .
I really love the recipes, I have made some things. Thanks again
A mom's BFF I love this app it has everything. I use it daily. Easy recipes  not so easy ones but the variety is what makes it awesome.
Best shopping app I use this app to plan meals every week. We love the shopping list option because everyone in the family has access to the list so when we run out of something it can be added and not forgotten.  Love it
Great Recipe App Love this app. It's user friendly and I enjoy having thousands of recipes at my fingertips.
Well impressed Already made some really tasty dishes and looking forward to making more. Well organised and the shopping list is very handy.
Amazing food This app was very helpful when it came to my shopping list I always find myself going backwards and forwards thru meals trig not to for get anything,  this app helps Alot.  the food is so good. Like the filter too that is so handy. Totally recommend.
