Best News APP. Funnels news and media from many sources elegantly into scrolls. Then add custom sources, and, horizontally flip through channels like turning a magazine page. Outstanding must have app works well and has a one touch SmartView option to use text only low data.   ACE
Good for when you want news This app does not send you notifications constantly. You get 3 a day morning, afternoon, evening, which can be good or bad. If you want all of the breaking news as it happens, this is not for you. However, if you want to just see what is happening in the world, this app is perfect.
Perfect news app This is the only app I use for news and the only app I will. I love the interface and I love how easy it is to use. I also love the slow data feature. The only thing I feel it is missing is the option to force a site to zoom, other then that it's everything I would want. I will never use the built in Samsung news app or any other news app.
UI is much better than Flipboard. I don't think I could ever switch back to another news app
Smart News The app is fast, efficient, and easy to use. It is the best news app you can get. It allows you to view many different types of news very quickly.
2nd favorite app on my phone I check it all the time. Love it
A Smart and Quick Read Up to  the Second News from around the World
Smart News Very interesting news updates at a moment's notice.
I like it cause it keeps you up to date on things going on in the world.
Smart News Very interesting  informative,look forward to reading it every day
SmartNews SmartNews is exactly that. They seem to grab the most relevant stories  put them in 1 concise location. Love it
Excellent. Easy. Not so savvy, but i know I like this
Easy, not annoying and covers everything.
Best Way To Get News Fastest way I've found.
It works All good , does its job well
Who needs cable I get 98 of my news here
The best news app on the planet
Great app Many point of views.
Rating Very awesome app. Lots off information sharing that is up to date.
Amazing Just give it a go I can't remember how I found this app. I think it was in a mag.  I'm glad I took a chance on it.
Better than watching news Read real stories and skip the garbage they air on tv
Excellent apps news.
Best news app around
