Overall a grt app for train related details I hav tried a lot of railway apps but certainly it is the bst app among those , user interface is quite easy to use and with a variety of features which is quite enough as per our requirement.....
Ain't gottt no competition Awesome flawless very simple and user friendly.
The Best Train App for India Have been using for months now.. Had tried various apps before this.. This is the best updated, easiest, and fastest app for trainrelated queries This absolutely deserves 5 glowing stars
V.good app. Irctc hv changed some train no.but u hv not updated.also train route timings are not updated especially for local trains.station timings are old .
Mast love it  but Train no 14236 and some other train not show when search.
I can fimd most of my travelling details thru this app....its really a good one and keep it up ixigo
Lovely app. It give live update of train running status.
Wow.. app ..it includes budget hotels and Holidays for far off interior places too in which other Apps fails ... Must use App for Indian
Excellent app This is one of the best apps........very simple and user friendly. .....
great app...the best thing about this app is it provides a quick response
Very good application.... It works very well with my Nexus....thanq developer....
Very good app I really good ap so smooth irctc relway information i like this apppppp......
Nice app Nice app for train information. Pls add an options for sharing train routes. Also complete details of our PNR no confirmation.
Update Live train status not working 59442 59440 594439 59441
Best train app ever... Using this app since a long time...but now a days availablity in Train 12149 Punepatna not showing after 31122015...Unable to get required info nd seat too...please inform accordingly...
Thanks fr fixing issues. Now i'm looving it
Dinesh Super app.. Thanks team
Shooter Very useful app,  thanq
Superb app Till your trip start till end, it will guide thoroughly.
Good Good app gives precisely information
Excellent The application is excellent of any train details
Perfect travel partner ixigo  Love all ixigo apps
Wooowy Gud one mind blowing
Most liked app Awsm. app
    
