Nice Application... Almost all words are included in your dictionary that helps a lot when we come across difficult words in sentences... Thanks a lot for your efforts which helps the students and others alike...
Nice app for malayalees. And good for students. Sir,i loved this app,all needed words are perfectly u included,but i have a suggestion that u can also include the phonetic language also so it is more helpfull to students, plz remind our new generations, i hope that u can update this app by including the phonetics too its makes pronounciation also simple, Hope u updates with faith fully, Me
I loved this app...it is so useful...best app ......awesome ...fantastic.I really loved it very much
Very good dictionary.one problem i found is, it cannot read from moon reader software.while toutching a word in any book automatically open a dictionary and return to the same word.but in malayalam it is not possible .always sayi g pls install a dictipnary. if u fix this u will get 10 star cause in moonreader millions of free books dictinary get a wide use.thank u so much.expect reply.
Awesomely cool I love this app . The best most english malayalam dictionary ever.
 Amazing app  Very simple n very usefull.I'am using it for last 4 years...I just hav one request.i dont knw the apps fo converting english words to malayalam.or malayalam keypad.so it will be very usefull if we are able to copy those malayalam words..
Sir, good application sir It is helpful for children who didn't know English  please make it more helpful
Syamu, you are pro. Your app is best free dictonary. I dont like the ad pop up. Anyway thanks
A good teacher It is nice and a good teacher....I feel confident when this is with me...thank u very much...
Not good  Very good It's really amazing app. I love it. Hats off to the developers. Only thing I found to be discouraged is database contain name of places i.e  Kottakkal, Calicut
Really awsome......outstanding Its helpfull and wonderfull app. i had no words to say about it....   it is best dictionary ever .... Great....keep it up sir..
Good work boss Good English Malayalam dictionary ...  it is very nice when studying humanities .. Well done bro
ThnX Verry nice one it help me for my english exam wow ...   Vety nice . It consist  more meanings than a dictionary  . It will help u to learn english.
Hi Mr Syamu Vellanadu Please add larger words in ur dictionary. I will give u 5 star
shyamjith kasthoori Awesomely cool I like  this app . The best  english malayalam dictionary ever...........
Its better too..having malayalam  english translation also...so i can type malayalam and search english translations
 I'm able to find all the meanings I need because of this app. Thank you so much
Niz for malayaliz It is great to hear that a specially special dictionary has been developed for a Malayalee customer thank you
You are a genius.. Xactly you r a genius. Good work. Even though some words are missing. Try to add themes or background images so that it will look nice.
Excellent work Appreciated great for this. Its very helpful. Keep going on shyam....
Super one Thanks for making it. i like this app i am very weak in english ,so i try to find a dictionary i found it thanks for making this application. it helped me a lot.
Awesomlyyy awesome Hatsoff 2 the developer...really a fantastic app..very useful for students.i found all the words that i searched.......no problem still now...
Very helpful As I'm an English teacher, this app is very much helpful for me. It was difficult to use exact translation for many words but this reduces that problem.. but makes little ambiguous sometimes.. pls take care of that.
Very useful in this fast world no one is ready for waiting,even in the case of information seeking.so just downlod and use it
