Cheats The game is great plays with no problems but add more cheats like pedestrian attack you or pedestrians have weapons flying car super jump those type of cheats you came this far people already bought it some like it some dont for those that do like would love more cheats great job.
GTA San Andreas It won't let me download it keeps saying insufficient space I deleted everything restarted my phone and it still doesn't work fix it
It is so awsom I hop they make better graphics but I don't care this game is the best. It's worth it even if you have to pay for it
Dude, San Andreas in full HD is freakin awesome Resolution and effects ALL the way UP. Oh yeah and that's on a Note 3 and I get no lag.
Just how I remember it I'm playing on a Sony xperia and it's extremely smooth I'm playing on maxed out graphics it slows down a little when I come out of a cut scene but other than that no glitches no problems great game
A classic now on android This is my most favourite GTA of all time and I was upset when I sold my PS2 but its now on android and its Just the same as before but I like the new checkpoint save system that's makes it so much better to reload if you forget to save 5 stars to Rockstar 
GTA San Andreas This game is cool works well on my note 4 with MOGA pro. Some small issue with downloading but smooth sense then. Very happy.
Still great even after all these years... This is a great game. Plays wonderfully on my Samsung Galaxy Note 4, still has a few bugs but they'll fix em. I hope.
I give it two thumbs up Please put new stuff.It has some bugs like now it's not letting me play please fix it.
Nexus 6 Runs flawlessly on this device. Nexus 6.  All visual effects turned to max and still lag less game play.  I have 2 other GTA games on this device as well as a gangster Vegas.  This one blows them out of the water.  Very similar to GTA v.  Only 1 character to control though.  Controls are a bit difficult to master but it can be done.  Good job rockstar
Why I keep getting  an error  message  905  Can someone help me, I really like this game and would like to get back on it. Thanks
