Wow samsung gs4 please update for video  When android getting video we feel left out. I love this app . It's the best app. It literally never begs for ratings so I came and gave it one on my own . My only request is to have video on android to use filter and upload to instagram and save . Please 
I love candy  Awesome app... Easy to use... Nd wonderful clicks...
I love candy  awesome app... easy to use... it is so amazing and intersting to use
Thank you for granting my wish candy camera I'm glad you got an update for my front flash .. i really love it .. thank you thank you so much
Fantastic App I love this is App really. The pictures with effect become so much wonderful. The best App in this line y 
What Since the last update, Candy Cam stopped working. It doesn't take pictures anymore. Can you fix this problem
I love this app So many features, endless photo editing options
I love Candy lt3 Easy to use. Nice effects.AMAZING APP 
Wow......love it.... Soo nice..... I love it very much.... And it's updated version is very good ....
The Best camera app Just loved it. instead of downloading retrica download candy cam.
Samsung J series Update Plz update candy cam for samsung J series for front flash it will be more help ful for everyone
Very nice First time am used this app ...very easy too us and wonderful and very different app I like it thanks for making this app thank you so much
This This app is really the best photo app I've come across thank you
Its awesome.... Its really a fairy tale of pix world..... D
I Love It  Candy Camera Oh This is very nice. My friends and I would love to use this app because it's so amazing and interesting to use. 
Front flash thanks candyteam now frontflash is working...
Love love love  Best cam Eva   thank you so much
Change the fcking Name Candy
Awesome It's epic bros
AmazinG app. It's to0 Good f0r takinG pictures especiall SLfes. lt3
I lyk it Ths is best app
Front led flash Front led flash now working. 5 stars
Great finally this cam nailed it
