Help please I really love this app. Having a problem trying to access the social part of it, I input my information and the screen just says 'loading'. What is the problem here
Awesome I love this app.  I've used it for years to track my period and now I'm using it to help with trying to get pregnant.  It's one of he best apps out there.
Best period tracker I have tried out a few other ones and this one beats them by far Even the free version is awesome I eventually upgraded to the premium, definitely worth it and highly recommend it to all women
Awesome app and they keep adding more features Best app for watching cycle, trying to get pregnant or there is even an abstinance mode.
Works flawlessly I use it to track back and plan forward confidently. Used the free for a couple of years, supporting the developer was a no brainer AND I got extra features. Would love to be able to customize the widget color scheme to match theme selected, but zero complaints.
Awesome app I love this app and all the little things it does Plus its linked to its own social site where you can discuss womanly issues with like minded individuals Its just a really cool lil app
Great App Very accurate and a handy way to keep track of that time of the month. Used it to get pregnant as well
This is the one. This is the one you want to dowload on your daughters phone when her period starts. This is the one she will use to know when she needs to be prepared at school. This is the one she will use after shes married and wants to get pregnant and gets pregnant to keep up with what week she is. This is the app that will make girls lifes less stressfull, less worry, less fear. This is the one that is going to make life just a little easier for women everywhere
Great app Let's yoy know you expected period day which is always right for me and the day you ovulate which was right for me and now since I was trying to get pregnant I am  I love this app
Best 1.99 EVER This app is amazing My husband and I have been trying to convince for awhile now and this app helps track ovulation and it tracks your symptoms and moods and there's also a social part which I love. You can talk to people that are going through similar situations and offer advice or post your own questions and receive advice in many different areas not just pregnancy. Very well worth it. Everyone is very supportive and understanding.
Great App I have used this app for years and I have no bad remarks about it, I have even suggested it to many of my friends and they love it as well. It's easy to usereadnavigate, and I love how you can set your settings to alert you of when your suspected period will be or even to alert you of ovulation. All around a great app
Everything I need It has always worked perfectly. Today I noticed the error but they had it fixed same day... wow Love all the features of the paid version and is worth the few  to upgrade I can track monthly cycles and pregnancies and the app is definitely useful for all aspects of any woman's different cycles I do not have any suggestions to change this app.
First Time user Work well so far. Ttc atm hopefully this will help me to hv my bundle of joy sooner than i thought
Easy to use This app is so helpful and easy to use. I look at it almost daily and have even used it to pinpoint possible migaine triggers.
Very helpful Love this app It's amazing and extremely helpful in a ton of ways
Simple and effective Does everything you want. Used the free one for so long I finally decided they'd earned my 2.
Period tracker I've used this app every day for the last 4 years. I LOVE it It keeps excellent track if my cycles, and I also love that if I switch phones, I don't have to repurchase the deluxe version I just sign in with my email and password and it prompts me to download it Highly recommend the deluxe version. So many new skins and community people to talk with
Thank you for fixing bug Made me mad about not being able to be on here forever due to bug, but now I'm back so I'm happy p
Useful App This app is very useful to help keep track of our many womanly functions and help to plan ahead Very happy I upgraded for the couple 
Love it Been using it for three years. I've downloaded number of period apps and this is by far my favorite
I need this app now I've been using this app for almost 2 years I think... Its always been great I don't know how I did it without it lol
Best Investment So glad I spent the extra for the upgrade. Does everything I need it to and more most likely 
