What can I say it works Juice defender was my fav. But stopped working on my S6 edge. This apps works perfectly and u can easily tell ur battery is lasting longer than normal
Seems to work I don't understand why this works because continually stopping apps that just restart is what this does. All I know is that after testing my lg g3 with and without this app it really does considerably extend battery life.
Battery saver Pro Love it..being able to selevt which apps you dont want to secretly consume power is an amazing addition to the battery saver pro Its definitely worth the couple bucks. REALLY WORKS Not frauds or liars.  My samsung galaxy s 3 has four more hours of talktextweb time every day Buy this app
I have had numerous Battery Saver Apps.  None worked as good as this. My last Software update started running my phone very hot. It has been working great once I installed DU  Battery. This App gets 5 Stars in my book. I also had 3 other's loving it.
I like the way it shuts down backround apps. Seems to do a good job in maintaining battery charge. I hate apps running in the background wasting my battery usage
Great App This app is a must have Smart mode is an excellent saver. Right now as I write this my phone is still on 35 after 18 hrs off charge, and that's with a fair bit of use. Good for any smartphone I would say Update, even save battery on lollipop, although toggling data isn't possible
Wow I was skeptical about any battery app since I used quite a few before but nothing really helped until I found this one. It helped me a great deal with my new s6 edge, which I found the only flaw is the battery life. Now I have a perfect phone with this app installed. My battery lasts a lot longer than before and the phone is running significantly cooler too. Thanks a lot for the great app.
Gives you some insight This is a grear app for watching and tuning your battery usage. The GUI is well designed and easy to use. And it's cool looking  Update... New version is even more powerful.  BUT  AS ALWAYS... If you don't know what you're doing, don't use this app and don't complain about it when you don't configure it correctly.
Very nice Nice feature rich app with a terrific gui. Works well. I have bumped my original rating of 4 to 5. As this app has evolved it gets more and more powerful.  Great controls over things that are causing drain. Fantastic
Trickle charging takes too long..it says only 10mins left but it took almost an hour to finish..waste of money..please do something
Excellent Really brilliant app. The best app. I found. I updated to lollipop but my battery was sucking. So i installed paid version of this app. And now my battery lasts for two days. Oh my god. What an app. I highly recommend to every one. Install it and see difference urself. Thanks very much for making such an good app.
