Wakes your Android be alive Great app Needs QR scanner and sensor info, see Barcode Scanner by ZXing and SensorView by Reiner Prols. Excellent design and feel South is the true true, The Sun rises on your left, sets on your right
Must have Works great Lots of handy tools Don't use alot of them often, but very handy to have at your fingertips when you need them Keep up the good work Devs Thanks
Smart tools Note 2Useful and a must have. You have to try the magnifier photo option too. There isn't a better App. Been using it for 3  years.
Must have for any Trades Person or Engineer Allows full utility of any smart phone 
Awesome  multifunctional Get rid of a pile of apps with this one
Works great... Excellent package of useful tools. Highly recommend it.
Why When I open the app it says that the app is not licensed
You won't believe what you can with this app.
Very appreciated Would you like to add some features, as you promise scientific calculator, timerstopwatch, and may be mirror The application will be incomparable
Great app I would definitely recommend this app that comes with everything you need so you don't have to download each individual app and take up space on your memory
Great app Great app. I've been using it for years. Very responsive developer as well. I contacted the developer about my new device not being compatible and it was fixed in days
Good tools Greate app for everyone
Great Works great on three devices. Flashlight saved me, late at night.
It just dose what it says
Handy
Awesome
Good
Liked it from the start
Excellent design
Awesome
Good app, very useful.
Great usable app
Smart tools Smart tools I love it. Much easier then all the individual tools. Also more affordable  does more. I've been using this for over 5 years now and seen serveral useful upgrades. Was able to delete my conversion app when they added one. The magnifier is listed as new but it's always been on there . Your youtube didn't show anything about the shortcut you mentioned. Galaxy S4
Very useful and everything works well Great set of tools. Well worth the modest price. Dev works hard to fix bugs and maintain compatibility with new phone models.
AWESOME I use it daily What a great app The Dev is always updating, more, better little gizmos... A 5  app for sure. I don't understand why anyone would give less
Excellent app I use this app very frequently and have never had a problem with it. Does exactly as described. Just wish I could get the complete app to install on my tablet, seems to be all separate parts now.
READ READ READ Does work off line if you just read how to do it. Works for me. Always has because I can READ how to use this app. Low rating from sad people.
well done Got it a year ago, seldom used it. Went back to it today, and omg so many awesome updates and features it got now. There's a tool for everything camera compass, a conversion for every unit..... ruler, protector, level etc etc etc Glad I got this Of and flashlight in case you don't already have one built in 
Shortcuts don't work properly. If I want to add one to say Swipepad, it adds to my launcher and swipepad receives nothing. The latter app works flawlessly with others.
Nice collection of just about any phone capable tool you will ever need or want for a very fair price. Dev updates app regularly. I have never had any problems with this app.. I can't understand how anybody could honestly rate this app less than five stars.
