Great for sharing list...then it quit syncing. We use it to sync between two phones and the web. Now, none of the three are syncing with each other. Defeats the purpose.  Edit found out it was my work wifi that was blocking the connection. Using data, worked fine. No problem, with wifi on it syncs where I need it.
Love it. This is way better than the hand written shopping list that always gets forgotten at home.  I love that I can add an item anytime on my list and it shows up on wife's list before she goes to the store.  No need to go home after work to pick the paper list.
Quite superb. A clean neat interface, easy to use, modest permissions and superfast syncing. I've been looking for a superior shopping list app for ages. Here it is. It leaves the other popular shopping list app you know, the milky one standing on the starting line. Highly recommended. Well worth 2.99
Great Very simple but useful app. Contrary to other comments works fine on Lollipop 5.1 on a nexus 5 here at time of review. Ability to group share a single list might be nice but not essential
Good basic grocery list I installed Out of Milk bc of too many problems.  So far this app has been problem free.  It doesn't have as many bells and whistles but if the simplicity keeps the app problem free, I'm happy.
Powerful, and easy to use. With a clean interface, OurGroceries is extremely easy to use and works seamlessly without issue... Add to this the ability to synchronize with the OurGroceries Web site and what you have here is a brilliant application that is worth every cent. Finally, it's great to see the developers listening to and implementing suggestions by users  such as the addition of barcode scanning, which I have previously suggested. Five stars
Perfect Lightweight,  fast and cross platform. Pictures and barcode scans are a plus Awesome
Must have app I've been using this app for a couple of years now and it has been regularly updated and it just keeps getting better.  Sharing works well between multiple android devices and windows pc.  There simply isn't much that could be done to make it better
So useful Love that it's crossplatform so my wife iPhone and I can keep lists together. The price is a bit steep but with the recent update that lets me add pictures I could no longer justify not paying up Best in class for sure
Great but has stopped syncing I love this app. No longer do I have to ask my family members things they want. But it stopped syncing yesterday. I updated list at home computer , got to store and updates weren't on my phone. Help
Simple, effective shopping list sharing Pro Cross platform, Web interface, Actively developed, Simple to use, Synchronization works well, Barcode scanning.... Con iOS version no barcode scanning yet.
I used to use Out of Milk I used to use Out of Milk until they updated it to you point of it not even being usable. Please, do us all a favor. Do not try to make this more than it is. It is a functional grocery list. That's all it needs to be. It's a good, functional app.
Simple, clean and fast. Was using another shopping list for a couple of years but kept getting frustrated with it's clunky design and wasted space on screen. By contrast the beauty of OurGroceries is it's simplicity and speed of syncing between devices, including iOS.
It's perfect, easy, and very helpful I use this every time I go shopping as you pick up your items delete them and it's easier to see the ones you still have to get I really like this app because it is so easy and helpful.
Great but can be better I would like to see an information button for each recipe the same way it's designed for each item. When that button is clicked it should be possible to add the actual recipe as text andor add a clickable link to the recipe. Right now I just have a list of ingredients. Update I found that this feature already exists by pressing the menu button, would be nice though to have the i  button doing this instead.
Loved it on my Galaxy 3 but can't figure out how to get my old list back on Note 4
You get what you pay for Very nice top of the line app. I love how quick it updates over cross platforms and how I can finally take pictures so the wife knows exactly what I want. Had used the buy me a pie paid version for a long time before switching, what a pos.
Perfect We are using this every day.   It's perfect.  We use both the phone and Web version to get our shopping lists made.
Great grocery list app Useful not only for groceries but for all shipping lists. I got in touch with the developers a while ago with a query and they answered promptly. Love that it syncs with other phone in my household.
Many uses It's not just for groceries. I have a Lowe's list and a to do list. If you have a regular grocery store put the aisle number in front of the category and you won't wonder the store looking for things.
Great Tool My wife and I use this every day... I've successfully come home with the right groceriesand not 100 in junk food several times since we started using it.
Saved our marriage  No one forgets things anymore, unless we forget to put on the list or forget to check the list
Incredibly useful I've been using the free version of this app happily for ages, no complaints whatsoever. Actually, that's my one suggestion the free version doesn't need to be so functional. I only paid for the full version out of a sense of moral obligation because I love this app so much. Maybe you should make extra lists or syncing for the paid version only Anyway, great work
State to state My wife lives Tennessee. Me Alabama. There is a list for the Tennessee place and one from Alabama. Don't get me wrong......WAR EAGLE Yes even someone from Alabama can use it.
Very Impressed The whole family has access to the grocery list anytime I never leave my list at home anymore.
The best I recommend this app all the time I love that it's accessible on all my devices and I can share with my family.
Very simple and perfect. I bought this app, my wife and I keep our list synchronized, we also use it in our Web browsers. I've been a smartphone user for about 5 years now and I think this is only my second or third app purchase.
