Disturbing I love you this game, it made me laugh and shocked me at points and I think that was the point of this game so that's why I give it five stars, well done lol
Amazing To those of you who requested a refund...shame Worth every penny. To the creative developer  write a book, make a film, you're wasted here
Haha Omg...is this s for real...stupidly funny..awesome game Amazing and  well made. ..kudos to the developer.... loved it....
MAGNIFIQUE I'm not French, but there are no words to express my feelings in English. Plus I wanted to sound intelligence. Much good, yeah. Bye. Existential crises. Solved, yeah. Thanks, bye.
Uh huh I spent 3 dollars on this game. This game has made me question our very existence on this small small planet. What does it mean Why is it here Am I male or female I may never know. 3 dollars has changed my life in a way I never though imaginable.
Da Faq Rly this is awesome well made but it messed up not a problem tho
I played this on a friends phone and loved it but... On my tablet it won't let me play it will load and then go to my home page
Very Good Awesome Very funny game which had me chuckling all the way through. Highly original with great animations. Recommended
Oddly Amazing A dramatic representation displayed that is unusual yet entertaining. The meaning is deeper than you went expect from the unique game play.
Possibly the weirdest game ever Part surreal, part scat, part pornography, part human centipede. Totally weird and suggestive. Had us laughing for the full half hour it took to complete the game. Worth buying for the originality of it alone, but so worth it just to see the looks on your friends' vacles when you have them give it a go.
Short, but very original You will not play anything close to this ever. Original, funny and brilliant
Da  did i just play XD I just wanted try it out, it is the funniest thing i ever played in my life, so pointless yet made me feel some type of way.
What is life This game made me question my own existence. Would plug in again 1010
I luv it I love everything about this game BT I don't like how it took me 8mins to finish it but overall I love it 
Really like it I watch my favorite youtuber play it and I dounloaded and its funny and really fun to play
Mind opening It made me really reconsider life... What does this mean  WHY IT HURTS.
Uh.... What. I don't know what just played. But you need to play it.
Make Another It took me over an hour to finish with my friend constantly making sex allusions and innuendos over my playing or and trying to decipher the meaning of this wonderfully crafted game.  I encourage the developer to make another kind of game based on this concept of compete ambiguity. Totally worth three dollars.
