Superb. Must for city travel Lovely design, user friendly interface, accurate timings. Very useful for newbies who wish to travel around the city.
Great effort.. Wish it had for even two wheelers 
Best MTC App.. Nearby stop feature ..OLA
Need to add the effect of traffic Rather than showing just the standard time it takes for the travel, also include the effect of traffic and give a range of travel time, the lowest of which indicates travel time with no traffic
We want raft for other district and states
Excellent Work. Add more cities.
Very Good one.. Smooth, easy navigation, and accurate n reliable information 
Nice app
Great app....
Useful Simple and pretty informative.
Nice Awesome app
Very useful App for migrated peoples. Please include coimbatore, Madurai ,Tirunelveli.
Nice app Please include Trichy and Thanjavur district
Very gud app This app very helpfull
Very useful app Accurate and exhaustive description of routes..
Nice App Easy to use  very helpful to find out bus  train routes. Hats off guys who discovered this app...
Very good Superb app. More accuracy than Google maps bus route
Good one
About app Best app with perfect details....
It's a good app to find routes about Coimbatore then it gives a solution to waiting for bus and it saving the time of all thank you RAFT ...........  Suggestion   May you please give the option in RAFT application searching by numbers also.............Because it's easy to search for coimbatore person's
Best. App user friendly.  If it off line more useful in remote. Areas .. pl. Consider. In next update.
Useful App A clean app with a very nice UI
It is really useful to find out MTC bus route...
5 Stars for the great effort Thanks a lot for focusing and building an app that would be useful in the locality. Founders of this app being Indians hats off. We start for our growth 
Excellent route finder app U guys r rocking. Read it abt Raft in newspaper and installed it, wonderful app. Keep rocking guys...............
Awesome design Love this new design. Much interactive than previous.
In Coimbatore most sick people doesn't know about this app. Myself suggested to do advertising about this  Otherwise RAFT rocks. Great Team Work. Thumbs up
Excellent app....thanks....keep it up..
MY SPL WISHES and Support.
Amazing app It is easy to find the  COIMBATORE bus routes.........
