Wow Wonderful Software No Substitute Keep it Up Always No One Mobile Screen, Innovative
The name says it all This is an excellent app. The ads are hardly noticeable.  They merely scroll on the bottom. In landscape mode, you can barely see them.
Awesome Alarm Clock Great looking clock. The alarm is easy to set and the overall appearance of the clock is easy on the eyes and informative at a glance.
Great clock I tried over 30 different clocks. None of them do what are supposed to do. What good is a clock if it does not display the correct time, or no time display at all. Thanks for a fine working clock.
An excellent clock. The adds are not annoying, just appear in band at bottom, easy to ignore. This is best clock available.
Awesome Love the gold colour.  It's truly awesome as its name. I recommend this app to all those that love good things  this surely is one good thing. Job well one.
Awesome Alarm clock. Name says it. Gawd I love this clock. Got more than u need. Both kinds clocks in one design perfect, colors perfect. It screams just right. Absolutely  PERFECT.
Awesome Alarm Clock Very useful and innovative application and very pleasing features
So cute The best alarm clock ever used.only problems l see is the ads,hope the premium version will be more better.
So far so good I'll keep it a 5 if it doesn't screw me over like the last one did
Sweet This is a great app.  Looks great works great
It's quite a marvelous app. The variety of short cuts makes it more endearing to users.
Awesome Alarm is Spot On This is my favorite alarm. The advertisements at the bottom of the screen doesn't affect me at all. Easy and quick to set the alarm or change it. It's just exactly what I needed in an alarm
Really good alarm, does exactly what it says on the tin. Unobtrusive, accurate and easy to use.
This is the best alarm clock app. Second to none. Looks are appealing and easy to use...
Awesome Alarm Clock WOW , It's the greatest alarm clock i saw yet , The other modes are cool too  
