Happy Found my cloud 9 with this app
This app is nothibg short of genius. Easy and effective, all you ask for.
Works great Loved it
Couldn't live without it I use it to operate my computer from my couch. I bought it to deal with the are you still watching  Netflix bull, but I've used it for tons more things.
Killer app Best of the best here. Newest update adds a much more Material feel and I love the icon
Too many morons To the idiot who rated it one star because IR remote is not supported. It's like giving Sony a bad review because you can't fit your betamax tapes in your PS4. What an utter dick
Just Works This app has always just worked, as it should. Keep pushing updates that make my life awesome 
Great use Can finally connect HDMI to laptop without having to sit on floor since HDMI cord is not long enough Comes in great use Very satisfied with this app, great features with premium. 5 stars.
Not much to say On my nexus 5,with a tp link router and windows 7 works awesome, everything as advertised
Love it  Such an awesome app. Can easily write ur own custom program launchers and remotes if the preset u want isnt there plenty to choose from and worth payin for... Just wish there was a server for linux as well as mac and windows  then it'd be perfect 
Excellent app and reliable support. Been using this app for a very long time now. I recently decided to bite the bullet and purchase it. The free version has a lot of excellent features and the paid version just makes it a lot better. The basic mouse and more sophisticated functions make it easier for me to use my desktop from the comfort of my bed without needing to invest in a wireless keyboard or mouse and having to deal with the bulk of the added equipment.
Great app, simplifies my life which is otherwise under toddler tyranny.  Minor bugs are fixed with timely updates.
Great app Update As the issue has been fixed, i give it a 5. It crashes while setting up a remote action when I choose something on the action menu. Please fix.
So far nothing to complain about Used it as a mouse control for Mac via wifi. Setup is simple. Works without significant glitches. Sometimes there are short, about 1 second, lags when you go back to the app, but that's also due to my slow wireless or slow phone.
I use it all the time for various applications, and it keeps getting better with each update.
Superb My only gripe is that typing doesn't respect password fields, so all my passwords are learned by the phone. Keep up the excellent work guys
Great Producet I just wish my purchase carried over to my Ipads copy. Kinda lazy to buy another copy basic and full work wonders.
Useful for lazies like me A remote control for your laptop computer....
Amazing App Easy to use and highly customizable. Everything works flawlessly.
Works perfectly It has all the remotes one would want.
