Good service, but.... Increase the number of autos It was a good experience with first trip. Pls increase the number of autos. The costs are lesser than local autos .
Very prompt and economical service The auto arrived within couple of mins of booking. The fare also cost around 3040 less than the usual fare.
Great app. Very useful It seems you have removed the option to see the current rates applicable in the city But even then 5 stars since one does not need to go looking for autos and no need to haggle with the driver for fare. Also no refusal by the driver to go to any location Keep it up Jugnoo Used it in Jaipur and Chandigarh. It is perfect
Amazed by app size I am amazed by their tech teams' excellence in terms of performance especially the app size.
.FREE RIDES FOR NEW USERS ..Use code HARVINDER13 during installation and enjoy FREE rides.
Great ride Nice behaviour of staff,fare rent,safe secured ,convenient..loved..only suggestion ..more autoes need to be included as sometimes we don't get
ConvenientFastEconomical Have used it 5 or 6 times before writing the review. Jugnoo consistently provided good service.
Free ride Use coupon  ANKUR952393 , sit back  enjoy your free ride 
Hassle free auto ride Had I opted for a cab the other day, I wouldn't have reached the meeting in time. Autos being the flexible vehicle helped me cross traffic quickly. And what more, there was no chik chik no jhik jhik with the auto rik driver over charging by the meter. I am surely gonna use Jugnoo's service again.
Loved it No need of bargain Quick  Easy Economical  I daily use it  What is use of promotions
Jugnoo provides an excellent  prompt service. I recommend this facility to all.
Good service n quality But make it fast n more readable in Nagpur
Amazing app I am really love it.
Creative idea on auto For a long time I was thinking that why only cabs have been selected. But now it's time for auto to bounce back  Keep it up..nice app
Very good Like my 1st experience with this.  Keep it up
