Thank you for including all Indian languages Google already has the resources for Indic keyboard.  1 It has Google IME  for PC  2 It has cloud input online  3 It has  handwriting input also  .   And this was the ultimate step
Superb Excellent working, experiencing inconvenience can you please think over this. As we already able to switch bw English to native language. By clicking on web button which is previous to coma, then y we required on top bar. Please refer my sc. At least provide an option to toggle it. Thanks.
Great Keyboard but need improvement  This is a amazing keyboard. The best thing of the keyboard is it support most popular Indian languages. Thanks for supporting Bengali Physical keyboard, but its not working perfectly. So, need improvement. Thanks a lot...    Best wishes
Review Good app But the height of the keyboard is too long. Urdu, Nepali, Sinhala language and the handwriting keyboards should be added. 
Working really well I use it for kannada  and works absolutely well all the time. Swipe is missing though...
Thank you Google for this awesome app. Plz add swipe for English, handwriting for bangla. Add Bangladeshi currency sign.
Excellent Best keyboard among all. All the new features are awesome..specially regional lang support. Keep up the good work Google team
Brilliant.. I dont know how to write bengali but know how to speak. But this app helped me alot in writing Bengali and Punjabi too
Very good ..... Thanks for removing bug related to special characters in which a whole word was deleted when we press special character button in earlier time.
I an using this app last one year and its very easy to switch hindi to English and English to hindi just single key Woh
Nice app Using regular this app specially for Hindi and bengali. Pls add more Indian languages.
Awesome Never tried messages in Kannada before this. Takes messaging in local slang to an whole new level.
Best. But need improvements in Regional Languages. When I try Kannada its not so user intuitive like some other keyboards like Just Kannada.  Five star rating is for English version keyboard.
Very good appappp Its very easy to write marathi and hindi language.
