Can't dis app allow every advertisement. It is taking much more time to upload . it is consuming my total data. Its not allowing to post any ad, it is neglecting even my FIRST ADVERTISEMENT,  WASTE OF TIME, PLEASE SOLVE IT IMMEDIATELY, IT IS CONSUMING TOTAL DATA CHARGES, BUT NO USE, SOLVE IT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
Awesome app Its flawless. Good work olx team. Its very helpful. Better than any app available. I loved it
Awesome application Liked the chat option n very impressed about the options. Other apps don't have detailed options to select location. This app has covered all locations individually. I can find something in my locality as well.
Too goood   BUT ....................... Please try to update the app doing changes i.e. notify us when we get a chat message or sms . Please think on my problem. I am olx's good customer because every buying  selling of any product is done on olx only by me
Crashing SOLVED It worked fine for 2 days but now when I open, it freezes and then crashes..Reinstalled and cleared data too didn't worked.  Just found that ABPAdBlock Plus was interfering, disabled it and everything is fine. Thanks
thats great the app is awesome and beneficial as always and the new interface is pretty cool. keep it up olx team
Nice apps It is a very nice application there is one more option should be added that if we are searching for a item when that item added in the application it should inform us to that item
Wonderful app, it has become an essential one in my life now What a great app n service, sold out my things in a day, a genuine platform to interact btw c to c
I love ts app... it is the most useful app... better and far better than other ts type of app...
Awesome  Great App. Simply Superb, I was able to sell my stuff in less than 3 hours. You guys are doing a commendable job.
Please remove adds from Resellers Businessmen because they load their phone no and addresses in hundreds Please continuously watch the pictures displayed in site because resellers business men are using this site as to promote their own resell business instead to sell individuals items.
Good for north east shillong India I have sold many stuff through this app thankyou olx and there team
Awesome and lovely I have posted an advertisement regarding hp printer. The whole protocol is very simple and friendly for both buyer and seller.  Great work... satisfaction guaranteed.
Samsung galaxy E7 Finally i sold my note 3 neo with 400 profit Thank you so much olx for wonderful app. Very helpful...love you olx..Thanks.
Amazing  No app can sell faster than OLX does. Amazing app and very user friendly. Very happy 
Cool It is very good app and also it is user friendly
Superbb app Rocking app to browse all the things and all my free time i browse olx . olx is necessity of mine . i wanna work for u guys . olx rocks.
Very good app App    4            buyer             category        ad 
Its better than anyone I used olx many times for selling and buying my PC stuffs its cheap and also I fully satisfied with my products I get from sellers
Fantasticks application I sold my car from this site I love it thanks a lots who made this application for us.
OLX local classified It is really easily way to perches  sells what's you want thx.
Excellent Posted ad ..sold my mobile within 24 hours...amazing...good job OLX...my first experience is very amazing...jist loved it
Good application superb Nice app superb quality awesome application
