This is the best thing ever. Unless an incident happens right then and therewhen you're already at the station, this app let's me know what's going on with the NY MTA subway system. I pretty much check this app all the time now since it's more helpful than the MTA staff. And before anybody even asks, YES Get the annual subscription
A most have app for the commuter. Real time updates ,tailored to your travel route's. Not to mention the time you want the alerts . I think this is a most have app.
Money well spent Worth every cent. Not sure how I ever navigated the subwayrail system before this... Once you really start using this, you'll never want to go anywhere without it.
A must have app for all New Yorkers Provides and presents an instant and accurate treasure trove of vital and up to date MTA and PA information dispensed with the accummulated wisdom one usually gleans by gathering years of local knowledge...  Provides the best and most hassle free chance to get from here and go there whether by car, bus, or train in NYC.
Nice and lovely... I love to such a great logic... Very very interesting...Great ideas by the developers  and the graphics is awesome as well.....
New York Subway, is excellent app i like it and i will use this always must download.
Use it constantly. Nice app. I have a feature request When marking a stationdestination as a favorite for schedule, in addition to the time next train will come, it would be great to also see the time of the train after that, without clicking on it. It would be helpful in case the next train is too soon to catch, or at night when assessing how often trains run to plan the trip home.
I open the app, it show a brief message, attempt to invole virtual method
Great app Schedules, maps, train statuses... This is the essential app for the New Yorker on the public transit go MyTransitNYC
Helpful App Great app. I love that you can set specific times to get updates so you know which lines are experiencing issues as you're leaving and returning home from work  MTA NYC
New York Subway, Bus, Rail wow really nice app
MyTransit NYC Subway Bus MTA i love it, i like it, vote 5
New York Subway is wonderful app i like it very much.
the bus maps are coming We're now adding nyc bus tracker and MTA Bus Time to the app. NYC bus maps will be included later this month as well, please stay tuned for updates 
I give this  up. It is good to use because your  always  given  good  information.  Train and bus service.
Fantastic Great app to get around New York connections made simple
Its very good app. More features and easy to use I like it
MyTransit NYC Subway,Bus,Rail very nice app with real time updates with no failure
its very helpful app  i really like it.
Offline so useful Yes Google Maps provides directions but it takes forever to load, doesn't work when you're underground and doesn't know when lines are down every weekend. This app does Hope it loads even faster in the future but the offline maps are easy to use and the schedules are life saving. MTA NYC
will be better when the bus maps are added. For now the information on trains seems correct.
New York Subway, Bus, Rail is Nice and lovely... I love to such a great logic... Very very interesting
I been using this app from day one. Every phone I have it must get put on 1st. One of the best an only accurate app out that you can navigate around the big Apple. If you are from out of town visiting or a die hard new yorker this app is a must have. I give this app 5 Androids from me. Sorry I don't use Stars. Mytransitnyc
one of the best apps for commuters in New york Subway
Amazing simply awsome app
I been using this app from day one. Every phone I have it must get put on 1st
high quality map of the subway system and all the subway transfers you need to know so you don't ever get lost. If you decide to get the adfree version which I got, you can then see live train arrival times and schedules which saves me time and gives me a piece of mind knowing when the next train is going to arrive. I highly recommend
One of the best an only accurate app out that you can navigate around the big Apple. If you are from out of town visiting or a die hard new yorker this app is a must have. I give this app 5 Androids from me. Sorry I don't use Stars.
