Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Where is the update My friend has an iPad and there was a pacman chicken,a PAC man character and the cars were ghosts of the pacman game there was also a gazzel and 3 other new ones. Please update this game or write why its not here on Android
Great game If you have any questions please contact me at your house and then I will be able to help you sooner than later so much for all your friends
Every once in awhile.... A game comes along and steals the show when nobody's looking. THIS takes the cake man 5 stars
I love this game But the only thing I would change is the background of things like with the astronaut u should make it on the moon or if u ever add sharks or little fishies it should be under water ik it isnt easy tho, but im jus sayin P other wise this game is amazing 
Crossy road It's good , but you shouldn't be able to get the same animal over and over again.  You should just keep unlocking new ones. And some characters should be able to do things other ones can't , like the floppy fish should be able to swim in water, but go slow on land , and the ghost should be able to go through some cars but it's power haseto recharge.
Addicting This app is really fun and addicting I love it, but there is only 1 thing you should change. When we get new characters we always end up getting ones we already have so if you could change that this app is flawless
loved it  First, because it has all these awesome background's that match with the character.Second who doesn't like crossy road I mean its totally awesome 
Awesome Loving this game I have no suggestion s to make it better and if the creates tryed to make it better my tablet would say overload of awesomeness
New uk update plzz cuz my other friends had the chinese  updates and i dint .its sad because u only launched the chinese update for ios and i will make sure to tell ppl not to play this game.
Love it I love this game and im playing it with years and it's awesome but i feel sad about Boss Killer so do what he wants please for me. And i still love this game. And i love it a lot cause you can play as pacman
Crossy road This is a sick game man Wats 9  10 21 why you lying for Wat r those  Lol its a really addictive game
Love this game and it's developers I've played PacMan Mania I think it's called and one thing I notice is that, unlike many games on the market, paying for things is mandatory This game always gives reasonable loading time for certain things and new characters are won instead of bought, etc. LOVE IT
Crossy road It is so entertaning you can get 100coins to win a new mascot with the prize machine.Sooooooo cool
Great game I think this is a great game It's a great way to pass time by, plus I like the fact that you give free prizes which is awesome The only thing I find wrong is minut which is its hard for my daughter to get coins, and the fact that some of the unlock able characters should be less challenging for children. Other than that it's a great game for kids and adults.
Love it This is like the best game ever its challenges you on seeing if you can beat your highscore and the characters are amazing......
Crossy road I love all the characters in crossy road the only problem is that floppy fish should be able to swim and other characters like astronot should have a space background. Otherwise It ls perfect for all ages I think. And 1 more thing to say that when I play crossy road half of the screen does not appear and I have to shake it to get the other half.
Love the game, hate the waiting. I have to wait over a minute on the yodo1 screen, then the games is really laggy.
