Vonderbar wonderwall Luv it luv it luv it finished all the LEVELS   still luv luv luv it. When is the coming soon level ACTUALLY gona be available 2 me. Please I'm sick of asking. We'd rate this game 10 star if I cud but soo need my new world opening xxx
This the game I loved forever. I ever seen like a wonderful game like this there are so many games but no more games I loved tooo....
Super Fun It is insane how quickly I got hooked on this game. Such great puzzle fun
Fun This is a great game, with increasingly difficult levels. Love it
Brand new bubble pop style game First the graphics are unlike other games in this genre.   Very colorful, yet not neon.   It becomes difficult rapidly, but watching the ball ping around like a pinball machine is fun Power ups abound   I'm  truly impressed with this game  Highly recommended
So far this game is awesome  Great game  So glad I tried it, you guys have done fantastic at making a fun, challenging, interesting game  Thanks
Get your grove on you need it This game has no mercy on you It puts me to the test in a good way. I can't leave it
Slow paced fun. It's not hard to play and that's a plus because a lot of new cell phone games got control issues. Nice and easy.
This is the most addictive and challenging game I have ever played.However tough it gets tho I have to keep going until I overcome the challenge.Love it
amazing Its amaz and has so many level there's nothing to do but download it
Great game As good as Papa Pear saga. Excellent graphics and fun whilst working the brain cells. Recommend xxx
Love it I finished level 325 and eagerly waiting for an update Can't wait to continue this game Beat all of the levels, please update
Addicted Cool
Wonder ball heroes I love this game sooooooooooo mush 
A thinking game Is a great way to the mind working.
Great game Fun, challenging way to kill some time
Super fun I cannot put the game down 
Like Peggle Great clone of Peggle, with some new ideas on the table Gameplay is addictive and fun' graphics are whimsical. Don't need to spend money to enjoy it  I really love this game
Wonderfull Game Its really Wonderfull to play this game. I have reached to higher level  it is getting more enjoyable. Thanks for the tea.
Wonder ball hero's So far so good.
Is a fun game for the children and really love to play it a lot
Fun, fast, enjoyable It's Pebble all over again...
Peggle peggle peggle If you love peggle this is for you The only thing would make it better is an option to turn off the Facebook button or make it smaller. I don't like looking at it. The one in the main map is enough. Facebook sucks.
Such a awesome game I think everyone that wants to burn of some time such get  this game it is so awesome
The best....... This is by far the best game I have played on my phone. I usually download and unistall them after playing so long and always having to spend money but I have had this one for about 8 months now.
