He is so smart He always figures out who I chose. Lol when is he gonna give me my 3 wishes Nah never mine. I don't need wishes.
My God it's freaky It gets every single thing I attempt, and it even guessed Gabe Jewell right. Got a nice pic of him holding a minigun as proof... freaky..
MAGIC He guessed all but one of my guys correctly and even then he came really close. He somehow figured out Ego the Living Planet and Flo from Progressive which really impressed me.
OMG How does he guess I typed don't know on one of them and he still guessed that it was kaelyn from seven super girls x Xxx  btw it just failed to guess that I was thinking of Tanya  burr, to be fair I don't know that much about her anyway, but i still adore the game though xxx 
Worth the space Ever felt bored, and ever wanted to pass a few seconds well look no further this game will keep u occupied for a whole hour without getting bored well it did for me.
oooooooooo000 The game guessed evrything right Put Miranda sings het ya it sai it was too hard that i had to pay foe it to show u the awnser it was RIGHT SOOO KOOL AND WOERD AND XREEPY.
2times EVERY TIME I THOUGHT OF SOMETHING IT WAS RIGHT THIS THING IS LIKE MAGIC NO JOKE
He guessed everything right I made him guess the the most tricky questions ever and he still managed to get all of them right
Cool but it should be better like a girl genie as well also make it harder for the player to get it wrong cause only one time he guessed it right lkl Lol
GAEME NOT WORKING Every time when I start the game it works normal but after 23 moves it comes down to 0 and then never rises up again even after 2025 moves
Terrifying I just got this game and...Carl Crimes, Percy Jackson, Harry Potter, all correct, it even got Caine Siren correct, and NO ONE knows who Cain Siren is
Its great and works fine but.. I noticed something, sometimes it will of guessed the right character but have a different characters picture for it. I was thinking of Japhet from a game called OFF and it comes up saying he guessed japhet but had a picture of dedan instead another character from OFF
It works This game actually works it ask u questions and u could pick yes no probably or idk and then keep answering questions and then it will find ur character
I DON'T KNOW HOW THIS HAPPENED Ok so I said to my uncle I will guess dil howler. and the second question was is your character related to dil howlter.
So addicting This game scares my mom I think it's amazing when I first got it I was thinking this must be super stupid it's never gonna get it right And when I downloaded it OMG I haven't stumped it at all I played like 1,000 so I can stump him but never did
OMG  LOVE IT .  BUT REALLY HARD TO CHANGE  CLOTHES . My friend  Showed  it  to  me and I loved it  and it got everything  correct . It is sooooooo  cool  I  don't  know  how  it  knows what I am thinking  about .  I am a youtuber  and I thought  of my self and I'm not famous  and it got me and said youtuber I am so happy .   He reads my mind. Love it .I wish I could of got the one that cost money the. The full version .
