GREAT LOGIC GAME, FUN TO PLAY I love playing this game. It took me 3 hours to complete the whole game including bonus levels This is a great logic game, you really have to think and use your brain in order to complete the levels My 6 year daughter loves this game and she does really good. She has completed 20 levels so far by herself It's amazing to see how smart she is Overall Great Game and Concept Must install this game it's a blast to play I want more levels please
BEST GAME EVER I love this game is a thinking game but worth the money I suggest you get this game IT'S AWSOME  there's no ads witch is good you get to play the game with no distraction EVEN FREE BONUS LEVELS I have seen other people play it I wanted it so bad and finally got it. I know my description has what happened in my life when it came.
Ball CreatorLevel Editor Just keep adding new levels and it will be perfect I would happily pay for new levels, I guess. Also, a mode where you could use all the tools to create and save your own levels or balls sounds really fun Sometimes I waste a little time painting the balls to see what I can do.
Awesome Balls I have 4 dollars set aside for part 2,3,4, and 5.. Please bring them to android Ill give you moneys XD
Best game I've played in a while I'm usually very hesitant about paying for games with the chance that I could be disappointed...however this game is worth it...entertaining and really makes you think about the moves....really hope to see new levels in the future
Big fan when it was a flash game, still just as good as an app Thanks heaps.
So true I didn't want to get this game cause it cost money, now I can't believe I waited to buy it. I had so much fun, I beat the whole game in 3 days, and will keep playing to get faster. I cannot wait til part 2 and 3...
Update Thank you for finally updating this Can't wait to check out the new levels
Jennifer Love this game...very addicting. Please add more levels
Love it Awesome game. Love being able to play it on my phone. Hopefully it will get more levels.
Brill Thoroughly enjoyed. More levels please 
Love it Had this game then lost it I wanted it back and took me for ever to find it great game btw
Still awesome Love the new levels keep playing over and over can't wait for more
Please add more levels. I love it
Wonderful Never crashed, challenging, very awesome game Makes you think in a completely different way.
Factory balls So glad you created the app. We cant wait for the next
So addictive Really enjoyed this puzzle app my 9 year old daughter loves it too, can't wait for more levels.
Thanks for the wonderful update Love this game, it's good to see it getting an update. Fiendishly clever puzzles 
One of the best This is the game that made me aware of Bonte Games in 2007, still playing it 8 years later. Fantastic game.
Super Awesome
Love the game More levels please 
Problem Im in level 3 and it is hard
Loved it
Love this Great hame  C
Awesome game Fun fun fun wish u had more levels When will there be factory balls 2
Loved it. Want more levels. I loved this. Clever. Clean interface. Like another user said, though, I finished all the levels in one sitting. Please put out more levels
I am loving it I was happy I got to play it on pc but now on mobile  I can play wherever I want  Thanks Bart
This game is hard at some times but some its easy
Played before, loved again I played this through years ago as a web app. Zoomed through it again in maybe an hour tonight Works just as beautifully on Android, and the puzzles are fun and complex, without stumping me. Yay
Loved it Very addicting
Bicth Love Me
LOVE IT
 
Too small I love this game, one of the best puzzle games I've ever played. ...but it's too small I finished all 44 levels in one hour... please update
