Weapon selling problem with new update Hi Team. I really loved this game despite of some issues. Hats off to your effort. There is a small and serious problem with the new update that I am no more able to sell my extraunused weapons. Kindly look into this and try to resolve asap
My son and I enjoy the game so much. I thought this AB fight is just an ordinary 3 matches games. Until my son who not always won the game asked me to play it for him. Then I realize that the game is so much fun and bored killer after all hehehe....
Angry Birds is off the hook and I loved it yeah Angry Birds is awesomely off the hook and I loved it yeah
Angry Birds Fight I invested some time into the game and got a lot of fun out of it. The frequent events provide a nice contrast to the potentially repetitive main gameplay. However overall a thoroughly enjoyable game.
Cooool I LOVE THIS GAMEhashtag Awesome
Not god ,but so good I love this game but is very fun and really cool and need update and crate new character and weapon.
Lost everything due to auro uninstall I recently lost all my progress due to glitch uninstall but after reporting what happened to me to the developer they got right back to me helped me by reinstalling my game at my current progress and gave me a few gems for all my trouble they were very understanding and helpful
Very nice Here's a question will the dr pigs lab invasion end
This game is awesome but People should play freely not wait for energy I have to wait people have to wait not fair Rovio
My 6 year old son made me I'm not sure the quality of the game, but after quite some time my son enjoys the game and we refuse to pay for digital content
GOOD I LIKE IT A LOT IT'S GOT COOL TOOLS AND OTHER THINGS THE ONE BAD THING IT KEEP FREEZING ONCE IN A WILE AFTER I FINAL A LEVEL BUT ALL IN ALL IT'S COOL
Awsome It's a very cool game but I think that it needs to improve to make like Halloween Christmas thanksgiving it needs seasons
BEST GAME EVER Also. How will the pig help us in our adventure The one u save from Dr. pigs lab
Addictive Pretty easy game on a 11 win streak, all those bejeweled games helped with this  haha
