Perfect I've used this app for a number of years and bought the pro this year. I felt that I owed it to the developer for such a great app. I didn't expect to love the additional features, but for such a small price it's great
Xmas Organizer Pro This app allows me to keep track of the gifts I've already purchased, who they're for, and how much I've spent on each person. It's great when you have a large family or lots of grandchildren to buy for.
Xmas Organizer I really love this , It has helped me out on so many level ,I believe that for the first time ,I'll have it all together before XMas instead of  like all my past Christmas s ,Running around buying  wrapping on Xmas eve.. I'll be able to enjoy my very best part of Xmas.  Wish I knew about this app months before now that its already  November                   Big Thanks  from One happy....      USE TO  BE   DISORGANIZED             Mother   Grandmother 
Has really kept me organized I have 5 kids and this has really helped me keep things straight We also have others we buy for. I like that I can see how much I have left coming out of my budget
Great app I've used the free version for a few years now but paid for it last year as it's the least I can do to thank the developer for such a handy wee app. Cheers
Lenovo yoga This is a great app. Now I can easily keep track of what I have spent and who I have to buy for, what needs wrapping, what's on order etc. Christmas has never been so organised
Love it. Use the app every year
Love it No more lost lists or wondering who I still need to buy for
Just downloaded. Great so far
So happy with this app Does everything I wanted and more  My only feedback on classic mode you can hardly see the drop downs...but I changed it to light mode and it is perfect A worthwhile investment to ensure I don't go overboard like every other year
So excellent This is my second year using this app.  It has made shopping so much easier  Love it.
Love it I keep adding ideas all year long.  It keeps track of all of my purchases and budget.  This is one of my favorite apps.
Love it I've used this app for three years now. Love that it keeps gift history
Perfect Cannot fault
Life saver I have been using this app 4 years now  although this year it did crash a few times I would highly recommend it, but I do wish it would have a given or sent option 4 each gift
Simple I have 6 kids and extended family beyond. This is a great little app for track  and gifts for them all. 
