TWD 5 Stars I have not bought it on my tablet but have played it on my ps3 Xbox 360 PC and X 1, so rating it five stars, worth all the money in the world.
Its so  freaking awesome but... I wish episodes were free Along with season 2 how was I supposed to know Lee died I wish he came back.  P.s make a third season 
Great game I absolutely love this game as it is easy to play on touch screen.  The only problem that it has is it cuts out of the game a few times. But if that was fixed it would be even better. I also would like it if they put more levels in the walking dead games
Loved it I have always wanted to play this game but never had the spare money for it. Im glad I got a little taste of it but im disappointed that it was under the free tab and only the first episode is free. Bumsauce  but other than that the game is amazing.
Storage prob. The game is awesome but in cheap devices causes problems because the episodes downloads itself in the systems memory rather than sdcard but over all 55 with awesome story line and gr8 gameplay
Very fun and cool I don't know why but when they want to escape the drugstore Lee is dead for saving the little girl. Got any other options or something
Loved it Awesome Game Y Absolute love the game as addicted but Please increase the TIME for Answer little more  Thanks. Waiting for another Episode 
The feel of the game is very similar to the TV series.  I wound up being suspicious of everyone It definitely got me emotionally invested.  As for the people complaining that it's not freethe first episode is. QQ some more.  One complaint that I have though is that sometimes the dialogue options are in another language German and Spanish so far. No idea if that's my phone s6 edge or what.
Great game Can u please finish the episomdes I really love this game and want to play more , but I also don't want to pay so can u finish episodes and make them free to download thx
GREAT GAME I've completed season 1  2 now several times using different responses  just to see all the diff outcomes Waiting for the new Mischone the 3 episode mini series, then wait to the arrival of season  3 sometime next year
Awesome game Def recommend One of, if not the best games I have ever played...im actually considering paying the 14.99 for the season pass, which I have done NEVER Great job devs
Such a good game I really loved the game, even though I have watched play throughs of it, it still put me on suspense and made me angry and a few characters. I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes action, thriller, suspense and strategic games. Five put of five
Awsome If you could rate a game 6 stars I'd rate this game like that. The one thing I have against it is that you have to pay for other episodes. I wish you just finished an episode and then you could be able to do the next level. I LOVE this game
Strange encounter When I play the episode 3 on the train scene sometimes I get the subtitles change to foreign language but the voice still in English when it come to scene where I have to ask or answer the hell it comes what should I do I don't know those languages who I got to ask or answer, it gave me a hard time. I used on my galaxy tab 2 P3100 n I buy all the 5 episode . please fix it
The Walking Dead Game It is absolutely cool All you have to to is...1.Not get eaten 2.Get pass the zombies 3.Lastly, help the people you meet
Great game A little bit of sound distortions during the first episode, but a great experience nonetheless. Truly appreciate you work and effort in bringing this title.
Hands down greatest game ever Why are people complaining about it costing money. On steam this game is 24.99 and even this it is a free download but the rest costs money. Either way you are still paying money for it. So quit crying or whining about it
