Awesome app. It's not a child catching front Awesome app there is nothing inappropriate don't believe everything you see and hear on facebook. The child catching front conspiracy was proven to be a hoax. DON'T WORRY PARENTS YOUR CHILDREN ARE PERFECTLY SAFE
Angela I can speak with her I can play quizzes with her and I can do a lot of things with her. That is because this app is so coll.But I'm  scared too about how  she is  ANGELA or what she asks or sometimes she answers. SOMETIMES SHE IS EXTREMELY CREAPY
awesome  ITS SO FREAKING CUTE it gives me someone to talk to when I'm bored. I love cats so much even know I can't have one because my mom is allergic to cats and its stays on task of what I'm saying
This game is awesome And it does not hack nd the man in the eyes of angela is the background. How can u all easily say it is a man who is kidnapping children asking all the personal information I m playing this game for years , she didn't even ask my age or where do I live
Is that truth  Is she a something bad  Ok i download it ,but all my friends say its not real its a person who can see us  Please answer ,because i download it 
Awsome You can actually talk and she will talk back to you if any one tells you different there phone is  domb and stoopidits cool parents
Love this game When ever I want to talk. This GAME is really nice I appreciate When my mood is off I talk to ANGELA and it really makes me feel better. And I change her dress. Give her gifts, chocolates  Love love love this GAME
LOVELY This is  an AWESOME app but it distract me when she start saying her own and don't listen to me.....
Very fantastic but not child friendly It is always talking about love so not child friendly but I still like it so I rate it a ...
I love talking Angela I love talking Angela because it's funny the things she reacts to when you say very nice things are mean things to her
Like it U shoud  have this app because  it is like so fun the  ather guy said if u  look in to his eyes it will be very scary and but by the way I am a Lile girl
I love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  love  She talking good  with me
Love it It is the best game ever I love it  .it's soooooo cool my friends love this game and I do too I play it every day and I never get bored 
Good It is awesome but it is not true that she is a hacker don't lisen install it. Why is she wearing a dress it does not look good with you the the gifts
Used to be better I hate how Outfit7 is forced to make this app baby friendly because of all those big whining babies get over it grow up big kids. Edit It would be nice if Angela didn't cool down so easily I mean no matter how much I piss her off if I type yes or no she smiles and forgets I said anything.
So cute All the liars in the description are saying that it's hacking you....that's not true This is a really great game with potential for the future And there is no man in her eyes So just play the game and be happy. Ok Ok.
