Great all for transfer No problems what do ever.. Transfered more than 250 contacts other than images and videos inside 2 mins
Easier than before Easier to use the app than manually adding or having to call the help line.
Worked great
Love it... Fast Keep it up
Fast Transfered everything
Mostly useful
ATT Mobile Transfer I used this wonderful app in April when I switched phones. It was VERY convenient Do I need to keep it on my phone I am needing to clear some storage space in my device. The ATT Mobile Transfer app says it is using over 2 GB of storage. What's in there I thought once I used the app to transfer files, the files actually transferred and the app did is job. Does it keep files Am I safe to uninstall the app or will I lose files  Thank you
Thank you for making it easy for users to select any or all of the Data files they wish to transfer in the comfort of their own homes instead of waiting hours for the worker at the phone store to do it for us Easy, fool proof, quick and seamless transfer. Thank you again I will be recommending this application.
Awesome I used this app for my new phone and I had a lot of stuff that I wanted to get transferred over to my new phone so I wouldn't have to do it
Best thing ever Quick N painless.  Thanks
Transfer  Data Great app. Did what ATT tech couldn't  do
Fast Oh wow I love this app its need a few months and I'm I was still traveling with 3 phones just to get numbers and information and also I use another app call smart switch and in the middle of my transfer it would cut off so I try att mobile transfer and it work and work fast trust and believe I will use this again and recommend it to everyone that need it....... I'm so in love
that was helpful  it made my life easier  and save me a lot of time
Pretty good Didn't want to connect at 1st but after it did it went as easy as pulling a greased string out of...
I love my app I love star wars ohhhhh yaaaaaa
This is great This app is amazing it saved me so much time and I could do everything right from my house 5 stars all the way
Was able to  transfer from my  tablet to my phone in less than 3 minutes.
Took all the fun out of it Worked like a charm. Just had to run it a second time to get my contacts transfered
Easy as 123 Transfer went very quickly I will recommend it to everyone
Quick and easy, what more can you ask for
Best thing Ever I had no clue that this app even existed till today. It would have made my other transfers so much easier
Amazing Couldn't be any easier to transfer from iPhone to android.
