Fun, addictive  expensive It can really get me going, however needs a lot of gold to achieve some upgrades. A fair share of gold should be given when 5 stars achieved.
Wow It's gets even harder the more restaurants I conquer but I love it. Now it's getting pretty interesting....
Fb connection I have had this game for about a week I have uninstalled an reinstalled an still can't connect it to my fb account it doesn't even give a error message it just takes you right back to the. Home screen. Also need to work on the upgrades                                  Thanks for fixing the fb issue
Fun game I had a problem and customer service was AMAZING I love this game
Suggestion Really loved the event which gave me a lot of gold....one request, please give more gold on level ups since it takes a lot of xp to get a level now on high levels
Love it  just wish you could get more gold without signing up for all those offers, because then they start bugging you and they don't stop.
customer care really kind and ccoperative on early nov my level game back to 0 level, but they fix it to normal
Game is awesome but needs more opportunities to get gold and everything takes too much gold to upgrade
You guys are so generous my only issue is no feedback on not receiving gold from completed offers
I love it litte expense hope you have more events for free play  but I like it
Cooking cooking daaash Delicious food yummy loved itty fanatic
Noooo Ack Installed the new update and got a screen that read failed to download required content. So i against my will and better judgement Installed and reinstalled thinking it was me.  It wasn't.  Please fix or my thanksgiving will be a bit depressing without my dash All that work...gone  Smh lol
Fun until you can't go further without paying I really loved this game. No bugs now, and it's highly addictive.  You can play without buying stuff by watching videos.
Addictive Great game. Wish they gave more gold to get upgrades.
Pls make gold bars  gold easy to earn. Because we want to reach higher levels.. 
Very interesting n excited.... Only disadvantage of d supply n gold....once supply finish hv to wait....gold difficult to earn n almost all upgrades needs gold....
Great game very fun and addicted
Expensive I love the game, just wish I didn't take so many golds to buy upgrades..
Great game but too pricey When upgrading stuff, you also need gold, lots of it Pretty annoying, as if the coins are not expensive enough. Maybe cut off the gold totally
Cooking Dash 2016 I  am loving  this  game. Thanks for the changes.
