Works perfectly on my Nexus 6P, root is not needed. I can copypaste either direction from the phone to the SD card, or vice versa. I don't understand why file manager apps can't do this, but the interface here is super easy to use and being that most people will only plug in an SD card to transfer some stuff off their phone and then uplug the SD card, this app is perfect for that.
Awesome simple easy This is a great app I tried it after first trying a couple others and not liking their interface this is simple and clean and easy to use
Works great
Works great Does what it should. Clean and simple. I've always been upset that devices with OTG support have no clean file management app. I don't know why it's only being labeled as a Nexus app when it works great on my Xperia Z3v. Developers could probably make a lot more money marketing it as an OTG app for all devices since it's the best one of all the rest by far.
Perfect app Fantastic....it works....I'm so pleased after finding an app that delivers. Well done and thanks.
Did exactly what I wanted. I was able to copy a showbox download in mp4 format off my phone onto the USB and am now watching it via my ps3. This makes the lack of an SD slot on my Nexus 5 a moot point now. Happy. Happy. Happy.
Excellent app Although i cannot play mkv, mp4 movies directly from my usb thru vlc, bsfree, mx player etc. It just force closes. I hope for this to be resolved soon because the last update i can play the movies. Now it no longer works. Hope to have a reply from the devs
Does exactly what I needed Now I can transfer files between my usb memory and my Nexus 5 or 7.
It works great so far.
Due to this software OTG pendrive supported in NEXUS 5 
Double transaction My credit card shows 1st transaction of 50 and 2nd of 152.99, what is the first one for KyuuDrod
Works as described
Nexus 8.9 The only one which works like a charm. Allows for file transfers booth ways. Worth every penny.
Works on Nexus 6 Works as described. Was a bit surprised that the Nexus didn't have something that natively supported this. Won't use it much with all the cloud storage, but when you needed it, you needed it.
Works great on a Nexus 7 2012, thanks for creating such a clean  useful app.
Very handy... Great app. It works as it should on my Nexus 6 
Awesome Works great Nexus 6
