Shamazing My mum first had it and any she got stuck on I could do and ones I got stuck on she could do so she let me get the game aswell Its the best ever and soo addictive and I have just conpleted it 50 levels sone are really hard and im only 10
Absolutely amazing Loved this game. Blasted my way through the levels at the start but the ones are the end took a lot longer and were really fun to try. Great game. Please make more levels
Great game Couldn't stop playing it so just as it was getting challenging I've run out of levels pretty quickly...hopefully there'll be more soon Hooked
AMAZING This game is one of the best mobile game I've played it is well done and the levels are hard but fun complete the game it was amazing.
Absolutely loved it Love love love LOVE IT its so calming and relaxing its good to keep the brain going and good to relax to needs some music though
Awesome brain workout Played this over the course of an evening and I couldn't stop until I'd reached the end. My only criticism is that there are only 50 levels but please don't let that put you off. It's worth every penny.
Awesome game An unusual and very good example of how to make a great puzzle game. The first levels train you without holding your hand too much, and it then seamlessly transitions into gradually more difficult levels. Highly recommended
Simple and entertaining Great game, very simple and easy to understand yet extremely entertaining. Definitely worth it. Hope to see more levels coming in the future
Great but one issue When  will you be updating I commented months ago. And not even a simple reply
Fantastic little puzzle game Fifty well made levels with a slow increase in difficulty, well thought out and beautifully executed.
0.09 pence, how can I complain The game is also very fun, on level 14 now and just had to write here to tell how much I love it  Thanks to the developer for producing such a game.
Love this puzzler... It's simple, but not always easy with a nice clean interface.  Kind of zen.
Perfect Its nice its simple its easy but not to easy or insanely hard does get bit tricker arpund level 38 but that's fun What ever price its worth it.
Relaxing Proof that a good idea is always more important than the execution, this is as simple as it should be and gets more difficult with time and progress. A perfect balance of logic and gut instinct.
Best puzzle game on android so far One of the most irritating yet addictive games I've ever played.  Easy,  quick gameplay to fill those 515 minutes waiting for the bus etc. Definitive of 5 stars
I'm Addicted Beautiful, intuitive, and, most importantly, addictive. My only compliant Just 50 levels. I want more
AMAZING. . . . . . concept, layout, design and MUSIC  Although, one little downside  it needs more levels because the game is far too great for this meagre shortfall. More please D
Real mindbender I was on about level 38 and thinking is this ever going to get difficult and then it did Really love this game.
Yes Definitely enjoyed this game. Sad there's only 50 levels
fun game simple background. simple rules. for the people complaining about the music, just push the volume button to mute the music dooh... please add more level 51100. I really enjoy this game. worth every penny I paid
Superb The game is excellent,  I don't understand why is so cheap  Great work.
Addictive and great difficulty progression Best game I've played for years. Really gutted when I competed all the levels, I just want more
One of the best android games I've played. Nice difficulty curve. Was amazed at the complexity of the puzzles I was able to do towards the end.
New puzzles please It is simple, and addicting, it involves logic so I didn't feel too guilty for spending my time playing this since it has some advantages to my brain haha
Awesome Fun and addicting.  Well done. Relaxing atmosphere too. Too bad there's not that much levels I finished the game in 3 days.
Short but sweet Not many levels and the first half is basically tutorial, but its a fun game that will last a couple of hours. Worth 50p
Great Fantastic puzzle game with a unique style. Most original puzzle game I've played in a long and you can't exactly complain about the price
Logically sound Graphically it does what it needs.   Game play is top if you like strategy puzzles. ... and for 9p...... how can anyone complain. .50 levels and took me a good hour to clock...Thanks
Quality A legitimate game A rare thing among mobile games, sadly. No creepy permissions. Would still be a steal at ten times the price.
Innovative Hook has a simple concept by tapping visual locks to free the keys. It's fun, minimalistic and enjoyable. It's on sale now at a bargain
Fantastic More please I used this to help me go to sleep at night and it's been great. No other game has worked like this one. It tires you out at the same time as relaxing you with gentle musicSFX. I've just completed all 50 levels though, so I'm hoping the developer will create more. Otherwise I'll just wait for a few weeks before playing it all again
More please Truly awsome , loved it , the ambient music is great too,would recommend this to anyone,but it needs more levels, got through it too quick
