Good Brilliant helps a lot reply is a bit slow but I can understand it.... no problem cool app
It's amazing app Hi friends pls download this app is so helpfull for us...
Amazing app Its an great app to solve your prmls.. I can say that after update this app seems to be legend. But there is a problem of slow response.. overall its an great app.
Good
Superb App
Nice Good apps
Its good. Hindi language mai bhi chat kar sakte hai
It is too good According to me its very help full.
Really love it Its very very good. I like it too much. Download it.
Swift Turn around  Impressed Usually I never rate any app and this is the first app to rate Genuinely speaking the kind of support you guys provide is very much appreciated. You guys respond to every query regarding all services from electrician to booking movie tickets in few seconds. Hope you continue the same.
Its Awsome thanks for This App   Lets try the app.
Good app It's a very good help full app. ..
I up date new version of this app but.. When I open this app my hand set is hanging it happens only to this app only pls rectify the problem and it it is my favorite app.
Dk. Help chat I have never seen before this app who help me through help chat So Big Thanking You Assistant Priyanka and   Developer this app have a nice day friends.....
Hii friends download this app It's so helpful
Cool app Innovative app...  Really nice to use this app.  User friendly.
Its really a good stuffs, that someone can really be a part of our life change.. I hope Helpchat team for me..
My favourite apps i am allways use Love it play store download and use this app
Bahut acha aap hai sab download karlo achi help milegi
Well done Wonderful app. The help chat is very fast and responsive. I really appreciate the work and efforts. Keep it up
Amazing app Guys please download and try it.......
Vvv nice Nice app...nice app
Good Its not helpchat it's help desk..find much more than thinking
Awesome This app helped me a lot
Very Good Service I like it.
Very nice Nice working whatever you want to know the information you go to here
Great idea. Nice concept. A must have app. All should have to install it
Good for everyone's
I like this apps. This apps is too much useful. Good
PARDEEP SINGH Bohat bohat boaht achha hai very very very good and thank uuuuuuu
Like Love
Ji bahut Acha hai faaida hai
