So...this app is great With this I could see the speed of my connection, and lets me know when data flows in and out of my phone. Thanks  p.s.Why is your internet so slow in your screenshot XD
Great Useful App Very good Useful App. It gives data usage of individual apps also. The only discomfort I found is, even I choose 'bits per sec', in notification icon, it shows always KBs or MBs instead of bs or Kbs or Mbs.  Develpers may please rectify this issue and inform me to update. In the daily usage table upload and download details wrt to Wifi  Mobile data, also may be shown. Thanks.
The BEST I have been using this app's lite version for almost a year. It's so useful and important app that I decided to support dev team by purchasing the app. Apart from few glitches, the app works very well. Go for it. It's the best app and does everything accurately as mentioned. Love it.
Perfect I needed an app to monitor uploads and downloads. This app does the job exactly as I needed it to do. The pro version has a few added extras. I purchased it as it was only a few dollars and the developer deserves it.
Update review Yup. After uninstall and clear cache, i can continue to update the app. Thanks Dev for fast response
The best at what it supposed to do TBH been using the cracked version 1.3.3 for quite some time.. Its always the first thing I installed when changing my phone. Now 4 different phones  1 new tablet later, I decided to support the dev and buy the pro version. Keep up the good work dev Loving every minute of using ur app.
Great app One of the best app. I tried many software before and really it is the best. I advise all to buy it. Thank you for the programmers team.
Nice utility Works fine. Easy to use. Nice simple utility..
best app  app        
One of the most essential apps in all my phones. Just can live without seeing the download and upload speeds on my devices. This app does it best on android.
hi, i really love your app,  just wondering if there is any app like this that work with ios devices,  jailbreak or non jailbreak
