Love the app  Gets the right technician Wanted to fix an old microwave,  I knew what the problem was and technician also pointed the same and didn't over charge, satisfying experience.
Timely response Been wanting to fix my folk's laptop performance for a while. Request to response time from the service provider was superb  Diagnosed the problem in less than a minute.. Bye bye whowillfixthis  Oye
Really good I had requested for a Beautician and they were so professional n awesome service, thanks to localoye for helping me to find good beautician
Home cleaning service 1st class Excellent
Simply Awesome... Easy to use and helped me fix my TV in 2 hrs
Good app Good job people
Awesome
Excellent service
Big thumbs up I had a very pleasant experience in my first transaction. Localoye team was in constant touch with me to ensure timely reliable service. Further the technician was highly experienced and solved my problem at a very reasonable cost.
Excellent service I used localoye twice to service my laptop n washing machine...I had wonderful experience in both occasions
Very  unreliable service to great customer care I am very impressed with the customer care... Harshvardhan took care of the problem After learning my issue, worked hard to solve it. There are some more minor work left that i request to complete now... I will definitely refer localoye to my other friends....
Love it Till now I have used their beauty services which was awesome. Proper call backs and followup makes it really professional.  Thanks much it's a much needed app for a house wife specially .
Useful app They are good with the responses, service and the prices too. Cool app
One of the best service provider We booked local oye for sofa shampoo and the way their merchant worked was quite impressive. I have booked 3 different service a form this app and hope for the same experience had in past.
Awesome App Just heard from my friend about this app and its really wonderful... Keep it up
Amazing service Extremely happy from the service provided by local oye team for my laptop. Problem was that the screen was broken, they repaired and delivered it on the same day of pick up  moreover the charges were less in comparison to other service providers. They kept me updated which means LOCAL OYE is concerned about customer satisfaction.
Great follow ups Basically I had a terrible experince with Urban Clap and LocalOye has been wonderfully professional and headachefree.
