Unexpectedly awesome Not a big fan of launchers. Had tried few very popular launchers in the past but they were not upto their name.  But hola is truly amazing.
Great for Androids I just wiped my phone clean to start fresh again. 1st download.. HOLA Wouldn't be without it. Thank you for so many great features in one small package. 5
thought I wouldn't like it but after a week or two of using it I loved it it's helpful all the time once again love it keep it up
Its awesome , but... When I shuffle for a new wallpaper the ads interrupt it and I have to keep pushing every single time they come out so please take out the ads. Also add new wallpapers and more themes 
So far so good This app is better than my phones launcher and also I don't like to have to have the Google search bar on my home screen so I'm not a fan of Google launcher either this mine and fast and I haven't had any problems with it yet I'm a week into using it now
I just love it and it gets better It's the lightest and yet more powerful and customizable launcher I've had on a 512Mb RAM phone. Awesome themes and a very good accelerating tool. Give it a try
Love it It's the best launcher I've tried. It works great, everything runs smooth, and it's easy to use. And looks really good.
I like it. 3D Grapgics are quite attractive. Over all, their way of design is unique so I installed to my htc m9. Getting used to it and by swiping corner edge, all your desired demand buttons pop up as a shape of a fan function is a brilliant thing to have.
Love it I can change my phone to fit me This is awsome... I had Alice in Paper Land and my husband didn't know what he was pushing it was halarious Love it
Impressed hugely.. Very nice app.. with the features that are handy.. easy to use and manage... having tried many launchers for my N4 but this one stands out by far. Each update brings the best to it.. Keep up the good work team Hola 
Excellent I just installed it on my phone that is less powerful than a brick and out works just. I like that it organized all off my apps automatically, I always had them completely disorganized but holla solved it for me.it also had too big icons so the text was overlapping with icons I under it, but I easily adjusted size and problem solved.I just love this
Great launcher, love it It's beautiful great launcher.  I love the themes.  But need more classic looking themes instead of cartoonish themes.  Also I can't access the clock application from the clock widget. Whenever I click the time on clock widget it says app is not installed. Which application I need to install.  When I click weather it open widget weather which is fine but what's wrong with clock side
Definitely appreciative I was very impressed to have downloaded this app. To my surprise, my phone is much faster and there are so many awesome quirks that I really enjoy. This is most definitely NOT getting uninstalled, a definite keeper Thanx Hola
I love it This is so cool I mean it changes the style of your phone to male it look cool and my phone used to be super laggy and slow and now it stopped you have to download it it super cool.
