very very useful this could become the guide, there should me explanations included, some forum where each of the situation is discussed and predicted,  but how would, a poor farmer who need the information, will get it and understand it
Delivers the functionality needs changes to colors Land boundaries to use a different color tone. Tough to differentiate between land and weather elements easily. Cities need to be given a different t color tone too. This app meets the expectations bang on. In spite of the minor color tone related issues, this is a 5 star app all the way.
Very helpful..and accurate.. Latest updates auto refreshing is good
Best app I m working with disaster management and. I have to find different data on different web site but with this app I found everything within this best app I found on play store. Developer very good keep it up more then 5 star
Very good What else one can ask for, given some one has put in a lot of thinking and effort and have given it for free, thanks
Simple and Superb Simple and easily accessible screen to understand the weather
Liked it. Colour composit need to cover complete North India upto 40 north  and should  include state boundaries.
Great Work Developers I used to visit imd.gov for satellite images but this app is awesome i get all relevant maps at one place and best thing they all are accurate,
Very Good  Accurate Accurate app very useful
Very useful application.... Not only you can see the cloud cover over your area but also you can predict the upcoming weather around you...
Amazing app for Indian weather Timing update and accurate results of the maps. Wonderful app  Now you can be a weather reporter at your office 5 stars 
Good app It's really good application, we can know where the cyclone is moving.
Excellent app does away with the need to go through many pages before getting the satellite images. Could be much better if auto refresh facility is made available. However colour composite and ir sat picture does not cover north india and needs to be corrected
Very good on my tablet. Do you have similar application for iPhone
Awesome App This is awesome app....Awesome weather report.....clean maps.....very helpful to see cloud positions.....
Good but... Color composite display half of India map. Please show India's full map.
Very useful app Consumes low data. Very useful for predicting rain.
Awesome... must have Just one comment. I can't see the north indian areas under color composite and infra red images. Is it anything to do with settings or has it to do with the images taken
Too  good Salute India.....even  in such  low  resources u  got  such  crispy  app
Supreb forcast app for india I m using thi app.... Superb work.... This app is complete for forcast...
its just a basic day to day useful needy apps which everyone must download
