Play erry day Great app, no lag, multiplayer local option. Also an option to check ur statistics. I play on hard  have ended up with more doubles than the comp, though I know it feels unfair sometimes. It really doesn't cheat though. Paid for this version bc of ads on the free one. Will consider getting other games from them, like euchre.
Good Challenge Refreshing to play a backgammon game that provides a decent challenge without resorting to cheap cheats.  It has great user features, a clean interface and maintains a brisk game flow.  A great way to lose a few hours.  The logic with the doubling cube could use some work..  The AI has a habit of accepting doubles it shouldn't ie, it has a significant pip advantage but is trapped in my inner table which I've exploited a few times but otherwise nearly flawless.
1,000 Apologizes My former review was Excellent game but it does cheat. Now I beat some matches  Level 5. Sometimes the throws are dubious. DO THIS PLAY MANUALLY u need real dice  if possible, a board too THUS YOU AVOID ANY KIND OF CHEATING. One last thing When I bearoff and the PC has checkers on my outer board, it does not move them away. Thus instead of losing by 2 loses by 3. This makes it weaker. Please fix this
Great app Lots of fun I finally found a game that it's both challenging and fun. Edit the game doesn't cheat why would it Anyone who thinks so is just a sore loser. If anything the computer is flawed, I win about 75 of my matches.
DOES NOT CHEAT Just because you the players are no good at the game, does NOT mean it cheats. I have found it very fair and will be enjoying it for a long time
Been playing for years. Really like the auto bear off but the logic needs work.  When in danger of losing more than 1 point that should be the top priority to prevent.  Also, I've seen the bear off logic with a 61 roll move the 1 first then move the exact same piece off the board with the 6. It should use the 6 first to bear off then use 1 to fill the furthest out slot that isn't occupied or bear a 1 off when available.
Bug  screen locks after leaving app to take phone call, check email, etc.
SMN910A 5.1.1 Works great
What cheek I've won enough games to know that the computer doesn't cheat.  You people are merely sore losers , undoubtedly, cry babies.
Best one ever I have played several backgammon games and this is by far the best one of the bunch.
Best backgammon app I've found. Great looking boards 
Good way to kill time Win some lose some
Done well
Good game This is a good gameapp. Been playing it for the last year. Never any problems or bugs for me. The dice aren't rigged people. Why would the programmers do that In what way would they benefit from doing that What's the matter Can't play a game unless you win every time Let it go.
