CANT WAIT Omg im not ready i need help plz wish me luck springtrap do not kill me Guy if springtrap  ie at your door just stare at him no matter what  OMG IS DOWNLODED
Please make a fourth it I would miss all them without them please make a fourh I even thought of my own anamotronic if intrested write back please make  a fourth but what I don't get why dosent springtrap stuff you 
I think i glicht springtrap When i was on night 3 and springtrap was at the door eveing know there no door but  my vent was going off a lot and i made it to 6am.i fail alot on night 3.
Can't wait any longer SPRINGTRAP THE PURPLE MAN OW SO SPRINGTRAP KILLS ME VARY FAST LIKE SONIC CAN'T GET PAST NIGHT 5 BUT I DID SEE THE ORIGINAL GOLDEN FREDDY IN MY OFFICE ON NIGHT 2 1 A.M. hey if springtrap is at your door try fixing the ventilation system
Scary On every night on cam 8 something never leaves. In the corner  something is always there but when springtrap is there its gone. Then he comes right back when he leaves. Wonder what it is.
 I figured out how to get the good ending first go to camera 8 and click on the BB poster and it will take you to balloon boys air adventure once you get all the balloons and see exit turn left and run of the edge and you'll fall down and see a crying child and a balloon you want to get the balloon next after you beat the night you will get mangles guest...
ATTENTION To everyone saying on all 3 games that fnaf isn't scary, notice how these games are located under the action or strategy categories of Google play.
Best Game Ever so fun if you know what your doing. Still learning more and more. Though I have a glitch where springtrap is staring at me through the doorway but also is on the camera. No big deal though
Creepy I was always on my toes I did not have any time to relax and that is what I like in a game because it means it does not take the scare factor away.
Only buy if you have played all of the games The story will not make sense if your a newb it is all about the story of the 5 missing presumably dead children whose souls are attached to the animatronic suits .                                     My review of this game is better than fnaf 2 Well done Scott cawthon keep making epic strategy games 
SCOTT The fnaf4 is out and i want to say that golden freddy looks awful and looks fake but the other nightmare animatronics look awesome and real plz fix and when you run to the door can you make it where your not looking at the floor D BIG FAN 72215 I Saw Rassbowski play the game hes a pro
Night 6 Complete  good and bad end  Thanks  for twitching     scott ur the best I love ur work plz add the second jump care for spring  bonnie oh yeah and go fix the 2nd game so the others aren't angry... thank you
AWESOME Scott has made the best indie horror game series EVER. Other games are just too lazy or try to hard and aren't scary. So yeah basically coolest game eva 
Awesome and scary please read Scott Cawthon I am a fan of this series and I'm sad that fnaf 4 is the last game If yo can, could you make a fnaf 5 If you could it would be AWESOME And I can't wait any longer for fnaf 4 to come out 
Super scary, and I love it Bruh it scares the hell out of me all the time when I play this I LOVE IT 
Awesome but glitches OK so I play audio at cam 7 and seal the vent and I'm on five also and whenever I go to the maintenance panel to reboot my audio spring trap comes in when he's not any where near me so if you can please fix that please do it
YAAAAAY FNAF 4 IS COMING OUT     Make sure it's scary plz. I am not scared of any FNAF game. FNAF or not FanGame Not scared at all.
Woohoo Beat the game fully and still have fun D do bb first night and nightmare cam2 and cam3 with vent closed you should pass D thanks for the animations on main screen and I can't wait for the fourth one on October 31 of this year
One of the best games on the store Loved it Foxy nearly made me drop my phone and Springtrap almost gave me a heart attack Scott has made a new age for survival horror and indie games
AWESOME Scott how do you do this you are amazing  i have all  your games bro you are awesome. P.s you should make a fourth one for fun ok c ya later scott keep doin great.
Cool game This is a cool game and hard on the 5th night i keep forgetting to block the vent in camera 10 and then he crawls through it and  jumpscares me.
THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER This game FNAF1,2 and 3 is the scariest and the best,if you play this game you will learn to have no fear. My fearness is gone because I played this game.so that's why I gave Scott five Ultra Ultimate Mega stars                               but the problem is about A LOT OF MB
People say its to hard. It's not that hard just keep him on cam 9 and 10 thats what I did I beat the whole game first day it came out and I only died once so I hope this can help you guys.
UPDATES Scott I love the game series and scares me but can u plz fix bugs and other things because many peoples phones crash and also for pc plz take time to make updates for FNAF, FNAF2, AND FNAF 3
Not as much scary as 1st and 2nd but still awesome All the phantoms are scary springtrap doesn't go right in your face but still AWESOME
Love it but to scary Wen I play is it makes my heart beat alot and hard so can you make is a little easy and little less scary because I'm a kid but I do like the scech
SCARY BUT AWESOME I'm on Nightmare Mode and cannot get past it. It is difficult but Phantom Mangle keeps getting me.
