Yeheyy This is so nice. The app makes me cry I love it. You know it's lovely. I love chating w Angela.
Cute app This app is so cute. Tom and Angela having a talk while Ginger tries to mess things for Tom. This is really good
It's alright Well I'm scared of the inside of her  eyes because of the people watching you play  But I'm giving a  waring OK stay safe Stay alive and pray this don't happen  Well lol we have parents lol I have a big brother that would help  And my mom  lol
Good Its sweet. Angela can get mad about the text. when u type she sometimes gets mad.on the other hand,I really like how u can record and make videos of the game.  
Nice but Angela likes to talk about quizes and rubbish things so I type anything examples you are so fat, nonsense beautiful basketball, I will kill you etc 
Yall this is the best i've play ever hat's off to this game i love it It fun i enjoy the part wen say something n tom will repeat it i also so it when they sing whooo i love this game am enjoying it yall
Cool Not the romantic guy,but it is a great app. Also if you have my talking tom,IT'S FREE
Love  it I love this game  because it is  cute and pretty  and adorable because of  ginger  he is ruining the day of tom and i realy realy like it so so so so so so sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooooooooo  much and cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuute
Omg Angela said if they can be married and i said yes and she kissed me and asked if we can have sex P.S. um on my mom's phone I'm a boy not a girl
Romance Its so romantic game angela is so cute and lovely girl cat tom loves angela and angela loves tom so good angelas singing is so  cute i love this app so much  ao lovely gams
HATERS This game is boss And if you think Talking Angela has a stalker in it, don't you think they would shut it down if you get kidnapped Especially if your parents sued the owner My cousin had that game for 2 years and she is COMPLETELY fine You guys are just HATERS AND I WILL SAY IT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN And why in the heavens would there be one stalker in the game, don't you think there would be one in all the other outfit7 games Retards
Talking Angela and tom Angela is kinda weird but basids that its  AWESOME   not  I lt3 it
Wow what a game , it is a cutest app ever.but why do people hate it  because it kidnaps childs , see don't worry about it, nothing will happen  just pray to god and nothing will happen and please be happy. LIFE IS SHORT.
I love this game It's so fun I love angla she makes my day I love tom to there fun there make a good family I love fashion to like angla I love it u should download  it today
Sweet Tom and Angela meet on Toms  letters and Tom is trying to win Angela's  on this game. So sweet and romantic.
