Love it This game will let me be crazy . like comeon  guys. I love it my heart is saying to me I want it so much . I am going to die just for this. If I was you I have 5 stars good enough ha . rate it rate it rate it please 4 or 5 at least .thanks .
It rocks for kids It's a really really good games of the kids and my cousin just obsessed with it because the dirt burning how to her they're learning how to roll just word and earn money so this is a really good game for your child learn to work hard and I would get this if I were you
Nice Just more daily rewards jack it up.                And just like Hello Kitty cafe seasons make other stuff other hello kitty find hunt or something Hello Kitty seasons to something else like anything else like boo cafe
Awesome Loved this game what a game yar to good and to cool and so   cool I want to also open my own cafe and I would not allow any cost cost coustmer to go from my shop and when I use to bring a new phone I downloaded this game
DG HF sf by Dr BH egdhfcdgfgdj thfgf fvdjf    GH h DG JH DG     ghgjghhgh jgdhhg cjghfhfhgvyuvygychchcrzjnkvdhfjfkdms amd I like to make a big big  fat cake  and I will make a big  big  hello  K  games  to naked  a big rat  so  I can  do it all by myself  so  Diggy  will  not  laugh  any  more  a game  games  game is not is like  this is a good  friends for me to play with it  and he likes to mess with people he always got to Hhgutj
Excellent Before I installed it I didn't care because it will give me diamonds in star girl but when I play it . It became my favorite game.
I WANT HEARTS  I love playing this game but our hearts we get should increase with each level up because with only getting 18 hearts each time it'd take 20 days to buy a new employee
AWESOME GAME It's cool and a really good game I would recommend to get this game.
Kitty Cafe Loved this game from long ago.  Forgot about it, but now that I've played it again still loving it. Just that I have to start from the beginning.
I love the game but don't like the fact that when I purchase new people and I switch to a new phone I have to buy the characters all over
Liked hello kitty  I like this game amazing. So I download it. But one thing that I don't like is that how to earn hello kitty points. I gave 10 points to the game if we get hello kitty points every time we play. I am the daughter of heena Patel. Twisha
Awesome No words , but please give us extra hearts every time we level up
Love it Realy fun but why do we have to wait 24 hours to get our daily reward
I love you hello kitty. Hello Kitty like you but min Name is        Teslas im 7.
Hello kitty cafe I love this games nevouase it is with out internet connect and I always play with it.
It's so fun and cute Every sanrio fan should download this  It's very cute  And even the graphics r good  But the only thing I don't like is that u can't log in or out so u can't like literally have an account so if u delete it and download it again you'll have to restart from scratch
I need more pet points It would be better if we could have more pet points by watching advertisements or get some as we level up or something.
Love it Fun and addiction game i would recommend this game
