Wow The undisputed best Grand Slam app ever How can this app keep getting better, yet the French Open app is just a useless pile of junk. The Wimbledon app is classy looking, a delight to use and actually useful. Thanks for listening and making it much more a fan resource, E.g by linking from the draws to the player bios...yes And many other improvements. Thanks also for NOT falling for material design.
Go, Andy Murray I have used several other tennis apps before, and it is safe to say this one performs phenomenally It lets me easily keep up with my top players despite a slight slump in intuitiveness. App runs smoothly and has a good amount of summary information per player.
My fav GS of the year This app alerts me if any of my fav players are in trouble during a match even if I don't have app opened. Major cool
Superb Very easy to use. Great design. Fast response, live scores and videos.
Best dedicated App Very quick updates. Everything you need to know. The best dedicated App I've used.
Beautiful Beautiful beautiful beautiful app. The interface, the news feed, the notifications.... Everything is just perfect. No other grand slam app comes closer.
Yes. We love tennis. My Mom taught me and I play for my school's team, Virginia Union University. Go VUU
Super cool Best app for tennis lovers . Every thing abt this app is cool. videos, news, live score, live commentry and not to mention alert, which is superb. By far the best app for GS
Awesome, just like the tournament. Clean design, easy access, frost notifications... All the makings of a good app.
Awsome Finally an app that works well and isn't shoving ads in your face every time you change page.
Unbelievable I cannot believe how good this app is on my Samsung s5. Favourite players, push updates, video interviews. Brilliant Haven't found a list of players in seed order yet but I'm sure it's there somewhere...
Great app Very good interface with useful information and easy to use controls. App actually functions very well.
UK SUPPORTING USA Great let's hope Murray loses and Venus Williams wins the ladies
Nothing tops Wimbledon app The best, period. No other grand slam tennis tournament can even come close to Wimbledon's app in terms of everything imaginable.
I love Wimbledon 2015 we will Chimpiyan Roger Federer 8th Garand Salm Wimbledon
Badlad The 2015 app does not fail to impress ... fast fast scores and the push message alerts are very handy. Love to wimbledon feel
Great Push notifications work really well, fast updates and looks nice. Not noticed any lag or battery drain.
