It boosts knowledge Very nice app...keeps me updated wid al d latest updates of current affairs...dis app has a wast collection of data.
superb...best way to know about everything...a great app fr those who want to enhance their knowledge ..
Great effort Thank you so much for taking such a great effort and making all latest news updates. This app is great help for competitive exams
Can current affairs available in MARATHI language If you provide information in marathi also which will be beneficial to us.
Excellent app.. Just half an hour a day and you will get nearly everything happened throughout the day.
Very very very usefull for exam...tnanxx alot I m proud of jagran's team...
Awesome Please upload all Haryana current affairs and hssc j.e test please pleae
Awesome Nice app..it is helpful to keep me up to date abt current affair
It's good app, contain almost all aspects, thanks for developers.
Please update Marathi language also. First thanks to provide ocean of knowledge. But if you update Marathi language it will be more beneficial to us. And please include Maharashtra state in States category.
Nice current affairs app Keeps you updated with latest current affairs. Thanks for developer.
Nice update Thanks for solving bookmark issue and very nice update most helpful app i ever seen for competitive exam
Very convenient for reading than reading through its website. Please provide some features like marking the page or marking the position of CA article in that sequence of particular categoryeconomy, international etc. . Because when the app gets crashed, the link to page which I last read will be lost. Again to find that article it takes time and pain. And also please provide searching the article by entering date under categories section in current affairs.
Its fantastic...very helpful Good for all competitive exam..
Its a very good app.. it keeps me update with the world..
Can't get more than this Nice and just simple
Pathway to knowledge This is a really useful app. It is really being helpful to me. Those who are trying for competitive exams can try this app. Thank you for the developer. Hats off 
Nice app Its really good...but little more graphics like pictures and audio recordings can enhance it more..
awesome nothing can b betr than this for a true imformatn seeker...solutn to lots of problem ....thankew fr making this app ..really helpful
Fantab.. Superb , but lags with the navigation part during the quiz...overall good
Enlightening Gr8 app with bad graphics.. but still does justice with your expectations...
very good and feeding my brain with expected info
Amazzing Evry student must have this aapp ...  important one
Awesome app for general knowledge... Love it
Liked it. Is it possible to read offline
Please add pics related to the news..so that readers can remember it easily... rest all awesome and really helpful
