Holy Moley EVERYTHING at once Navigation is flawless No guessing as to where, or what to icon to utilize. I'm impressed. I swear on my children that I was not compensated or coerced into making this statement. If you're looking for an immediate answer, there's no easier way to go.
Awesome I am one of those people who are always on the go, so this app is perfect. It tells me my due payment and whats left. It definitely Helps out.
So far all good Just got on my Samsung S3.  It's a little slow but I know my phone is considered old.
Crashes on my Note 4 since Lolly Pop upgrade I don't have paper cards, so electronic is my go to and now I can't because the app constantly crashes as soon as it tries to open.
Switched insurances After some problems with progressive and their services I decided to switch to GEICO, honestly their app is much easier to use. I haven't dealt with their customer service yet and hopefully won't have to if this app has anything to do with it.
Great App I love this app. It gives easy access to anything that I would need online or by calling customer service. It's a little slow sometimes but completing worth it
Easy and Helpful. SamsungGalaxy Note3 Now on Galaxy Note 4 andThis is a great app to have and utilize. The only way I access my policy anymore. Rarely have to call an agent for anything. Spoke to a live agent twice in the last 1 year .
Easy to navigate I can change my policy, updated my billing,  report a claim  do all the things that I would have to do on a computer. It's so convenient  easy to navigate  access my account. Love this app  just the pig Maxwell in the commercial I can easy show my proof of insurance without having to carry a paper copy in my car. Keep it Geico
Great App The app is great. Makes bill pay, roadside assistance, etc. so quick and easy. Everything works great as well. I haven't had a single problem.
Very best app This is one of the best apps that I use regularly. All the updates have made this app 1 in my book and 5 star rating is low for me. I would rate this app 10stars if I could. Very user friendly and makes dealing with your own insurance company a piece of cake. I have used the claim service portion of the app and it was very easy to use and overall made my experience very pleasing in light of the accident I was in. Will highly recommend this app to friends that have Geico insurance.
Apple watch Your latest update now supports it but last time I checked, this is the play store for GOOGLE. So maybe make it so that android wear supports it not a Device that doesn't even run on android.
What more could you ask for I have been a Geico customer for over 10 years. This app is amazing Anything you could ever need is right at your fingertips. It is so easy to use, understand and navigate. If only everything could be this easy. Their customer service is off the hook I've never had a poor experience. They really do care and the shops they partner with are exceptional. This is one customer that will stay loyal. Thank you
Awesome app for adding new vehicle I bought a new car, and it took less than 5 minutes to update my coverage and have new ID cards  proof of insurance sent.
I called GeiCo at 6 am on Sunday morning.  A person answedr the phone and actually set up an account for me. I was so happy to save 20. I will never go anywhere else.
I've just uploaded this app and works fine with me. All the info I may need regarding my policy is there, and then some more. What more can anybody asks
Such a cool app The app is awesome, has so much more than I've ever seen on any other insurance app. So simple to use A
Best app n easy to use Since you keep upgrading the application it the best app by far.. keep up the good work.. a very loyal customer
Good Super easy and great insurer .. smooth app as well
Works great for us Haven't had any problems with the app. I have appreciated having the information and access right on my phone.
GEICO I love GEICO so much that I have been with them for about 10 years if not longer.
Well built app The interface is sleek, it's lightweight, it helps me when I need it and leaves me alone when I don't. No adds or annoying popups.
Great app I love this app. It is so convenient for paying your bill or if you need roadside assistance. That is much faster when you use the app.
Good app Very useful and fast.. I haven't had a problem with it
Awesome Can do everything here that I want without going to the website.
Does its job Haven't had any issues with the app, myself. It's pretty well organized and easy to navigate. Good quick reference tool if I have questions about my policypaymentswhatever.
