Addicting I am addicted to it I never stop playing. The creator of this game should uprade it to like big boss level which could be a large big glass.
Great no brainer This is a swell game for when you don't want to commit to a longer more involved mobile gaming experience. However, you can still get sucked in for hours. Beautiful graphics and physics, and a chill soundtrack really tops it off. Worth the 3 or whatever it is now for the full version.
Smash Break stuff... I keep bringing my phone closer to my face the longer i play... Talk about sucking you in... Fun fun.
Wow Game The Only Discrepancy Is It Never Starts From The Saved Stage. You Have To Start It Over. But You Won't Regret It.
AWESOME GAME I really like that the goal is to smash glass and not crash as much. I will still give it five stars but I do have 1 problem. I wish if there ever is another update, they need to make the power up time longer.
Sc me Zain218 Sick game don't have no games on my phone but I just love the sound of glass breaking lool
 Sound effects and so much more on fleek...some secrets can't be shared.. find out for yourself how sick this game is if you don't have it
This game....... it's amazing I am obsessed with this game. Anytime I'm bored, or have nothing to do I'm just like, okay smash hit time I feel bad for the people who don't play this game
Incredible I dont like playing games because i get bored of them, but this game is just amazing i love the graphics and music. I recomend this to everyone. Im going to buy the full game too
ET past time A smooth game, wonderful to look at. Reminds me of the Animus sequences from Assassin's Creed
Cool game but can u upgrade it or can I get De premium free i got De premium and I lost all my cash i don't know y u guys r a cheat but game is good u better return my cash or i will not give 5 stars
Since recent update.....july 10.....will not open...try to open .....box  appears  says its going to shut down.  Samsung Galaxy 4 ......SGHI337M
Precision shooting with a gradual increase difficulty It's a fun and addicting game which can get your girlfriend mad at you for focusing too much to your phone. Enjoy
fun, who doesn't like breaking glass this is a rather fun game. very tricky at first, till you realize you don't have to hit every sing piece of glass to survive, figured it out and survived so long.
Efficient I find its either this or bejeweled, and honestly, for the price and the amount of stress relief that comes from this game, I pick it first every time. Great game, good time killer and not a battery hog.
Favorite game by far Simple,  yet increasingly difficult.  Not like most games where toy get so stuck you give up and so playing,  or start paying a fortune  That said,  the upgrade is worth it Especially when you first start,  but totally unnecessary. I'm NOT the type to beat games but I've beaten this one several times,  even without the upgrade,  and I'm STILL HOOKED
The best I love because  its interesting and gets stress of my mind because I can smash stuff instead of something vauleable
Finally a game I LOVE Beutiful graphics and music. The glass breaking relieves stress lol  My new addiction
Breaking Stuff Who doesn't like breaking Stuff  Fun game, very fun to see how far away you can be to the hit target. Good work developers
With flying color Tension is well managed I grew excited by the sight of those pyramid glasses and feel panicky when my shots failed to clear obstacle. Add to that mesmerizing lighting, clear but mild crashing sound, and free mode that can't possibly invite ire from it's player, I can confidently say this is mobile arcade game done right Well done
