Love it I've beat this game twice and its amazing.But why not add in more content Why not make for examplezombie mode,aliens ,Harder difficulty.I would really love it if more contents are put into this game that would make this more than a 5 star game.Hope you read this 
Nail biting stuff The devs have done a great job creating such tension with so little. Noticed a little lag on my S4 but so far seems to be just beforeafter an update. It's brutal in every sense, tho I'm yet to survive self entiated violence... either way I'm hooked.
On the go survival I absolutely love this game. I bought it off Steam and played numerous hours. The game can get really dire and things can go south really quickly, and it leaves you with this certain dread and unforgiving sadness, but it makes you want to try and try again until you can outlast. Very enjoyable game indeed
Love it but ... I love this game but please please make a level difficulty i suck so bad at it and i want it to be a smidge easier
Excellent game Interesting game. Seems to work well on my Note 4 after update. Also if u have frame rate issue on note4 make sure you install samsung game tuner to speed it up. The game is perfect on note4 after doing this
Great game Con is after 16 days your people breakdown and become worthless. Dang ole weak humanity. That's what's wrong with humanity crying about problem out of their control.
Excellent port from PC Runs extremely well Nexus 6P. Redesigned UI for mobile. Only thing missing I think is custom play through which was available after first play through on PC Also the save system should be made clearer or explained as you regularly exit the game as a mobile user. If you played Fallout Shelter and found that too easy or shallow, this is the game for you. It has an excellent atmosphere, real consequences and decisions to make and challenging but rewarding game play.
One of the Best I've Played This game is one of the best I've played on a mobile device. The story is intriguing and keeps me entertained for a long time. Definitely on the pricey side but I think it's worth it.
Love it but I love this game but when i open it, it just brings me to the menu its annoying please fix it
HEEEELLLLPP I love the idea of this game and i want to play it but where are the instructions or guide I cant figure it out and i dont usualy have problems with games . This ones got me frusterated.
Engaging This War Of Mine is amazing It makes you feel things man.
Can put it down Only play till day 3 and all i can say love it best 7 i spent in week's
Great game I played this game on PC a while back and it was super enjoyable. Very well made. Just saw that is was added to Google Play so I figured I'd get back into it and I'm still loving it
Fantastic As others have said, I don't know if I would call it fun, but it definitely entertains and leaves a lasting impression.
Awesome Title says it all. Just needs a discount every now and then. 14.99 is a lot off of a google play card.  I cri evrytim
Heartbreakingly real. One of a kind. I almost never write reviews, but this....this is more than a game. It gives you an entirely different experience to what you normally hear about the wars on the news and makes you really see the hardship and why refugees would risk their louvres to flee from warzones....let alone the indepth scope on character emotions. Top notch, please keep it up.
Nice game.. I can't choose person for scarving if i have 6 people in the house..please make scroll down button..there is only 4 person that i can choose.
Works now and it's grrrreat as that lion from Kellogg says And this game is challenging and fun
Awsome But will android version have the option to make their own story like pc
Incredible. The lack of a tutorial frustrated me at first... But learning the game play somehow made it even more immersive, as learning the storyline. 11 bit keeps getting better
Awesome game This is fun challenging and is set in a post appoptilictic world which are all things I love in games totally worth the 7 dollars
Amazing Great game , great graphics and game play. really challenging game trying keep all your survivors happy and alive
One of the top games out there Definetly a 1010 I've beaten this multiple times on PC and now I can on my lunch break also
Glitch There's a glitch in the Old Town on the second floor. When I go to scavenge on the second floor all the way to the left, I click the hand icon and my character gets stuck, doesn't scavenge and I have to restart. Not a huge problem, but thought you should know and can it be fixed Keeping it five stars because it's the only issue I have.
 Very fun and very addicting I hope you can add the option to create your own game like on the pc version
Absolutely worth it Sometimes it's hard justifying a purchase over a few dollars on a mobile game. In this case, I can justify it. The developers did an awesome job. This game can have many twists and turns based on your own decisions. I would recommend this to anyone after it was recommended to me. Nice job development team...it's great.
