Widget now broken Use to work flawless, but since the last update the clock widget no freezes every 30 minutes and I have to force close and restart it or it will still say 842am when it's 10pm. When the system clock is still working fine. Back to 5 stars when that's fixed.
The new tides and marine page is great though a full month for moon data would be good.  If you're having problems with the Widget not responding, and have Evernote Widgets installed, try removing the Evernote widget  after quite a bit of trial and error I've discovered that the Evernote 4x2 widget causes all other widgets incl. Weatherzone to misbehave.
Plans to update design The UI hasn't changed much over the years and has become a bit stale. I still love the wealth of information though, it could just use a visual refresh. I'm a geography teacher and have a keen interest in taking weather patterns. This app is excellent. It is hard to believe how much information it is able to log and present.
Best weather app around Its awesome so handy but yet so good its the only weather app i have used for the last 3 years and gets put on all my phines and tablets
Great App Very accurate, easy to read, loads of info, great for preparing to take the boat out, and planning for social events. I used the free app for 6 months and had no problems, but have never regretted moving up to the pay app. Thanks guys this is a winner.
Fantastic weather app. I used to use weather bug, but found that it didn't give me all the information for Melbourne weather. This is one of the most comprehensive weather app I've experienced.
Upgraded from S3 to S6 Edge this App maintains its looks integrity and accuracy. Couldn't ask for a better Weather App for the Australian Seasons. Top Stuff. Well worth the purchase.
Couldn't go to work without it This app helps us tradies everyday on the job and before. Amazingly easy to use, loads of options.
SM705 Simply the best, it Is one of the best app that is out there in the market, very informative and accurate  information, well done keep the good work.
Weather Zone  Fantastic app As it gets it's data from the BOM it's accurate no matter where you are. It's easy to use and well laid out. Love it
Not happy Pay good money  I don't want  adds on this app rrrrrrr not happy Jan ...so I've paid good money for adds
So very useful Great app, full of relevant information such as temp, rainfall, fire danger, sun rise and sun set plus warnings. Have since upgraded to Pro
Cool, but not hot.. As accurate as an app can be without telling the future... the temps always measure up with my physical means of measurement. My only fart in their general direction is that the wave  snow cams are still... live feed would be better.. Otherwise, Fantastic app, awesome widget. . ...
Best Oz weather app. Most accurate weather forecasts for Oz. Widget could do with a refresh now, but for the dorks who complain about the clock widget, get Timely. If you want good weather app, use Weatherzone.
Still a HUGE fan Thanks guys  as always a very detailed and comprehensive weather app. Extras like the news are much appreciated  especially minus ads And the snow cam reports  better than ever. Great
Best weather app The most accurate weather app I have used. I am impressed with all the extras... local radar, tides, etc. I have recommended it to others.
Intelligent and Simple I love this which details the weather along with pollen count which i think to be pretty accurate as i generally get bad hayfever. It is also beautifully laid out and is simple to navigate and understand. I pretty much use this on a daily basis.
Best weather app I've tried a lot of weather apps and this one is the best. With a good detailed analysis including radar, I've found this by far the most accurate. It's not easy finding a good weather app for Australia, yet this one excels. Great application. Edit  still by far the best weather app on the play store. Now even better since the upgrades. Updated Still the best and most accurate weather app for Australia. Samsung Note 4.
Awesome Can't live without this app, use it to plan my day,  week,  weekend.  Invaluable if you live somewhere that the weather is unpredictable and variable.  Still awesome
Spot on app.Highly recommend it. Best on the market Well worth the purchase. Newer  versions just fine tunes and gets better update after update. Best on the market. Dont understand the odd negative comment about security or battery isues..simply not true
The best bar none. One of the best reasons to leave Windows phone and return to android. The most accurate and informative weather app in existence. Just buy it, no don't give me excuses, just buy it OK
As close as it gets Been through lots of weather apps. This is as close as it gets. After using the free one for sometime decided to get the paid one to thank the developers for a wonderful product.
