A lot like the normal version, if a bit easier. It's fun, and it's really smooth. My only complaint is that the gobbleshaft surgery doesn't  work for me. I swear i put it in the right place, but it wouldn't recognize it.
Feels like a full console game It's awesome Its way less frustrating then on the computer, reduced lag, acceptable graphics, It's worth the money 55 stars, buy now.
The Heart Transplant Good Game But,I can't Find The Heart in the Heart Transplant,it Might be just me noticing,or it is not there               P.S.        Good Game   It Is AWESOME
Amazing This game is funny, hard, and cool people say it has sloppy controls but I say it does not I think you should add the brain transplant
Love it.  The socalled sloppy controls makes the surgeries that little bit more fun.  If the controls were precise, then the mayhem that does occur in this game would not happen.  I look forward to updates.
GREAT GAME its a great game... even though i beat all the transplants, its fun to go back and mess around.. P.S. To people who have problems with controls the sloppy controls are fun.. if they were easier than its not fun.
Amazing This game is an amazing game that is fun and raging at the same time. There are tons of fun easter eggs, operations and more The only problem is that there is no hand which makes it easier.
Worth downloading Really really cool worth more than 5dollars I'll pay a 100dollars for it ok it may be hard like extreme but you know the greater the obstacle the more glory of overcoming it
TERRIBLE.....Y awesome This game has the worst controls i've ever seen and I wouldn't have it any other way Great for quick laughs or rage inducing day long head aches Play this game
So fuuun People say the sloppy controls are a problem. Why do u think its so funny to watch other people play it Because the controls are sloppy Its what makes the game fun And you realize in the description of the game it says ''do your worst'' Bob is your victim with your shaky hands
Disgusting but Beautiful at the same time It has a good amount of fun till you get to the level where you just love it and your addicted to it
So much fun i bought it twice Own it on ps4 and on mobile and this game is so much fun to play. The terrible controls add to the fun because you start to rip apart patients.
Best, Funniest Game yet This game is amazing It brought me on my toes everytime I play it. Just 1 thing they need to add. You need to add more levels. And to the creator of this game, don't listen to the people that say The controls are terrible and they aren't. The controls are just fine. Actually there not just fine there awesome. Thanks for creating this halarious game.
This game delivers It is as fun and is as easy to play as it looks in the video. The touch controls are not perfect but they definitely work. There was more content added and I expect more on the way. Great buy.
Amazing Finally A good game for a good price I would have payed ten dollars for this game I played it on PC and I'm actually upset you nerfed the hammer though...
Best game ever This is one of the best games i had ever had The only thing is too add more levels
Love it but one minor problem. Love it as if it was for pc. But to keep the  excitement and well, playable, if it was updated for Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge support. Just saying, and Good luck.
FANTASTIC The sloppy controls make it a really fun, annoying and addicting ga... Doctor, the patient is dea... SHUT UP NURSE, IM MAKING A REVIEW 4 SURGEON SIMULATOR FOR MOBILE DEVICES
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG I HATE IT AND BY HATE I MEAN LOVE SO I LOVE IT So cool I love it more than  my life
