Epic game How come it says that the race is hard when a car. Has only one more power Also the race the world battle is good except for the thing when it says one more power is hard. 
Super The car are very really great in this update I have more worth in Mac I finish this game with old update till Errol papa biz yosiro alida cartilo are the violence in east bay
Csr Since the new update and when I win a race the game isn't giving me money and its very frustrating I don't want to delete this game because it is one of my favorites all I'm asking is just fix
My Brush with DEATH My parachute deployed prematurely during a high speed run. Then my Mini Cooper cartwheeled into the stands,  killing five spectators. Fortunately, I was pulled from the mangled Mini unharmed. I survived five tiers, beat Errol and his crew of misfits, then whooped the World Tour freak show. Now it's on to the International, where all of the CSR Racing wingnuts get their final spanking...Five Stars
Best game ever I love to drive Lambhorghini venono and Ferrari FXXK .and I love Stallion Riders in crew battles . This is my best game in my life. My brother also love this game very much.
Bring out another tour Need more to do on this game I have 90 cars the best is the ferrari fxx k I can get a 6.956 n nothing comes close to that so need some faster cars or better yet some slower cars in t1 n 2 ur just sticking with t5 n its getting boring my online winloss is 5496 wins n 147 losses can anyone tell me if that is good
Really awesome game This game is really good but why don't you give a car away. Like in the next update you give like a low tier or a high tier car just for the heck of it. It would be really nice for people who don't have good cars
All dragracers get this The Best Yet  Game is addictive Awesome Graphics, Storyline and Gameplay.  I currently Love playing this TopNotch  thrilling game Everyone should try it bc it is a keeper
Awesome offlineonline game I played this game for over a year now and I can say the physics are amazing. The graphics quality and the coding are extremely well done too compared to other drag racing games. Love it
Csr racing Csr racing was one of my best racing game I ever played. Getting the boss cars are really hard to get even though i bought the mechanic. I would rate 5 stars. Oh yeah on the next update can you add the Lamborghini sesto elemento, Lamborghini Gallardos too and add some Porsche cars too it would be good for Csr racing.
Still an amazing game Please add some cars like Aventador SV, Charger SRT Hellcat, Holden HSV GenF2 GTS, Ford Falcon GTF, etc.
Should be able to sell cars.. Make an update so I can sell cars I no longer use for more money for more upgrades
Great game but Perfect shift is not always perfect tier 5. Some cars are next to impossible to buy except purchasing with real world money. Impossible to beat Aiden for his evora
