Hated it I won lots of maches no money came to my accountants in and when I loose all money is gone.they even say Is not don't have money even though I have it. So many errors in one game.its just gulpping money.its not only me most of them has lost money today even after winning the game.
Amazing This is good app for those who are addicted to gambling. This is quite well.
Good Game My boring time pass game. I will happy for this application. Download it and enjoying your boring time....
Good Don't buy chips. Just uninstall the game and install again. You will get 1 lakh chips again.
I loved this game This game is full time pass.  . I love it  ........just i want to know how can i change my name in game
Lovely game l have a little chips I want to ply big game help me
3patti panpatti I give 5 star only to get 5000 free coins
Real teen patti Best game to play  where thousands of players are on line,
Its a ge of mind with luck Play easly with relax mind  with positive think rhen result will be good
I luv it ths apps More time spend this app real teen pti i like it
Real teen patti Really,good game for time passing.
Real game I love it because of its style and the way it's played
Love this ossam game I love it playing whole day osssam great keep it up teeen patti
Really buying coin is a big troble I luv real teen patti
Awesome Mja aa jata h ye game khel ke
Nice game Excellent I love this game
Very Good Game.. I am daily playing this game...
Super in 3 cards game Love to play the day game where there are lot of variations
Worst game if we don't have chips it didn't challenge and show when we already spend that lakhs chips.. It's a major problem.. And worst commercial game it is only for buy a chips from onlineshop Like it
Amazing But unable join through fb. Otherwise its perfect
Sagar Giod game...its a good time pass
I love this game This game is full time pass enywere
Buying  Chips problem I gave u 5 stars coz I loved it ,but why the he'll,I can't buy chips from my debit card When ever I am trying to buy chips finally it's showing that ur card numbers is incorrect. So plzz kindly suggest me solution how I can buy chips from my debit card
Good app This app. Play well in 2g net
Real teen Patti I love it dat game
Awesome Wicked cool its a good one to pass the time lolz
Nice game I like this game and I play this game and give 5 stars but very nice game not so bad game
