Awesome its grate to have fun with Not many bugs some ads that I don't care about but its still good
Awesome The full app is amazing It really challenges your creativity. Could really use a tutorial. I'm still trying to figure out all of the amazing features but I do love this app.
Love it, but... I really like this. It's great for people who don't know so much...but, I would enjoy the ability to draw certain things in different scenes, or an easier way to make objects maybe..
Great app Yeah, this is a great and very fun app. I don't ever buy apps so trust me this is a great app because I payed money for it. Thank you for making this great app.
Awesome OK I love this app it just needs like weeklymonthly updates that add more but so far fits all of my cartoon needs
Fantasic Really such a good app
Awesome app I love making animations with this app ive done i think 2 on youtube
Not bad at all Cool
This button is saying REFUND I opened it up
Sweet Really easy to make awesome videos How ever I wish there were some more premade items.
Wow very  cool Just exported a video  called the big bingers
AWSOME
Awesome
Could be smaller
Fun game I made memes and mncraft on it
Good animating app, fast exporting, background exporting, and great updates, Edit Make a folder called Movies to fix export problem recommendation from me to buy and support this amazing development
So simple
Samsung Galaxy S4
Best Best amimation ever
possibly the best app Issue corrected. I have an art app that was awesome. It got pulled down, but since I paid for it I have it forever. This is one of those apps. You better buy it before it gets monetized with ads
Can you add more to play around with It's a really good app but can you add some video game themed animation options like minecraft with all the mobs and a white person and white thing can be used to add your own skin so pls if you are looking pls add that that would be awesome
Best app ever I had this for just 4 hours and so much stuff has happened and alot of stuff is in here i love is but please get it oh yes it has minecraft stuff awsome i used the bat yo scare the stickman away and i have got to tell you it is amazing the best game ever yay  Get it
This is the most awesome app ever for easy video and anime creation. Tons of awesome tools allow for easy but yet detailed video creation. I love the fact you can add your on voice. I made some really cool videos with this.
 I've never used a better animating app Its simple which is always nice and it doesn't require u to only move it a little
Vector Drawing Tool Can you make it so we can export Vector Drawings as SVG as well That would be amazing Maybe even export the animation D Great app
Awesome No flaws This is by far the easiest 2d animation software there is
THE BEST DRAWING APP Snsdkbjesgrewj
 It needs an option for audio.
Worth it for 3.99p I got the free version and it was good I made one animation and looked at this one and I bought it for 3.99p and its evan better
