Awesome As a tattoo artist, this is probably the most useful app I have for proportions. The lighting is great, everything is great. I love that you can articulate the fingers, very few things I would change. Multiple figures would be awesome, as well as any other apps you guys might make with animals. I'm not sure how much I would pay for an app with all of that, but it would be a lot. Don't mind that you can over stretch limbs, that's useful for other things and I'd be bummed if that changed
Very helpful It's really wonderful and a must buy app for any character artist,everything is perfect except the buttons,they move with the finger movement and some times they're not responsive. Also don't know where are the screenshots
Perfect Simple, easy and fast to use.  Exactly what I was looking for  Makes MARA3D look like a big pile of clunky poop.
Finally Just what I needed. I could never get a pose to look perfect in my drawings recently but with this I know I will be able to get what I want. Money well spent when it costs less than a wood mannequin and can do a lot more.
Love limitless movement capability I love that you can pose figures beyond normal limits as this allows for accident and other trauma poses. I love that the selected body part is identified by text also, but I can see why some would just like it to be highlighted why not have both Very nice app
Almost perfect It needs more precise limits for movement and rotation because it's easy to stretch body parts to unnatural poses. Other than that the app is wonderful
Perfect Does exactly as it should. Love the new update but it can get difficult at times, it's  a shame it doesn't come with basic pose starting point to work from.
BEST MODELING APP EVER I do not review apps unless I extreamly love an app or extreamly hate an app. I would highly recomend this app to all artist out there. It is so worth it's price  fan girl screaches is the corner  would recomend adjusting the neck controls
ALMOST PERFECT... ALMOST PERFECT, the  only thing that's missing, that would be great, would be able to set up a group pose of 2 or 3 figures.  WOULD Buy a complete new version of this app if we could set up group scenes, or still life scenes with objects etc...  PLEASE... 
Excellent reference Love the simplicity of adjusting so great of a range of body parts along with screen shots and multiple angles I can email myself for later use Only improvement I can see is the addition of paid upgrades such as props chairs, poles, weapons, etc.. Even without those still an easy five star rating.
Worth the  This app. allows  you to control lighting, pov, perspective, gender,  position  angles of all the different body parts etc. You can switch it to 'muscle view' or make the figure fat or muscletoned. And then you can even save that figure once you're done. Very good app.
An invaluable tool A very powerful app and indispensable asset for any artist. Highly recommended.
Great app Love it How how bought some presets Like hand positions Or the ability to morph various parts
Now with a PP Grid Adding the grid means they are improving the product. I suggest to add Ground Plane grid  Perspective in grids.
The Best Now I can hang up Poser for my posing...the best app I've  bought
Wow You guys delivered. This update for the skin and lighting came out of nowhere. I was fine with what it was before, but this is just an amazing update. Recommending to everyone I know, even if they don't do art.
