I have 32000 comics and this program has been a great Boone to keeping my books in order. Yes, the app can't handle the total inventory but does well with tracking incomplete series.
Wow I bought this for the PC a long time ago. I gave up on it because it was too complex to enter everything manually. Well i finally bought a tablet. Now use it as a scanner. Only wish i did this years ago so id have less comics to scan. A  so far to CLZ
Great App The newest version with quick cloud sync is terrific Very easy to take your collection on the go so you can make purchases of what exactly you need. Only needed feature is a better way to scroll through big collections.
Blue eye button What does the blue eye button do  It doesn't seem to do anything
Easy to use. Good visuals for an app. Would like next update to have different sort optionsdisplays of personal collectionwishlist
Love it Great app, recommend
Fantastic companion app I also have the Mac version and this is an amazing companion to it, especially with the ability to bulk scan barcodes to add books to my collection. It is pricy though, that is the only downside.
This is it. Purchase the comp program and get this app. It's completely worth it. I love if.
This app has been a great asset. It has allowed my to catalog and easily reference close to 3000 comic books. I had a problem, but customer support was FANTASTIC in helping me resolve the issue.
Awesome Best app I have so far.
Almost perfect Viewing my collection looks great with this app. Also gives me a chance to easily look at my wish list when I am in a comic shop. I do hope that this app will have the same full features was the desktop version.
Best way to catalogue your collection When combined with the desktop software, this is a fantastic piece of kit to keep your collection up to date. Best way to prevent buying duplicates.
Amazing I dont spend money on apps. But i finally found the one I've been looking for Only loaded half my comics and looks great
Newest version Don't have an option for no folders but still love the app
Awesome It would be nice if all the new comics and variants would have their pictures already uploaded and available when entering our comics. Also adding the option of saying whether or not our copy is graded and market value. Other than that, pretty darn cool
Love it Love the new update. I've been waiting on this for a long time. The only problem I have are the covers don't always update to the correct covers. Any solutions
I'm in love tried every other comic database because of price of this one. finally bought this one and it has all my comics plus variants. I LOVE THIS APP Easy to use, has my older comics and independent comics. Only recommendation would be to add a feature to search for a series within a series you already have instead of having to search the name ask over again.
Love the app.  Highly recommend.  Makes going shopping for books at the store or a con so much easier now that I know exactly what I have. Easy to pull up and look for a title, artist, writer etc etc
