Spot on Most defiantly worth 2 exactly what it says it is, which is rare, but I have 0 complaints with comicat spot on gents   EDIT. Still lovein it totally needs a widgit guys
A 4.7 rating Really Is there any reason why ComicCat doesn't have a higher rating than a 4.7 This app definitely deserves it
Santa Approved This is without a doubt the best comic reader out there I keep all of my Christmas comics in a separate folder for easy location. It also lets me find my magic books and magazines easily, too I'm glad I own it
Works AMAZINGLY well  seriously, if you intend to read manga on your device, you cannot go wrong with this.   Smooth interface, well thought out, and without a single problem at all  using it daily on a number of my devices.  I honestly don't see how this isn't 55 average  there's nothing to be improved
Best cheap paid app for Comics Better than those costly paid app here..
Best comicbook reader for Android Looks good works even beter
Great reader No lagforce close issues, lots of display options. No complaints here. Well worth the price.
Excellent Best reader I've ever used
Great app always looks beautiful
Very nice Great app
Very good, love it
Wicked
Best comic app out there This is by far the best comic reader I've tried. All the free apps are either spoiled by ads or don't work properly. This has everything that a good reader needs and does the job brilliantly. Worth every penny o
Best comic app Excellent app Easy to use. It added all my comic collection instantly and it has yet to freeze on me.
Best Comic Reader I have searched for a Comic Reader for a long time. I have been through about 5 other apps. My search is over. I have over 5000 digital comics and now I finally have an app that works perfect. There is plenty of ways to customize this app. So now I can enjoy my comics again. Thanks for a great app
Excellent Similar to other readers,  but just a little bit better in many small ways.  Most importantly,  still heavily supported and updated by devs.
Like it Nice comic reader. Could use material design makeover.
Great Comic App One of the best Comic Readers out there with a vast range of formats readable
By far the comic reader with the most capabilities on the Play Store, especially love the cloud storage linking for easy transfer of comics from my home server. Updated often by the Dev. Highly recommended.
A Best comic app I've used
Had an Issue now fixed, devs let me know and everything displays great  highly recommend
Excellent Reader I love this reader. I tried a few before finding this one. It really is the best.
Best. Comic. Reader. Out. There 'Nuff said.
My goto choice for comics and manga I really do enjoy this app. I've been using it for a while now and it gets the job done simply and efficiently.
Comicat is a great app  Outstanding value. No cons at all.  Works great using microsd card in 10 inch Samsung tablet.
Update Still coming out Thanks
Comicat Does the job perfect
Nice to view on my Nexys 7 tab but what about using it with the Nexus Player and reading my comic collection on my 40 HDTV App is alas, incompatible with the Nexus Player, even under Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Please fix it...
Good app Has all the features I need
