Amazing This is probably the best game, you don't need to like matchmaking to love this... it's just amazing
Can you add some kind of computer to track customer's otherwise a amazing game
Best game ever I love this game the first time I got the game it won't load but now omg it the best
Won't let me play I would give it better if it let me play
Awesome game Really fun and just amazing
Omg love this game You people should play this
Thanks for fixing This game now works and is even better than before
I love it You should try it out
Cool Cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
WORTH EVERY PENNYCENT BEST DATING SIM EVER
Amazing This game is awesome and I think tons of other people should play it
OMG This is the best game ever like OMG my friends love it too
Pewds got me into this GREAT GAME
Love this game so much I love this game I started watching ihascupquake play it and it was amazing 
AMAZING Love it
Love it
Love it sooooooooooooo much its the best
Best This is the best app EVER
Kitty powersmatchmaker
Great costumer services At first the game wouldn't boot on my title, I emailed them the issue, a nice guy named Ben responded very quickly. They fixed the issue in a matter of days and updated the game, now everything works fine 
Fun I really like this  game
Really fun This is really fun so... Buy it now PINK FLUFFY UNICORNS DANCING ON RAINBOWS
Awesome Game I was wondering when this was going to come for phones.  The only thing I would really want in the next update is hearing Kitty Power say lines like she does in the computer version,  but overall,  awesome game.  I recommend highly
Outstanding Don't let mean comments hurt you. I don't understand why people would bad mouth this. They don't know how good this game is. My opinion is the fact that this game is amazing so keep up the good work D
AMAZING Omg love it, so worth the money the game is full of funny jokes puns etc and my mam also finds it amazing one or two little snippits of the loadimg screen some of the bits go black but only for a split second EVERY ONE BUY THIS GAME NOWWWWW
Oh man, too much fun A friend and I got it to joke around on during a long car ride, and to our surprise fell IN LOVE with it. We fought over whose turn it was to make a match We argued like 7 year olds. Needless to say its way too much fun.
Love it  I absolutely love it. It is the best game I have played in a while. It's so nice to see same sex couples in it as well as not many of these kind of games include that. Once you get a gold heart and travel to another city by reaching lvl 20 it gets harder but that's what makes it more fun because you get to go on more dates Would recommend 5 stars 
Outrages Love this game so much it is the best and its really fun play it
 Amazing love it so fun it's cool I love it its fun,  wait I just said that, definitely get it 
