Great app This app is great I loaded it on a old phone and hid it on my motorcycle. I can turn the alarm on and off by the phone I use every day. If some moves my bike it will email me while I am shopping. Catch them before they get away with it. I would pay a monthly service. Would like to see a few more features in the future.
Bought pro after first use This is a real alarm. Takes picture if someone trips alarm and sends it to your email. Remote arm from internet if you forget or just want to turn alarm on. All this for one dollar. I would have paid more. Great app. Real Alarm. Thank you
Great little app I emailed the developer to suggest the ability to turn it on and off silently and that's exactly what they've done in the latest version
Great Thanks for you. Good job. I try the pro version.  Very good.
Great What a great app So good i bought the pay version  Good work
Excellent Great app I only have one suggestion.  Lock the volume button so it can't be turned down.
SUPER APPLICATION LOVED IT
Nice one.
Very helpful Peace of mind.
Awsome
Great app.
Gd Very good application
Superb
Love this alarm Best alarm for your phone
.
Main dont work Dont work
Excellent job Excellent job Works as advertised and better.
Excellent job Excellent job Works as advertised.
Solid alarm app This app fits my needs for another layer of security in case my phone gets messed with.
Excellent Great app, I recommend.
Excelente Evo 4G Working perfectly on EVO 4G and pictures are great
Love it Works wonderfuly
Perfect This version is great. Very funny and beautiful. The photo feature is amazing hauhau
Couldn't give any other score 
Amazing The best app ever We can change the skin and the music that plays when the alarm fires I've just got a picture of a friend playing with my phone
Cant stop laughing What a improvement from the old one. Just caught my wife checking my messages. cost of the app 1.49... my wife's expression when the phone got her picture priceless
Great App Awesome app  I love how it takes a picture and sends it  caught my buddy trying to screw with it Thanks
Toddler proofed at last  Fab 
