Extremely useful Definitely one of my mostused apps, and I hope it gets expanded further. Would love to see female foot, full malefemale figures, and some more hand poses that are more naturalrelaxed some poses seem a bit contrived and not so useful. Extra models definitely worth the IAP, IMO
Most Invaluable Tool for Artists I have a whole bag of thanks for the guys that developed this app.
Handy for sculptors Great reference tool for sculptors that want to get their anatomy right.  Tweak your pose, adjust your lighting and save your reference.  Easy to use too
Yep Yea, those are hands, alright. Not like....the most accurate hands ever, but if I need to see totally correct proportions, I have two if my own. This is mostly for odd angles I can't bend into, and it does the job
Very useful Easy to use and master... Now, please, I would like a full body poser as well. For complex pose and angles. If you get it done I'll buy it for sure.
Must Have This app is required for any artist it is so amazingly useful and has be incredibly benificial to my illustrations
Really  fun app. Helps with proportions
Great for comic artists I often need reference for a hand gestures from an unconventional angles. Having the 'Handy' gives me that reference on demand. Great tool
Great job This is by far the best posing app I've seen yet. I especially like the lighting feature. Could you please make a horse posing app with the same light feature.
Handy hands and heads Great app. Lots if nice features and doesn't crash.
Great Maybe try to make models more accurate
Brilliant Any artist knows that hands are one of the hardest and most common things there are to draw. This app is a lifesaver.
Awesome Just try it. I felt in love with this reference applt3
Awesome Works perfectly on Samsung galaxy S5 Tab 10.5.
Excellent Great tool to have.
Amazing
Handy Fantastic App for artists
Useful Very useful for sketching
Love it great app
Awesome app keep it up As an artist many times I'd  have to try to position my own hand to draw a hand on a character, but this app has saved me some sore wrists lol. Thank you for creating this app keep up the good work and love the new lighting effect can't wait to see what's next 
Excellent app ...easy to navigate and genuinely useful Superb app for every artist who has trouble with hands which is pretty much everyone. Really good for practising with weird angles and foreshortening.  Developers please do an app for the whole body and maybe animals too  there's nothing any good like that available  I would buy those in a shot
Worth the 3 very useful for practicing I'd like to see feet added at some point maybe.
Awesome A must have for artists, along with LE'corche and Mara Facial Expressions.
Awesome Great app love the features and love how u can change the angles of the hands and heads
Well worth it It's nice having a simple to use quick reference to hands and heads right on my phone. Although I would pay extra for more content like facial expressions.
splashpage I love it it helps me a lot with my sketchings
