What the hell Keeps saying no Internet when the game updated....I definitely have internet. I'm addicted to this game, please fix it                                                         .          Ok.....I uninstalled the game then reinstalled it. It took me back to the beginning but when I connected again via Facebook it remembered me and took me back to the level I was on before the problems occured. I'm a happy minion again 
Minions on Fleek I love this game. It's very  much like  Temple Run though, I still like this game better.
Would love it more If the time attack would be more realistic like when we play it when my time gets over it is only then that my opponents time gets over. No its not like they are using defenses and attacks which fetches less time so it should be like when there time gets over drop them off without making the game all over, instead drop them with the game and give the winner and the holder some more bonus points or time and add one new player immediately to the competetion or keep it as it is.
Is hard to get coins. Maybe you should make it so you can trade bananas for coins.  Coins are so hard to get.
One of the best Everything works, it's playable without spending any money, and the minions animations and sounds are just hilarious. Does get quite challenging after a while though without powerups.
Hey I love this game I've done several reviews and here's 1 more. When I knock another minion to add to my despicable muti. He shouldn't land across my screen so I can't see and run into stuff.
My mom and I will 579, and I ave to the next day.  . Remember these days ago, I enjoyed it. . I believe context is always the case, the only way to be objective. . . You don't love to see the full version of the most popular and its a great 1. The best thing about the same time, and disability research scientist to hel. . . You know what is going
this is the first game I've downloaded n played in my phone have reached 105 level now n will never stop playing it...just love it
You Want The Truth.. It's addictive. My daughter  I both enjoy it You don't need the best internet connection to play, either. I used to play the old version, so the new features to me are awesome. The only complaint that I have is that it does take A LOT of memory though, especially with the new update.. But that's moreso my problem, not theirs 
Great game Great game it got stuck sometimes but all my family love it is addictive but is fun to have my husband and daughter playing in....
Dispicable me Minion game i love it fully addictive play almost everyday only bad thing is u need to b signed into facebook to receive ur daily reward which is stupid but oh well game is still great
Love it Great time waister while having a busy day at work. Minions are so adorable 
MINIONS MY LOVE My alltime love , Great game 
