Cool game Make a new updates where you can go outside and use wood to make any kind of things that you want please
I love it so much...... but 1 thing I absolutely love the but how come every time I leave a minigame there is an ad. There is an ad almost every time I leave a minigame. Other then that, I LOVE IT SO MUCH
I like it I downloaded this game because bratayle a awesome you tube channel has this game but now I love it. PS SUBSCRIBE TO BRATAYLE BECAUSE SOMEBODY FROM THE CHANNEL JUST DIED
Its awesome I really like this game because you get to rake care of something that is lime a child. Even though every thing is so expensive it's worth it because I traded my pou game over this
Cute and Fun This game is great for kids I'm not a kid but I'm a young adult of 19 years old, and I find this game adorable and fun. Lots of minigames to play while you're bored at a Doctor's appointment or anything that has to do with waiting. A great plus is that the songs change every single time you play a minigame I also like that it simulates taking care of a pet. I refer game to kids and adults of all ages. Cute, fun, and a good game to turn to when boredom ensues Happy Gaming Everyone
So cool I love it  so cute and  cool but  it was a great  game of  fun
AWESOME I loved it. Boo looked so cute and it has do many mini games and just so nice. I earned a bronze trophy in 30 seconds Plus I can never stop playing this. You can change your boo from plain blue to an real life adventurer
It is neat. It's like having a baby. Just not in real life. It helps to just relax and play
Love it Its so fun to play and u could do anything with it. The only thing I don't like is that heshe sleeps to long. But it's great
Fun game. Love it. Very addicting and fun. Love all the new mini games too 
Love,love, love Amazing, awesome ,I love it 
Good app I love this game but it would be nice to have more colors and create your own decorations but great app
Fun This game is not only fun its cute. I love shopping for my boo's
MYBOO I wish they could make a BDRM for each one.Then I could check on each one while they were sleeping. I enjoy the game but DO NOT want the Album How do I get rid of the residueAlso lost audio How to get it back
Plz take away the ads. Those ads tho Wow This game keeps me entertained when I have absolutely no wifi
Boo Rocks As a 24 year old with two children 4 and 2, we all love this game The ads suck but they really don't bother us
Loved it Best game EVER Except things r a bit too pricey. Otherwise, it super fun cuz the boo is super cute Plus, you can buy outfits and food, and there r a TON of mini gamesAgain, LOVED IT M
SO CUTE Boo is the best game I have ever played like EVER I love the way you could dress it and its adorable eyes and ahhhhhhh I just can't explain
Awsome Do I got this game pou it was like this but way to much storage space I deleted it and found this its way better and less storage space so awesome
I love this game but please make a mode for so boo knows youre not around or asleep
The fun It's an awesome game it is super cool .If you liked it also put a 1010.who agrees with melove love love .everything is just so cute.  I play this game every second I use my phone.so sorry if I am taking to much of your time.i am done maxielis martinez
I LOVE IT I used to have it on my phone before I cracked it. It was amazing Even though there are ads it is still fun
Great game But the prices  on clothes are a little high,either lower the prices or get more coins  on minigames. Other than that I love it.
Make a Similar Game I said it make another game where there is a circular Dude And make it so u can dress himher
Wardah I love this like 12 games in one game I love it like a little baby on your your phone so osm best app on apple store 
Wow I loved the game it's like your child our your cat or kitten puppy,dog
Rawr This game is really fun I like having a little play pet as my own
Great Game Tapps I love the game ever but just letting you know TAPPS does not stand for top apps and games. Not trying to be rude just saying. P.S I'm  not a know it all 
y Boo Best game in my hole life,my most favourite game ever,but one thing I don't like in this game is dresses ,hair and more things are too much expensive
Love it I love this game you can dress it up how you want it change the color add hair and play games and they have the best costumes and sets like Elsa and the simsons its a really good time waster and you get presents 
My Boo Experience My Boo is a fun game. I like the game because there are more games that you can play
