Not from tulhis Planet,luz o f,Rasso is not a bad man, he's yes doing it for his on Reason,not to dsmige people, cu hihihihirrr. 500vcOGrrrkxy,
Has its moments Win big on occasion but then long streaks of nothing in between, still a fun game
Fun Good game so far only downloaded it about ten minutes ago so can't say to much yet but passes time nicely update is that I'm still enjoying this game I do win some big wins and I'm still playing for free you can make purchases  if you want to but you don't have to its your choice give it a go
I use to love this now it doesn't pay due to the fact they want you to spend more and more money thinking of deleting it completely Love it have played for years             I am enjoying this once again love all the changes and reward system   you just keep getting better
Light ups We got action  Magically manic mania .if you like slots this is your app my girlfriend especially likes it when I am so focused on my phone all the time buying fake coins and high rolling like a boss....lol.
Best game,when I had technical issues support was excellent and very quickly resolved it  excellent This is the best slot games I have tried. Fun way to pass the time.
Addicting Love it And I'm not paid for this review Some days win more than others, so what It's still fun  addicting Love the newest games Still loving it Still 5 stars Love the new games Addicting
Slots A Very Fine Game If you have a complaint email the owners in private. Give them a chance to make it right before you knock them down in public. This is where you rate the game not berate it. It is quite a challenge to create such a Wonderful site. It is fun to play here. If you don't buy coins and support the site it will go away. This is a classy site  Please don't whine here. If you delete the slot you will have to start over. You would be one out of a million and won't be missed Grow up
Love the game. Follow on FB, twitter and google for free coins I love this game. Easily addictive. So..... If you or someone you know is addicted to Slotomania and forgets its a game, please seek medical attention.          Just like you would play at a casino, except you dont have to spend your money which I find awesome. Complaining that you arent winning or that you never land on the white wedge should earn you a one way trip to the looney bin...
Fantastic I have been playing this game for a while and I have enjoyed every minute. Wins are good and always exciting. Great fun. Still lots of fun to play this game.
Better Free spins don't come up as often as before and don't payout as well as they used to. Coin packages still way to high. Good app still better than the others out there for some mind numbing fun.
