Addictive. I started to play Clash Of Clan to stop this
Very nice Cool graphics, nice selection of raising the chaal value...leaderboard is very easy to load  smoothly accessed... One request from my side....when we going through leaderboard  suddenly our turn comes...the leaderboard starts from the beginning... It should start from were we left that...
Sabse best teen patti Teen Patti tournament is the best part khelna hai to sirf octro teen Patti live baki sab bakwaas
I m enjoying this game but chips r not stay in my account and players r not truly play game
very nice time pass befor I'm to much biring no time pass then now wow realy enjoy
problem my 2 crore chips gone were i dont know this time 0 chips only
I LOVE TEEN PATTI I HAVE LOOSE TOO MUCH MONEY I WANT HIGH CARDS
I love this game.. When feeling bore than tey to play this game. Osm game.
Really I enjoy teen patti live comparision with other teen path games
Super  duper  hit  boss   More  then  more than more  chips  daily  for  users
Awesome Best game to kill the time 
Kirqn patel Love it but I dont have money
I loved it games I loved its game because this app is made it very full of construction and made it specially people and I rate 5 star this app
Ghanshyam Bansal Very nice app ever seen.
I love teen patti I wont money 2 corer
Awsome App This app is like real play cards but my cards is very pls my good cards tricks mail to me thanks
Best game ever I have many experience in this game
So funny Very interesting and so ten's.
I love teen patti This versuon of teen patti is the best. Very addictive
Super I enjoyed Player mast play fast
Sanjay Singh It a super cool game
Teen patti is top game But private msg system cancel
Superb game Fun unlimited suprb 5  mazedar fun saras fun lot of.thanks for free chip every day mind fresh gqme
Loved it Ab boring lagta hai
Nice game Card  achchhe nahi aate
I really enjoy it nice game..... But if it is offline then no words to explained of it..
Good app Plz start vip tables
Maninder paul Plz chips bake me
Vijay Best game, I like it
