Very good game I like itttttt S.mahalakshmi
Loved it loved it loved it just fantastic i dont have words also it is that much nice and sweet also
Very nice game
i loved it it is very much fantastic game
PerFect game
Very lovely
Need reply from amonica
Nice  game Very nice
Cute and fun It's a diner dash styled game with cute Doraemon characters. Hasslefree, and so fun
Very good game Its a very very good game easy to understand nice graphics lite weight overall i wanna give 10star if possible. But developer had made a mistake Bells are very rare to get.
It's the best game I have ever seen in my life. This is a very good game. The picture quality is very excellent. Helping others is a good job like repairing others objects. . So,I tells to please download this game.
It's A very very good gme i like this game and you play dream leage soccer or winner soccer
My small sister like doremon.she is also like this game . She is saying ILove you doremon
Hard to leave This game makes my hands full. Great for leisure time
Good Game Good but it will be better if dorayakiyummy bun can be used as alternate to the cat bells
SUPER ADDAICTIVE ITS SO AWESOME I LIKE THE TV SHOW THATS ON DISNEY XD
Just add tutorial for beginners After all this game is good. Thanks .
Suburb game My small sister his age is 7 he love  doremon
I love this game. I play this game almost all the time. I like this type of games. Thanks for making it.
It is a good time game and. My brother told me. Give five. Stars
Loved this game and Very nice game doraemon has made it more nice .  I wish there should be doracakes instead of bells. If u need more bells downloaded certain games and delete is what u can do. am I at the top please tell me
Loved it Thank u for making this game. Can u have the latest version of this game
Let me tell you truth My sister liked this game a lot
Fun game Game crashes once in a while, but other than that it's a pretty good time killer.
Awesome It's very very fun. My small sister loved it a lot. I really liked the game
