Love this game I like it a lot more now that you can win boosters to help complete difficult levels by collecting bubbles It's fun to play
Bubble Witch 2 Saga First time playing Bubble Witch 2 Saga and fell in love with it. Have not stop  and on LEVEL 22  202 am.......
Cool game I don't usually coment on my ratings but this game is awesome
Amazing Fun time killing I can spend hours playing it never had any problems
Bubble witch sage 2 I love it can not stop playing. Super great game. Again, a super game the only one I play. Love it.
Busy Mom I love the short, fun games. I don't have a lot of time for games, but when I have the time to relax and play Bubble Witch 2 is great. It doesn't take forever to complete one level.
Love it Totally addictive game, can't stop playing even kids getting annoyed at me lol
WOW My sister had me play this to level 54 and I'm like,You have to  rate this 5 stars So she pressed rate and the 5 and I was so amazed I told my whole family to play It.
Much improved on the old game. Try not to use the bonus elements until you've tried for several days, and then only if you're about to go mad
Cool It's quite fun n cool. U should get it. U don't wanna miss out
I love this game,I'm hooked on it,some levels don't give enough bubbles but that's ok. I'll still pass any way.
Great for both hand and eye corrodination and problem solving Works good if you feel like hitting something also, can work that out safely with no one getting hurt
I played the first one once but I actually really like this one
Great game Love playing when having a break. Fun game with varied levels 
On the spot game I love this game.  This is my waiting in the dr office game or standing in line game.  Each section can be done in minutes and each are vary challenging.  This game is a keeper.
like it l complete 130 level but now its showing not coneccted with face book i want to play more but how.....l am always conect with facebook .plz can some body helpe....
Bubble Witch 2 Love playing the game. The real challenge is trying to win with out help
