It would be nice if when you leveled up. You got like 20 gold bars instead of just ONE. It takes a lot of time to level up so why not increase the reward. Also it would be cool if you had like Story Mode, Sniper can start out training and build his way up Top Sniper of the Galaxy earning medals, cash and gold for completing missions. Snip his way to the top.
This is a great game....lots of fun...could use a little more game play instead of just going right to the point and killing ur target....maybe fighting a few soldiers to get to ur main kill...but it's a lot of fun...can't put it down sometimes....lol
One Shot Try for head shots while under fire. Good graphics, sway of rifle realistic, great support
Fun game I playboy every day.  It has some issues with the Google play services, but what game doesn't.
Great game Been playing this game for months.  It is awesome  It takes time to build your arsenal and progress through the regions, but you can do it without in game purchases.  It starts out easy but the higher levels are like puzzles.  Not just a shoot 'em up game.  Lately it keeps crashing on my Droid Turbo and I lose the points for the round.  Frustrating
TOTAL RIP OFF DONT INSTALL Been playing for 2 weeks, and I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS APP, CUZ THE OFFER WALL IS CRAP. I COMPLETED AN OFFER, NEVER RECEIVED THE REWARD, AND CUSTOMER SERVICE REFUSES TO PAY UP N KEEPS PASSING THE BUCK. WEAK...TOTALLY WEAK. DO NOT INSTALL
Fast and hard just like I want it A game where you don't have to buy to be able to play but it helps lol loved this game the challenges are different and fun
Killshot This is a very nice game i play this alot and its a good timekiller, its a bit fastpaced and overall a very high quality game if you love sniping baddies and gettin' paid then THIS is the game for you. P.s keep up the good work hothead games
Great game It is a very good game I liked it because it didn't give me any problems except when I just started my phone because it was lagging but other then that it was very good it has pretty good graphics also
Need minor improvement in reward Its always remain my favourite games. Add gold reward with every mission or at the completion of the stage. Upradation to powerful weapons and saw guns are too expensive. Graphics, sounds and controls are excellents. Five stars game by hotheads team. Good work..
