Ahaan nice. Well for ppl like me who likes to meet n b frnz with new ppl, knowing about them, this is good app
Amazing App.. Quite effective local search and the best thing is it connects to Facebook profile so that fewer chances of fake profiles. . Use it. 
Very good app This app is good. Everyone should try it once. All profits are trust worthy and genuine. However chatting feature need to improved as I get duplicate messages and other person too, which is very irritating.
Matchify Colour my life New updation really wonderful. You guys developed again awesome updation. I love the design and yes no hang problem as always.Another thing is just matchify your partner, matchify understanding, matchify faith
Great Love Making App Amazing App to match perfect partner based on preference . With this app love start with better understanding. concentrated mainly on privacy of personal information UI is just wow and simple. With this app  Matches are made Smart from the smartphones . No high usage of Data. Kudos to the entire matchify team and keep working to make  matcify Experience more better 
Made For Perfect Match Hi guys.. Im using this app from last 7days...and i can say only one word for this app its just awesome . If you have this app than you dont need to go anywhere to find your partner... you can get perfect match from this app.  this app is deserve 5 stars .Im spreading this app from last 7 days.. overall its very usefull app . Thanks.Go for it Guys
Match at matchify spreading love in world A place where you find your match . So if you have matchify then dont take tension about finding your real match . So never fear and find your match at matchify.a place for spreading love in all around the world and give a person awesome feeling so download the app live awesome and comfortable life without fear   Means                                           matchify install kardala to life being awesome        subham12oct
Excellent It's a grt app. I really loved it. About app, I can insure u guys it's100 genuine. my only request to the user is, plz put ur own decent pics, U can upload ur pics from fb to make this app more successful. It's user interface is pretty cool and it's very easy to use. In this app the best part is u don't need to do a lot and also it's free so guys give it a try nd m sure u gonna luv it. Grt job team matchify. Nd for uteam matchify I just wanna say keep updating it as u r doing.
Wonderful app Its really amazing app...its very user friendly...the profile are trustworthy and its easy to use this app...app doesn't hang...soo wnjoy guys and girls and happy dating....thank you matchify for creating ach a wonderful app..hope i get my match soon.
Excellent The new update is just awesome and UI is very friendly... So hats off matchify team...now about app...it seems to be improving day by day and very much satisfied with it and by the way its free guys so give it a try only once..u will love it...please upload photo that is ur Facebook profile don't upload vulgar photo....so take care matchify team and proud to be a user...hope this helps other... And me too hoping for the best..bye take care
Best matching app ever Awesome app user friendly. Easy to access and find the perfect match for you. Am loving it simply awesome...
Best app for wannabe love birds Beautiful interface with perfect matches u desire or looking for best amongst all app in same category.
great apps. Plz use my code to login promo code 3X8SZZ7 to continued pay for next day 6 AM when download this apk login plz use my refferal code 3X8SZZ7 and get 10 rupp. cradit on your paytm wallet
Happiness all around Haven't tried this kind of apps before. But Matchify has a unique style of finding the best match. And login through Facebook makes it a whole lot easier. Good work guys  Hope to see some more cool updates...
Loved this app App is awesome team...randomly find it n also saw about it on twitter..really amazing app...team going good 
I hav like more then 200 likes within few daes but not a singel like till yet its so ambarsing
Nice app and use  my refer code to get 50rs. PayTM cash  1S3RUE1 If you are a  new user of this app then use my refer code when  you sign up  we both will get 50rs in paytm wallet . my refer code   1S3RUE1
