Love it best game ever Because if you don't Like Barbie's then it is fine to play Also you can be so creative.          
 I love this game it is so cool amazing  I just love it please download this game
Loved it Its the coolest thing ever and I think I'm pretty good I bet u are to but I'm the best sorryand I like green so bye bye peace
Cool I love this game. Fashionable is this game. Barbie is a creative doll. I'll play this game for 3 hours straight. Loving these designs
This is a cool app I lve this app it is so much fun but you should be able to save as many fashions as you want but is awesome
Love it I love barbie so i love this app I will always have it you know excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent
Love it I love this game because unlike most dress up games you can really make the design unique. This game could be played by a 5 year old up to late tens LOVE IT 
I am 60 years old and I play this game I hate some times and mey casend had a beatiful girl and she play this game she is 10 years old she love this and I hate this game and we play together one game and that  game is colled my little pony I hate this game
Please fix I love playing this game. But I have run into some difficulty in making a dress with sequins and ruffles. I have tried just about every combination I could think of but I am not able get my award. Instead it keeps telling me to try other combinations for more points. I have made combinations up to the point to where the dress was full and still got nothing. Please fix it to where the dress does not become full and where every possible combination of ruffles and sequins gets an award.
Ameysing This Barbie game is Ameysing,you can make your own designs and lot of things.
awesome and just so you know your not so post to move the belts unless its in the accessories . and surprisingly a kid found that out
Want new designs I love it . Seriously this is a perfect app for designing  But can you add more designs soon in next update  I love this sooooo much 
I love this app I am like the best designer in my family so I can like do so many things even though you can't take the necklace of or change it you can still have fun
I love it Emily Moore DONT TELL PEOPLE TO NOT INSTALL THIS GAME IT IS THE RUDEST THING EVER AND U KNOW WUT SUCKS NOPE NOT THE GAME U I BET U LOVE THIS GAME U JUST WANNA BE RUDE WELL U DONT HAVE TO TRY U SUCK
It's so much fun to play with frends
Awsome It is a really good game u can make your own cool design s and everything really good I think u would have fun so u should download it
BEST GAME EVER I thought roblox was my favorite game but this is How can people not like this game
Luv it As a designer I personally luv this app and my boss is fantastic at designing and she even luved it so in yal faces who hate it
Awemazing This app is just so awemazing and fun and I luvv it so much and the outfits are beautiful and the awesome part is that u could print out ur outfit and design it on your own barbie doll 
AWESOME Iam MAD about this game. It is a fantastic game of designing and those who want to be a fashion designer it is the best game for you all. YOU WILL GET INSPIRAD BY THIS GAME.
Love it First of all... YOU CAN CHANGE IT SMALLER. And its so much funoh and the levels. Its so great place get it toll love it and no adverts ever
I'm on my bros tablet This game is awesome I don't like barbie but this changes everything of fashion
News on the best way to do it is... Find out to do ita piece ofwith a cherry on top
Really good Well this is a really good game because when I get angry I can just come on and play with it xxkiss mee
Yep Oh yep but don't be mad at it  if it doesn't work Be happy and just play it OK
