Great game dudes All I have to say is that when you go through the airport tunnel press the flip button a lot and you can glitch on top You can do the same anywhere else except you fly for a short period
Awesome This game is the best ever there r not many words to describe how good this game is but the adds tho they get so annoying. They pop up every second. They need to stop.
AWESOME But Add... This is the best sim ever But please add like bikes and like multiplayer and make the breaking even more realistic and also add more maps and cars and please add motorcycles
Greatest car game of 2015 but It's one of my favorite games but I think I found a very disappointing bug that resets your driving to earn a new car is when you check and accidentally  get into the store and press the back button and accidentally leave and come back and everything is the same except how much more you have to drive
Love love it Amazing work with this one AxesInMotion This is awesome..... Everyone must get it..... and you can add time zones and more different cities to go in through off  road and a pursuit mini game in which cops chase us, AxesInMotion.... that'll be very cool.... but the new update you've done is fantastic..... Thanks for the awesome update
Amazeballs Until I bumped into this game, I was having such a sad life, but I got out of my situation and broke free with this amazeballs game. I hope this review inspires you. Bye, off to play the game
Add stuff Fun,but you have nothing to look forward to. Add like a garage, gas limit, and people that interact with the game, also fix the glitches, and sharp hills. Please make it look real. The update before this was good, but add what's above.Thanx
Cool Very good First I don't like this game but then my friends told me about this game so I started to play this now it is my best game ever seen thanks.
Love it but.. It would be nice if it could go into night mode and if first person mode had rear view mirrors. Also if I could stop getting stuck so much that would be great.
Good game Its so addictive that I can't stop playing but can you add more people in offroad city and in airport and some planes flying and those barriers could open and please add day and night and some seasons
Good You should add a mode called crash test mode it would be cool and a 2006 impala and a 1995 mustang and a 1984 corvette and another thing a airbag in your car and a 2003 corvette
Had the for a year and still have it I was wondering if y'all could add night time
Amazing This game is so fun and so addictive lots of ads though and you have to pay to get rid of them
best game ever this is the best game ever and can you pls pls add sever and other maps ,races, and add that the window of any car can go down and up and add people with funny styles and also make the bugatti a little bit easy to get pls and add a lot of fast car like the entity xf from gta5 and add a police chase mode and add hover cars which are free                              PLS REPLY
GREAT GLITCH I played the first one and discovered the flying GLITCH by myself, commented way back how to do it rapidly tap refresh button to 'fly' and get on top of buildings. XD TRY IT OUT  PS knew about this secret long before you did. .  . chances are you learned it from me... XD
OMGG It is so oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooo amazing like OMGosh yup tho I am a girllllllll girls rule sorry I still love it.  Who ever r hates it who would hate this game, Not me is really missing out yuppies
