I just agree with Danilo Ramos Ya punks should Dwellop the stuff to use multiple builders in a same stuff so it takes short time to get upgraded and u should add the feature of cancelling the upgrades in labo. Becz  ones I wanted to train the golems  level 5 and couldn't becz I was making my lava hound 3
Typically great man all around But you should get shields no matter how much they take from you because they attack take all your resources and then pull out and the next person can do the same thing bull s
Clan Clan making is too hard .. No one joins. U should make it like someone cannot leave unless they send a reason and you have to let him leave. If 5or more people reported, he will take a ban for a day... Also that u can actually make send messages to people that isn't in ur clan or global...
Nothing wrong Every time I play it nothing bad  hackers moders   I win most of the time. Although my friend had the game longer I'm a sliver 3 he is a bronze 1
It takes very much time to build and upgrade things. In the next update please either reduce the time of building and upgrading or make it so that we can upgrade builders to make them do work fast.
Its awsm....just out of d league but updates smtimes hv bugs Its just too awsm. The game is literally addictive on a whole different level. Yeah wall costs n some more things should be lowered but other than DAT... Its awsm...
COC IS THE ONLY GAME I PLAY THE MOST IT CANNOT BE PLAYED BY A PERSON WHO DOESN'T HAS AN IDEA OF STAETERGY AND WILL BE ENJOYED BY PEOPLE LIKE ME
HELP SUPERCELL Supercell i have a favor ,I lost my village and i dont remember my account in google but i remember theseMy Username isKirito,My town hall is level 7 and My xp level is 60 tnx pls retrieve it for me it will be a lots of help tnx ,just to add i left my clan so i don't have a clan, my current name is yo ,level 1oh yeah the game is great
Gem mine We should be able to capture our attackers troops with like ditches nd keep them to mine for gems. Not many trees and bushes give out much gems. Like it shoud be for each worker we get one gem every day.
Update I hope you will add this in next update 1.bring night mode in clash of clans. 2.add private message for players... Thank you very much
Saved Armies I don't think anyone has thought about this so here's my original idea. Like the saved bases we have right now. Like if I save a combination of troops Ex GoWiPe I can save it and click a button to start to train the army comp without having to keep on training and remebering how many troops to use. I hope you take into conaideration of my idea. 
great game but They would have changed the colour of the dragon lv 1 and mainly when one kicks there should be no word used kick it should be remove
Nov 6 2015 did you reconfigured the farming of the gold,elix its not easy like the old times.. and th  matching when you raid its all the same the as you are..
game data hello COC owner. I wanted to ask that if i restore my phone's factory settings, will my account data be erased also does backing up if data have something to do with saved game kindly reply.
Update I want to see an invisibility spell it won't be a big radius but just like 4 tiles. Next, A new dark troop.
I still like but For new update please add Like a gem storvege and gem finder sorry about the spelling but can u add  that it  takes less time to wait for the trups to take less and less time when u upgrade things
Addicted Wohooo im playing 247, i forgot to eat and sleep because of this..... For beginners must have a special gift... Thanks
