A good game but.... This game can prepare you for the real world its good for children to build up their knowledge of logos at a early age. But some kids may see it as boring so change the layout and let us choose the colour
Very gud game Makes u think n learn about different companies and there slogans n sign. Very gud game for time pass also
Dangerously addicted now It is amazing. It will consume you badly Got 466 logos on my first day...
Family game night on the go I'm not one for having a lot of apps on my phone. One day I forgot my daughter's book during my son's karate class. I thought this would be a quick thing for her to play, then I'd delete it. No way  The whole family loves it They rather play this game than the one on their tablets.
Love it It is so catchy you know what some are but then you don't know what they are but some times it is very hard and you do not know what to do .Just to say theyare logos you will love it or it might be bad for you to play.
Very enjoyable game Logo quiz is a simple but very enjoyable game. While being a source of entertainment, it also allows us to observe more and more logos around us and become more informed. One should surely try out this game.. 
Nice history...some errors A set of letters are given  if you don't know the answer, then seeing them may spark your memory . Hints require points, but are helpful. I like the quick read about each company after you answer the question. However, some history or spelling is different from what majority knows. Bvlgari is spelled Bulgari in the game. The logo for Monster Energy drinks says it's a baked corn snack.
Perfect time consuming game  You know the logo but have to twist Your brain to remember the name 
Addict Lover Everytime I played this game LOGO QUIZ I felt an addict playing it...I don't wanna stop until I need to do something important...Feeling relax during leizzure tym....
Amazing Its easy to beguin with but dont delete it its a good game 5 stars 
Great game. First 5 levels are fairly simple and you know majority of them. Other levels alot more challenging with some easy ones chucked in for good measure. Same as the extra levels slogans, minimalist amd expert. But download it, its great for curing boredom or waking your brain up Recommended all the way... B
Fun game Makes me feel like a dumb, sheltered American but still fun.
Great way to pass time This game is perfect for passing the time while you are in a waiting room or using the rest room.  There's no sense of I can't stop right now which makes this game great for short bursts of usage.  It's fun, mindless and works seamlessly.
A great little game. The wife and I both enjoy playing it on our Android tablets. The perfect thing to pull out when you have a few minutes to kill. If you're tired of solitaire try this. No problems so far. Its amazing when you realize how many logos you recognize.
Awesome and I loved it This game is good for recognising and spelling. Awesome and fun
Yes It is nice game good good good good good good good good
Loved    it It  is   amazing  waza  I   do   not    know   what   to  say  but   I   gave  it a   5five  
Great fun Logo Quiz is a brilliant lightweight casual game that you easily get addicted to  and not in the Flappy Bird way. This is a game you can leave and come back to weeks later and still be able to get some fun out of it. There's a vast amount of logos in this app so you can be sure it will keep you going for days I've been at it for weeks. Would definitely recommend
