25000 chips for giving 5 star without even playing Without even rating the app it ask for 5 star to get free 25000 chips to check the app is not fare deal let me check and rerate it later
Great game I can't stop playing games on my nook. I'm hooked on all these games.
Nice game Best best best best best best game for nice games
Amazing Game I love Teen patti indian poker game its very easy to understand. 5 Star game.
Teen Patti Poker I love this game very very much onece you installed this you must like it try it
Perfect 3 Card Game Excellent interface and consumes very little time to buffer. Loved it
Sir  I have a problem. I want my new guest I'd open in game but my old I'd open. many time phone reset n game reinstall. Plz solve this problem.......
Royal Flush Really good game, nice way to meet new people and it's a good time pass.  You should definitely download and play
It's a very good game , feel a really Jvcdbnhdbjfd ggdbvg f24 fhhhr ggdh
Teen patti I like it. Good opportunity to collect real money
Nice game Mai pacchiz hazaar ke liye Kara rate P
Facing big problem during game. Dear Sir last 2 or 3 days everybody face big problem... without chips or low chips player came to the big table and they just seat only then when his chaal time came he just time passed and automatically chall go....that's the big fault ever i seen....please solve this problem.
Owsm game This game is owsm, love to play , like to play free time
I loved this Play an play again  u will win at last
Owsm Game Is seems Like I play a Cards in reality This is also Veey good Time pass app and for mind Fresh Must try it..........
I love this game My favourite .... addicted
Its very interesting n awsome game....thanks to team of teen patti
Paran shah.... It's a great game.... I like it very much... U...
Teen Pattie poker I love playing in the Royal room
Awsooom game Bada mast game he royal table is great
Help pls boss asap I cannot log in.I HV net connection, BT it altime msg connected wt internet.
Ak47 Not bad it's full of fun guys. I enjoyed a lot superb yrr
Must try Once you give it a try you won't want to put it down
Three card It is Very enjoyable game.
I loved this game gys
Great game Its 2 simple game n fab n 1more thing in diz app daily uh get surprise gifts its so amazing... 5star  game
Teenpati indian poker Teenpati Indian poker game enjoyed.
Teen patti I like thus game best
NYC game...loved it Its interstng..
Minebloving. Game I love so much
Very good game Mast game he bhai logo
Full time pass Don't forget to download and play
Nice game It is very simple to play with anybody. You can try it. I just play and enjoy it.
Love it I like to play this whole day
I love this game soch, I like 3patti
Teenpatti will be rated after play. Please installed.
Nice game I luv teen patti
