Love it Wow i love this game its so good i deleted and am now downloading it again i like the one whereyou make the love heart and sometimes there is this blank page but i cant get rid of it but OMG the song is so nice i love it
Five huge stars I love the game i started to like lego friends when my friend took me into it one little problem somtimes it laggs and pictures of the lego friends what you cant even use appear and i cant get rid of it
OMG this app is amazing This app is the best.Im so happy it has no bugs I hate apps with bugs but no bugs for this app
Best game ever I love this game and I love Lego friends like my best friend Layla Saraff does we both love this game
Art Maker WOW I love it. It's so cool. I love the music because it reminds me about my friends and you can great wallpaper designs with the amazing colours and decorations
AWESOME I love this game it is great for making wall paper . I  love lego f friends since I was 8 years old.And I am at the age of 10.i thought I would hate it when I found out that I LOVE it I just got it today 
Love it so fun soops cool So cool the designs are my favorite part and the song sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fun awesome love it who made this game   I love this game so much awesome yaaaa
Download this game awesome you have to love So cool I make a card and I print it and I gave it to  my best best best freind and she love it  and when you play with it at the same time there's a music so coooooooooooooooooooool
Awesome game I love Lego's because they are so fun and another reason why I love Lego's  is because of this game. I love this game. It is extremely fun.
This app is AWSOME I love this app it's so fun and the music is also nice. I LOVE IT
Love it.......But  I loveeeeeeeeeee it its great.....BUT I hve unlocked all the levels but still can't unlock stickers and doll bckground plzzz help   can u make more lego games for android  the one in ipads are in which we can creat our songss plz make it for android pleaseeeeee and it i get the glitter bg so. Can't get stickers on it
I would like more options, though.. When I finished all the arts, I wanted to do them again, so I went to inspirations, but it was blank There were gone I want them back, please
Awesome game THIS GAME IS AN AWESOME BECAUSE YOU GET TO DO AWESOME GAMES AND DESIGNS YOU WILL HAVE HAVE FUN
Lego friends art maker. I love Lego Friends. I like Emma. Because he learns karate. And I,m 9 years old. I learn taekwondo. My name is damia qisthyna. I,m a girl.
Awesome Awesome game keep u the good work the sky is the limit one of the best
Oooo My art is fantastic. My friend loged into it she said it was fantastic so i loged into it and inpad it pased to my sister my sister knows the dance of lego friend song its in youtube me and my sister totley rate it that wad amazing
LEGO Art maker Love you Art maker Let's get some cake and ice cream Hooray for me I finished the Lego friends events Did you know that I am 7 years old and l have a phone By party girl Athena
I love it I love it am 8 my birthday is on may 4 and I love it and I love Lagos
Best game ever I love this game because you unlock stuff after you do something. It is absolutely better than other games way way better.
This is the best girl game I ever Feel like I like you cuz you get to make your own design decisions decisions and and like you can put whatever you want on it you can do what you want its just I like it
Thar are so many levels, but it was really quick  to beat all of them. You get to create awesoome cards
I love it I love the song its the best I love the game its Awesome
Art maker I love this game because you can make nearly everything on it it's so ausome
Mind blowing It's an awesome game I love it and the best thing is that the locked things don't cost real money
Awesome I love the game I love the music were sitting in the living room listening to the song and I'm done everything on the game I LOVE THIS GAME
I love this game I love Lego friends and the  reason I love Legos is because of this game .This game is extremely awesome
Love it Love it Love it Love you game                                                                                   Awesomeness of the game                        
Haven't played it yet but...... I have played on my cousins tablet I really really love this game so well done guys and girls who made this GET THIS APP
Five huge stars for this app why i totally love this app even my sister told me she loved it and she has the exact same game i really love it and I loved the song it's one of my favorite songs and this icon is the best just hear it for ones Best Friends Forever stick togather
Full rated lego friends game This game is really good because whatever letter you do for friendship you get a really cool reward of stickers and fun things.
Spectacular Game This game is so spectacular it like expressing your self
It's veryyyyyyyyyy nice.it's sweet it's extraordinary. I'm lovely  Wow 
