Bwaah So cool whoever came up with this game is epic Get annoying but its fun at the same time   my advice you should definitely buy
It's so fun and I love it I have played it everyday and It's so hard to stop playing it. Thank you for who ever thought of this game and I love the t.v. show and I have my own rabbids with red yes and its a plush toy. But this game is amazing and I just love it so much.
Yasssss I loved the tv show and classic Wii games and finally in its ios 'version thanks
BWAAAH Holy bwaaah this game is incredible i bwaaaah 5 bwah bwah Stars
So much funn good  to do wen in car or on bus or in free time Jjsnxhx
Big bang fun with rabbids Phone game, less 4 tablets
I can finally play it.. i waited 3 years and it is fun. Bwaaah
Please make more please Raving rabbids are quite popular today please make more
Love it so much Omg I love this game so much and my son laughs so hard when I play it
Bwhaa Its epicalso can you make it you can use coins to skip levels
Great Game Lots of levels very challenging and fun at the same time
MOAR I WOULD MAkE this game 1st place fo funnies if I had a game shop
My son was so happy because he loves this game
Before I install this game I looked first to the comments to see if it is good or no , and the comments was good about the game then I install it            it is goooooooooooood game
Bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa It's  great  I'm a big fan of rabbids.
Wow This game is a tiny bit like angry birds exsept its so much better . Wow I love it definitely install this app
BWAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH Awsome game findally i can BWWWWAAAAAHHHHHH where ever,when ever
Fun silly game Enjoy the game a lot
BWAHHH Thanks to whoever thought that rabbids would make a good game cant stop playin 5  to u guys
AWSOME So fun I love it
Great game and addicting my son loves it.
Awesome I always love rabbids you guys should make one for android like the actual ones but this one is cool
Bwaaaaaaahsome Its super fun and has tons of different customization options Great game for Rabbids fans. Oh yeah, if you like Rabbids your BHAAAAAAHSOME
Bwaaaaahmazing So frustrating but so addicting  fun at the same time. I love it
Like I very like this game my son
I bwaaa It I hope the game is bwaatastc
