My son loves this Hours of entertainment for my 19 month old Lol  within just about 8weeks my son learned all the animal sounds  it's so cute to hear him say what each one says  it keeps him busy in the stores while I'm shopping When he sees my phone he says, EIEIOww
Great but one little thing need removed. Great game my daughter loves to sing along. I just wish that one on of the kids in the Mary has a little lamb song wouldn't say poopey doopy completely unnecessary 
Daughter loves it. Plays it every day
Awesome app My toddler really enjoys this app
Very well executed Daughter loves these
AWESOME These apps are wonderful. I downloaded both 1 and 2 because my daughter loves them so much. What a life saver, she usually is so busy I can't hardly keep up. If I need her to sit quiet and still for awhile, while I talk to someone or take care of business this keeps her right there. She's mesmerized. She has so much fun with this app. Well worth the 1.99. Thank you, thank you.
Awesome, awesome app. Thank you so much, my kids loves this and when I need about 20 minutes of uninterrupted time, I give her the tablet and put this game onand I don't feel bad about it She loves singing the songs and thinks the frogs that eat the bugs rock. Great graphics and nice, nonannoying kid songs. Win, win.
We love it This is bone of the best apps for kids no worries bout something bad an appear in the screen a very healthy app
2yr old and 18mo old love  it Always keeps them busy in the waiting room
2 year old uses this app more than any other. She has learned all the songs too. Great app. I recommend this product highly.
Excellent Wonderful app My granddaughter loves it. Thank you so much
Nice app My son loves being able to play around the while listening to the songs. You do need to add more songs, though.
My little one loves this app Great little app.  My kids love it
Love this app My daughter plays this app all the time
Great app Well worth 2 bux for the full version.  My son loves it Thank you
Delightful game with lots of characters to interact with. Love it.
My granddaughter thinks I hung the moon since downloading this for her Total score
My toddler loves this app
My daughter loves this app .... Wish the first was as good
awesome my 2year old daughter loves it. great app
Love it This entertains my 2 year old
GOOD 
Great
Love it Perfect for my two yearold
Great songs My toddler loves these songs
This was an instant hit with my two year old. I love it too.
My daughter LOVES this
