Great games Great way to kill a little time  My only complaint is that the AI will make illegal moves in Basic Rummy but not allow human player the same courtesy.  Otherwise 5 stars all around.
Great card games app I've played this for years,  first on iOS, now on Android and I love it. I originally got it for Spider Solitaire and have branched out into many other games since. If you want pro tactics in Poker,  etc, I'd suggest you buy a specialist app, but otherwise this covers all my card gaming needs.
Best app ever Well worth the money It has so many different card Ganges with great explanations on how to play. It has never crashed and is really easy to use. So much fun I've told all my friends and they love it too.
Best collection of card games on Android CardShark is great when you don't have anyone to play cards with. It has all the classics like Rummy, several forms of Solitaire, and poker. It works better than several apps that are devoted to even one card game each. The only thing I'd really like to see is an easiertonavigate UI.
Great card app No pervasive, annoying ads. Plenty of common games wirh rules. I've learned several games from this app and highly recommend it for anyone who loves cards
AWESOME In those quiet and boring moments, where I had to sit there e.g. doctor's office waiting room with nothing else to do, it has kept me from going insane.                   Also...  In those quiet and boring moments, where I had to sit there e.g. doctor's office waiting room with nothing else to do, it has driven me insane
 Great game to exercise the mind, and kill time. That just happened to rhyme but it's worth it.
Great Have the Same app on ipads . One of the best if not the best Solitaire game collections.
Great Deck of Cards The games play well, have ample instructions, and ample card size, with numerous card faces so you can have a deck that you can see well and understand. This provides many hours of entertainment. The Card games have had a lot added now and what was wonderful is even better. Great support. WOW MORE THAN 5 STARS This is  phenomenal on my new Galaxy Note 3, a nice big Phablet is great for solitaire. Ena
Fantastic app Love this app Every card game I know is here plus many new ones. Works great. Happy with all of the options and occassional new features.
LOVING IT Some games hsve different rules that I'm used to but it gives me an opportunity to learn it in a new format. THANKS never can get bored now.
Awesome Great bunch of games here. Perfect rummy 500 game on here. Lots of fun and a good way to waste some time.
Best app I've played this for awhile now and I still love it.  There are so many games you'll never get bored.  The application runs smooth, graphics and backgrounds are the best.  Lots of variety.  I've killed a lot of time playing these games and have learned a lot of new games.
I've played this game for a couple of years now and it has never let me down on my android. It also worked really well on my ipad when I had it.
What more could you want from a card game app Loads of games, gives guidance on how to play them. I use it a lot and never had any issues with it. Great app
Comprehensive Has more solitaire games with rules than any other I've found. Only app I could find with Royal Parade. You will not be disappointed.
Jerry This is made by a good developer.  There are frequent improvements.  It's all I play. I still haven't touched even half the games. It's been a wonderful place to learn new games too, games that I have then played with real cards.  Got todays update. Even cooler now. Nice new effects.
Fantastically Fun App Great selection of games. Easy to understand and use. You'll get years of enjoyment our of this one. Remarkable value for your money
Entertaing Visually appealing simple to manage and fun to use love it
claire loves it This app is one of the best for card lovers  Clear, correct and a pleasure for those that enjoy cards on a regular basis.  Cardshark,
Great app Has all sorts of card games beside solitaire like poker, go fish, euchre, cribbage, canasta. Don't need another card game app ever.
English  Steve I've  been using  this  game for over  5 years, and  it's the best Thanks guys 
Addictive I love playing card games This app make it so simple just to play. You don't have to earn or buy coins, so you can play as long as you want. The variety of card games is amazing and I have not had any problems play the games at all
Good solitaire game. I've been using this app on iphone for years and the android version is pretty much just as good. The developer does a good job of putting out updates and improvements.  I started off playing the free version and eventually just bought the full version since I felt that I had gotten enough enjoyment out of it to justify the very reasonable price.
Best Solitaire Games Available I have played this forever and it beats any other group of Solitaire games hands down for variety of games, ease of play and ability to choose your custom preferences. I LOVE IT
The Best This has the only Android version of Rummy that let's you pick cards out of the dump pile.
