Awesome game Great game. I absolutely love it. The ability to challenge other wrestlers was a nice touch. But the ability to interfere in matches like the cpu does would put this over the top. Thanks man. Keep up the great work
I told my friends about this game its awesome but.... Mat Dickie,                                        Can you add new moves like Pop Up Uppercut european uppercut,gut check,blue thunder powerbomb,Unprettier killswitch,fameasser,scissors kick,anaconda vise and all types of submission
I love it I've been playing wrestling revolution for years but I wish I was able to pick fights backstage like they can us other than that I love the  graffics and its so real
Best game ever Mat pls add some more moves wasteland wade barrett finisher,ko punch big show finisher,fallaway slam move,kimura lock,hells gate lock,pls add this moves kindly request
Awesome Mdickie what is this I have the updated version  ofwrestling revolution 2015 but it does not have any kind of features . U should include more costumes more moves such as neutralizer ,T bone suplex fall away slam, hell in paradise,shellshock,rampage,rack attack,kimura lock,figure eight lock,disarmer,hell's gate etc...u need to improve a little bit of graphics hai I am telling this because iam addicted to this pls include all of this
Good game I am never giving star to any file or other but i gave to this game because it is goohyd game it has all locks in fight just in real wreslin
Mdickie There is no word greater than best but if it is there it is mdickie , it simply MarvellousM ,dominantD, InnovativeI, creativeC kaiserK ,inspirationalI ErogantE that's what make Mdickie
Really good game, but Can you add moves like billiken from asuka, hangman's neckbreaker, black widow the one from aj lee and all forms of it like the running black widow, easy black widow. Check it in a video, other forms of pinfall like the one where you  raise the right foot of the opponent and put your left foot on the left foot of your opponent. Hope you understand and I know it's a waste of your time. But I really want to see what it looks like in the game. Thanks for understanding.
Love it But u should really put that we walk around inside the stadium like halls and stuff so we can go into the ring
Addicted Very nice creation you need make more graphics loved it
Hey guys my wrestler is kept on losing his weight n he becme very very slim, though his strenght, toughness, agility all are above 90's, is there a way to make him gain some weight make him muscukal chubby....plz help guys....if theres anythng plz......i am a greta fan of this game.....luk i stilll gve 5 ratings plz help me....
Above expected standards I am a person who prefers free games but this game attracted so much i bought the full version. Worth more than the money spent. Hope it keeps getting better
Wrestling 3d Super awesome game but i wish if they added matches like money in the bank and other matches and characters please make a new update
Old like New I've played all the chronicles including the original wrestling revolution and booking revolution but the 3D version is just off the charts
Its not fair After creating weekend warriors you has forget about wrestling revolution 3d we are still playing this game please add new moves andchange the entrance style and also audience look and also add some crackers during entrance. So please dont forgot about wrestling revolution 3d
hanging during playing feeling very annoyed as during playing the game speed suddenly slows up and again get fast and normal speed.I doest happen in my old Samsung grand but my new mobile having octacore is having this problem.what can I do.plz guide
