It is very usefull  app to those whom wondering in Rajamahendrvaram streets in desperation What to see in short perioud Thanks for using your valuable time for the  puskars devoties. Really you are good guide for Navya Andhrapradesh Tourism.
Informative App I have observed this app very closely. You've put lot efforts to fix the concerns raised by the users asap and you were successful in doing so. I loved the interface and design. It's very user friendly. Long way to go Brother 
Great effort. Would like to have more and more apps from the app developers that boost tourism in AP.
Darmo rakshati rakshitaha intha chinna vayasulo ituvanti alochana ravadam daiva sankalpam all the best   jai hindustan
Right app for the Right and Religious Situation.                                              Helpful for all.                                   Keep it up.
I loved it It is good that saying all information from starting to ending that to without any net
Very useful This is the best app I've ever seen this is very much useful for the people who are coming to visit pushkarams and new to rajahmundry
Super app. It is very useful to everyone. Thank u sooo much for dis wonderful app Mr.G.K.C
Excellent Very nice i can easily find the places in godavari thanku very much to app creaters
Srilekha Very useful app. Congrats to the app developer krishnachaithanya
Very informative... Very helpful.. Very nice...
Very good App Very good informative app. Smooth transitions and very much useful during the Pushkaram duration and later also for the info this app provides.
Bava nv super ra.....  by ur ravi
Good work done Working perfectly. Very informative
Nice information you shared boss As a godavariens we all are lucky and so lovely people, we respect all and everyone, we will give values and importance to morals.
Srinivas Very gud app frnd.konthamuru sri raja rajeswari ammavari temple gurinchi kuda add cheyandi.very very gud temple
Maha Godavari Pushkaralu Great app Hearty Congrats Great information thank you.
Great wrk This is very useful to all visiting to puskaralu.  thank u fr the team.
Pushkaram Importance Great work, Elite about your work. It's very useful who's don't know the information about Pushkaram. Anyway Great job Buddy.
Good app I like it.....
Its awesome app Thanks to us
Very useful app
Very good app
Well and good
Wonderful app
Good Good
