Good game awful players This is an excellent pokerroulette game, the odds are set up right,  there are a few minor problems.  Just be a fan of roulette,  everyone just goes all in with 4 8 unsuited and worse hands,  basically go all in and hope for your numbers roulette.
good place to refresh the skillz....
Fantastic game
Fun in the sun Fun
Best poker game only one problem  too many people playing ridiculous  amount of money and bluffing  and not doing the right thing cos most money is giving  to us free ,they wouldn't  do it if they had to pay for all their credits
Love it Ive been playing this app for years now and i have never ONCE had a problem never glitches or has weird hands or beat by a smaller or lesser hand. Seriously good deals on chips if you buy em you get like 4 times more than you buy from all the bonuses and stuff. DROIDHEN ROCKS i would recommend this app to any poker player from a newby to the pros there is a good mix of players no strange nude cover photos good clean fun. LOVE IT 
Why can't I collect my rewards. It's saying there is something wrong with my network connection....be more specific Checked my connection  it's fine. Never had problem like this before. Please response through email. Thanks.
Great App Awesome app. U gotta play smart to get ur bankroll up then you get to play against the better players and from there on out it gets really fun. Overall fun app and a good place to freshen your skills and play style
Great game Best poker game I have found on the app menus.   Several different options allow you to play like a big wheel or learn to improve your poker skills.   Highly recommended... 062015. still love it but too many idiots betting all in all the time Please add rooms with bet limits  112015. Game won't run anymore.  Won't even load.  What happened
I give 5 stars but I think it should be you have a face pic instead of any pic or avatar to play. It's like they have something to hide
DH TEXAS POKER Awesome card game for family friends to meet and have fun playing cards
If it has a lot of table in select casino it will be more fun..hope you can add more table..
Absolutely a poker gamer   One of the best poker apps there is... just having problems  logging in today, keeps sayin network under maintenance, try again later....please fix this soon, thank you
Best one to play as a guest, wosp is seems rigged. Dh is legit
