Fun  This game is fun to play It has fun  challenging levels  it starts out easy, but after a while they become more challenging, sometimes so challenging that it may take almost a few days to pass, but either way it's still fun to play. 
Very happy now it's back working I start playing the game got up to level 262 on my not pad and then it started crashing  and freezing  had to Uninstall it and am unable to download it again not happy will not give it a ratting until I can download it and play it with my device please fix this problem.
Digger This character is sooo cute and I love the fire flies  super fun for ALL ages I am 40something and play it w my 9year old grandson.  Still loving this game. 10in my book   ... Still loving this game  level 340 ... You would be CRAZY not to install it  REALLY   STILL PLAYING, level 389    LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THIS GAME
SO ADDICTIVE This is such a great game once you start playing it's hard to put down I find myself playing on my breaks at work.
Cute game Great little game with good graphics, varying degrees of difficulty and smooth game play. King always delivers entertaining and fun games
Cool game I like it,pls keep the good work ,also my name in this game is link the carrot,just if you find a player with that name D
I give this game a five  its more fun than any other game I've ever  played.
Recent trouble Recently I had difficulties while playing the game. I email the company and they responded in kind so Thank you Always five stars
I purchases some good bats yesterday and they are not my game. I would like to have them back I paid 2.99 . plz put them my game. Awesome game dont make it sooo hard to reach other levels and more power and boosters and all games should be free no matter how many times u lose the games should be ongoing and unlimited please make this unlimited bonus
Love this game. Just wished I wouldn't lose my extras when I complete a level without using them.
Addicting This game is so fun. I am glad I have limited lives at a time or else I wouldn't stop playing.
Awesome Great game. I keep coming back to it. Can be played for free. some levels will get frustrating but they can be beat.
Love it....I just can't seem to get friends to send me extra lives 
Love the hame Even after a factory reset on my phone, the levels saved
So addictive I love this game, maybe because I love diamonds.  It is addictive and challenging. I love all the new levels and games inside of games.
