Grandson's new favorite My grandson is 19MO old and loves playing this but I wish that it was not so easy for him to get into other sites and when the songs are playing I with the animals wouldn't be at the bottom instead it should be something that pertains to the song but it does hold his attention so all in all its a good one for him.
The ads make it so I still have to stand right next to my child because of accidental navigation to other sites.
Life saver Had this app for a few months I'm pregnant and my 19 month old has a habit of kicking me when I change her bum, as soon as I lay her down I load up the app and don't get kicked once all I can say is THANK YOU
My 2 12 year old autistic son loves this app He played it for 45 minutes without my help. It was great because we couldn't get him to go to sleep and he played and played until he finally fell asleep.
Love it I have tgis app on 3 phones and It is pretty simple for the kids to play. I have 3 grand babies and my 2 and 3 year olds grand babies do fine with it and love it. My 1 yr old grand baby has a hard time because she can not figure out that her fingers are touching the screen making it so she can not push the butten. So I do it for her and  she loves the songs. I do not like the adds
Granddaughter LOVES it She loves it and with no ads, she isn't hitting ads that send her to other places on acccident. Definitely worth the 1.99
My 7mnth old  daughter lives this ohn n it keeps her quite. Even tho she tries to eat my Phn lol
Excellent app My 13 month old son loves this Every time he gets a little fussy and needs a distraction this does the trick. Mom's everywhere with young babies who like music and phones should download this app right now. Also, it's worth it to pay the 1.99 for no ads. With the ads if you're baby taps the ad even if it's locked it will go to browser. Without ads there's no worrying about baby dialing, texting, or anything. Absolutely love it Life saver
I have to hide the phone My 13 month old loves this app so much that I have to hide the phone from her. It's great for long car rides though. She used to scream and cry I believe out of loneliness in the back seat. Now between this app and snacks I can go pretty much anywhere when daddy's at work. Awesome
My son loves this is were at a restaurant etc waiting and he's being impatient we get out baby phone and boom instant calm baby. This is the only app we could find for a baby his age less than2 that he likes but I do wish the lock all buttons worked a little better if he plays with it for 15 minutes we usually have to restart game5 xs or so but still great app
Incredibly annoying. But the baby loves it, so I guess it's decent. Ad placement is dumb, baby keeps poking it and opening the Play store for crappy apps. Add a lock option for the app, please. Add inapp purchases if you guys are hurting for money. Ads in a baby app are a weird concept.
Baby phone game I love this app because my grandson loves playing on my pH for hour's laughing, giggling, playing, terrific time he has Most of all it keeps him busy and quiet So yes, you deserve 5 star's Amen
Life saver on car trips My 1 year old loves it, only thing that will hold his attention longer than a minute. Only issue is he always ends up exiting out of it due to setup.
My Nephew is Obsessed The Baby Phone is perfect My 18month old nephew loves the music, sounds, and vibrations. The only down side are the ads at the very top, although he hasn't yet touched any. But the app is free, so it's fantastic overall
Baby phone I love this app. I have this because my sister. She starts dancing. When she is crying I turn this game on and give her the phone she has a pretty smile on her face and laughing. Love my sister very much Sister LOVE
Adorable Very cute. My baby loves it when I need to distract her for a short while.
Love it, my daughter is.  R avgttr gjj ft x hi o ylo ft t uh h th I 7 up uuh78
Instant toy My 1 year old loves this app so much that my tablet has became her favorite toy. Now I need a life proof case...
