Only donation I ever did Always been a fan of developers that give everything for free, with no catch.  Would've donated 20 if I could've.  Though it's a bit weird that some features of the app still won't activate, saying it's for donated users only  Well those functions aren't crucial anyway...
Yes, this is really the best comic viewer. This may not be the most elegant looking comic reader on the market at the moment, but not only is the most configurable out of the bunch, it just simply renders the images the fastest out of anything else I have tried. There's just no slowdown at all, where there are plenty that do for whatever reason.
Support the best mangacomic reader app ever. Effing the best, or Perfectly the best, mangacomic Viewer available. My job is done here, another quality review left behind by me. Ah, now I can finally hang up my guns and get around to finally learn how to play the oboe. I like Perfect Viewer so much I paid for both, the 3 and 5, donation apps. Please continue on with your improvements to PV, thank you.
Excellent manga viewer Best Manga viewer on android by far. The recently added support of viewing LAN folders on the bookshelf has made this much better for those who rely on LAN support due to little space. Keep up the great work
Excellent comic reader. I love reading cbr files from humble bundle and this is easily the best application going for that. Utterly customisable, detail options if you want them and I had to look to see if I could give them money instead of getting beaten over the head with adverts.
Worth the price. Developer has put a lot of work into this app and it shows. Need to support these kinds of devs even if you don't use it that often or any of the donation features.
Great comic reader Best comic reader I have used. I find proper comics hard to read due to the text size but using this has helped me carry on reading. Great app
Aptly named Fast, precise, well thought out. Extensively customizable. A must have for the mobile comic reader.
It's only fair to donate I have loved this app ever since I found it and have no problem giving money to such a great dev.  Always fast with updates and quick to answer queries.  Long may you continue to update this great app.
A great app Well worth the donation for such a great app that's offered for free, and regular updates are great.
It's the best I use this app more than any other on my phone and tablet combined.  I thought I would be gaming a lot once I bought a smart phone  nope.  Thanks to this app, all I ever do is read manga.
Simple interface ... with lots of options hidden beneath it. Provides a great CBZ experience on 7 to 10inch tablets but can't say that i'd want to read CBZs on a phone.
Best comic viewer  especially on tablets Worth the donation money.
Look no further this is the one Doesnt disturb your carefully crafted file structure and subfolders resulting in chaos like many other comic apps.  Crazy degree of customization.  Just plain works
Thank you. Use this app everyday and it does exactly what I need without fuss or fluff...well deserved 2nd donation.
The Perfect Viewer Literally It does all that I need and more, from magna to comics, to PDF files it deserves nothing but praise. Thank you
Totally worth it Im loving the autocolor feature It spices up the reading experience, hope there's a customization to this feature in the near future. And for others there's really no difference between donation 1 and 2, maybe just to express your love for the app
The very 1st free app that i donate This app is so good that i consider it a sin not to donate. Good job fellas, keep up the good work.
Finally I can finally pay for this apps. Thanks for the effort and keep rocking.
Best comic reader Yes, you found the best comic reader. Simple powerful and perfect.
light weight, yet robust app. works well for PDF, CBZ or basically any format you would want to read comics in.
The best apps Thanks guys.
Simple, Quick, Reliable
Best Image viewer It's not the most simple image viewer in the app store but is the best in the market in terms of functionality and navigability.
Worth thanking the dev This is a great app, so thank the developer and show your appreciation.
Best manga viewer for Android
Truly a Perfect viewer Literally the perfect imagemanga viewer
Best app for reading manga
Chromecast Support Please Chromecast Support Please
Yeah Great software
Worth for donation Perfect
Awesome. Always fix the problems quick, thanks.
love it wish they had this app for pcs love it
Best tablet app, period After installing PV on my new HD tablet Nook HD I immediately came here to throw money at the developer. The configurable 'no interface' interface is what tablets are made for.
Great app Loved the app. Was using the free version and it was way better than other paid readers. Decided to donate 5, a good app developer deserves support
Best Comic Book Reader This is a must for your comic collection. The publisher always updates to make it better and listens to suggestions. Truly the absolute best comic book viewer I love this app I had to donate I use this more than any other app lol
Just plain awesome What a great app Does everything it's supposed to, and does it smoothly.  I went for the 5.00 donation over the three because of the dev's approach no locked features in the free version, if you like it, donate. Thanks for all your work Asus tf300t
