A1 Love this game.... Fun and addictive...fun to play while bored... Very entertaining
Solitaire tripeaks Like the game alot, but wish there was another way to get coins..like special game challenges. I rarely buy coins, so having to pay 5000 coins for a game I often can only play one game per session. Have to say when I contacted you with an issue a couple of times, your response was quick, very friendly messages and prompt results. Thanks
Love this game but just wont load now Tri peaks salitare i haveot onthe special levels now it wont load my game can anyone help me got on to le level 39
Really fun I enjoy it. Its fun and catchy. My first time playing and so far so good.
This game is really entertaining and I haven't experienced any major problems yet However what I do find a bit annoying is how it cost you your coins to play games and I'm sure many people agree. This is because this game is so fun, people want to carry on playing it however they can't if they don't have any coins. Apart from that though this game is excellent
Super addictive ... I have tried multiple solitaire games and this is by far my favourite 
I'm glad there are  games like this that are not only challenging, but easily played.
Tripeaks Solitaire Fun  relaxing game. Easy to complete levels. I enjoy the island music 
Love this game Never thought I would like the way it's played but ove
Nice find. Advert in other game, glad I down loaded game, very good all round.
TriPeaks Solitaire Enjoyable to play but it is extremely expensive to buy things. I love to play but not when I must purchase to continue to play or have a chance to advance.
AWESOME It's just awesome and so yeah. But I know that it is not helpful so deal with it.
Awesome I love this game It's challenging,  fun,  and a great time killer.
ADDICTING I love this game. Just starting playing again and still love it.
Love this game. The graphics are so amazing. Good game please play you will not regret it.  The sound  effects are dynamite.
Love it I'm addicted I love this game I'm so addicted I didn't want to link my FB, but I'm glad I did because when I got a new phone, all my progress was backed up
Great Game It's a good way to kill some time
Very Good Game. At first I couldn't D.L. this app. then my phone crashed so I had to purchase a new one now I can and this is the bestest solitaire game ever. Try it you'll definitely enjoy it Scouts Honor
