Great app, Does force close on me from time to time Great app, my best friend in Grad school. Thank you Thesaurus option. Glitches will force close the app to frequently at times.
Easy and useful Has been easy to use with good interface to make it easy to simple to learn.
Every word is there... I use this app casually, for spelling and definitions. It has never let me down.  It's easy to use and has a wonderful array of short, interesting topics. I would upgrade in a flash, if it were less expensive to do so. Webster would be astonished Or should I say flabbergasted, astounded, blown away, boggled, surprised, stunned or stupefied
Used all the time 2012 orig. review This app never falters and always gives me the accurate information that I'm looking for on the spur of the moment. What more could you ask for UPDATED 111915 review This app is still at the top of my list I also use it as my go  to dictionarythesaurus on my desktop PC through my browser. VERY pleased with this app
Absolutely  Fabulous app This is the most comprehensive, accurate,user friendly dictionary I have ever used And believe me I have tried them all. This is the absolute best of the best My hats off to the amazingly creative developers  Wonderful job I appreciate it.
A very good dictionary. I like this dictionary very much. It is as good as any that you can get. I've been able to find that aren't available in Webster's, or some of the other dictionaries I've tried.
Engr Ayua A'seer Oxford university press released about 22 new words sometime in August  Hangry, bruh, beer o'clock, bants etc. Why can't I find them here. May you kindly update us with them. Thank you
Good to improve your English Every day a new word you learn from dictionary notification. Most of the time I never heard of those words.
Very informative app I use this daily. It helps me learn new words as well as look up words i need the meaning of
Awesome dictionary app... Better than Oxford This app is very useful when it comes to learners... Love the word of the day feature very much.... I have bought Oxford advanced learners dictionary... But I find this more comfortable with the  interface and features... Thanks very much... Love this app... 
Great app Love the word of the day. I'm a word snob so I love learning new words. I also think the dictionary and thesaurus are very helpful. It works well on my android for the most part and I love that definitions have both the US and UK definitions for a word a word as well as the etymology and usuage. Good job on this app
Sandra Soliz This is so cool, but I can never figure out the hot word.      
I LOVE THIS APP VERY WELL But there is a lot to be done, please help us use this app offline. In fact, it has helped me a lot cause I get to know and learn new word everyday
Excellent app. Found everything in the app what I want.  Can we have popup version of app too It needs especially when reading blogs from app where copy is not allowed.
Very helpful I wish it could convert from phonetic spellings. It's hard to find it if ya can't spell it.
My daughter uses this for writing her school paper. It's the best app I've found love all the features it offers Extremely helpful.
This App This app is the best you must take it. It helps you with your kids and maybe you. So buy it ,use it and work on it.
Dictionary App's great  Im not well read. But when I do read,I read welluse this dictionary app quite often. As it's invaluable whenfor examplereading somethingthere's a word in a sentence which I don't understand. I'll use this 5 app.As it also has a Thesaurus attatched to it. It'll show the word used in an example sentence
Best tool in it's class. Everything needed, from definitions, synonyms, knowledge, fast results, non evasive app design structure, and reliable. You can even learn a word a day with notifications.  It's my Goto.
Good Can come to know new words and their meanings which we have not known or heard off
Word Tool I find this tool as worthy as all the other tools have in life. A must have.
Great app The best dictionary app  the word of the day feature is one of my favourite things about it. It's fast and easy to use. Love it.
Great App Very good app No problems. Runs very fast on my 4G. This is by far the best app MPoints offers
Great app I use this app almost every day. Mostly when studying the bible. It is so helpful and easy to use. I think it's great
