Great game Great game very fun and addictive Love playing with my facebook friends. Thanks the updates were nice also thanks
King Games 1 I love all King Games that I've played so far, this one, being one of my favorites
Really a cool game. Throws you some loops  here and there.  Love it  Still playing
Love the extra bonus games, would love more gold coins as prizes
Farm Heroes Saga Thanks
Loved it So funny
Farm heroes saga Great game
Loving it
Love it
So sweet I love to play
Nice Nice
Love this game and I can play with my Facebook friends we send lives and beans back and forth to help each other out this you got right if you could get candy crush do the same we be in business thank you Happy Thanksgiving to all at Kings gaming office
I love this game..entertains every time you plays it... And doesn't keep you in the same level for days or even weeks....like the stuped..candy crush...Love it..
Great game and I thought I liked Candy Crush. This game so much more fun. Hardest part is the unlocking, you have to wait for friends, if you don't want to pay. The unlocking takes way too long.  I send request they send back to unlock but they don't come for a while. Do ya'll hold before sending them
Love it What's not to like about this game Cheerful colorful cropsies and  cute animals. A game that is fun and  pleasing to the eyes and mind. Applauds to the creator of this game
Why does this game keep freezing up on me why Please fix it I had to start all over 3 times now .The first time I was on level 156 now I can't  get past 30
Love it I always play this peaceful yet challenging game before I go to sleep. Seeing all those cheerful little faces is rather cute and lovely Over 400 levels I've completed and it still doesn't get old
King Games Love the side games always nice when frustrated with a level to take a break. I only play king games they are the best. Only thing hate waiting 3 days to play a new level.
Fun to play It's good that every once in a while you came up with mini challenges with unlimited life prize and etc.
Update My friend has also had an update but she seems to have extra levels to earn lives etc. I haven't had these and was unsure if it was due to what level I'm on compared to her or just that it hadn't updated properly. Any advice
I'm madly in love I love this game. Haven't been able to stop playing. It gets better and better....and better. I'm loving it.
