Me gusta este app porque puedo jugar con cualquier persona en el mundo. New challenge Bueno lo que no megusta esque se lleba los puntos cuando estoy esperando ala otra persona que resonda y para amolar mas lo declara ganador. De vez en cuando pasa eso
Screen rotate On many games there is a screen rotate so you can play the game anyway you hold your phone On this game your not able to rotate it i have a crack on my screen so half my phone don't work so i cant hit the pool stick in a match. If you guys can make an update that allows you to rotate the the screen ill be able to play again please give this game a screen rotate
Ever best game of the world. I'm addicted to this game.please add a option so that we can send friend request to our opponents. Thanks
Super game I loved this game very much bcoz u been playing against all countries and friends.I'm so excited.....let's play all to Sharpe u r brain....
Love the game Playing with other players can  be very challenging definitely a game I will keep the one and only thing I don't like is when you are getting ready to win and your opponent quits on you then you have to wait. if they quit we shouldn't have a waiting period before we can move on to the next opponent
Make it better So I play this game on a regular basis, my thought to u guys on this game, 9 outta ten games I play, I give ppl the benifit of the doubt, I bank alota shots hoping ppl might have enoufgh skill to do the same, my thought, make a banking game, it would be awsome, and a nine ball game as well, thanks in advandced
I think this is the perfect app for time pass  also it is interesting game .. Itd superb but just the money problem has cause many people lost their money  then what ..
Addictive 8 ball pool is great for kids and adults. Great competitive environment no negative feedback on my part. If the app is free and excellent rating, why make complaints
8ball pool, I love this game It cc 112015 its 640 pm I just spun the daily wheel and I landed on 11000 coins , however it didn't give me anything at all.I am back at 315 am and im wondering if anyone with the PR dept is going to address the situation of not giving me the 11,0000 coins that I wae not awarded  Thank you kindly Freddie  Lindsey
Never get tired of playing this game.  Love the fact that free coins are available every hour and little mini games are built in daily.  It's kind of like a slot machine that's always 'hitting' so one can keep playing without having to spend money.  Fun
