Really great for all ages Exposure to even this limited edition keeps it simple for those 5 and under to at least focus on what really they should start off with. Those who don't want to pay, check with your school district if they have a school account to share with students. That's how I got my full version  they may ask for a small donation though to help with the costs.
Wow Loads of stuff on here to do that's great and free is the best part well done haven't look at all the areas but what I have seen so far is great
Love it cause it works Great app for kids  Also worth the paid membership.   Activities are engaging  entertaining.
Effective and enjoyable app The toddlers in our family started to learn how to read with Starfall. I even availed of a personal subscription.  Being an educator,  I also appreciate how starfall was able to come up with something so effective and enjoyable form young learners.  Good job
Good I've played this game since I was three years old and I still love it and now I'm allot older
worried this is my first time downloading this app.so far i heard that this app cost money to be a member in it.so i am worried about this app.i hope this is a good app for my 5 year child.
Creative Learning Journey for my sister I am her brother. This is the most important app that I have ever encountered. My sister started at the bottom of the class. After using this site she skyrocketed to the top of her 1st grade class. Even though I am 11, I continue to use this information to help my sister learn and strive. I thank the geniuses who made this, our family supports you
This app is perfect for my child He has adhd and autism so this app helps control his behavior this will help me redirect him when he has his temper so thank u so much for this app best of all he loves to read so he's gonna love this audio books on here
I love this game, it has been sooooooo beneficial to me, and my 4 andahalf year old son.  It gave him a head start on learning, as he started playing starfall games almost 2 years ago, and now, since he's in prek, he already knows everything they're learning now.  It's a great help.  Makes my job easier, and its so much fun. I recommend for anyone who has kids.
Very educational My kid loves it.. from the songs, to the games, to interactive plays and a lot more.. would highly recommend it. How do I become a member though Any link where I could sign up and pay.
My daughter plays at a high school in to love it that's why I'm downloading it for her It was amazing for my daughter he was jumping smiling when I told her I actually told her in my dreams I didn't want to actually know so
The best website for kids They help the kids with sound word
Starfall. The best app for teaching your child to read.
STAR FALL I think that little children should get it and that it's educational
It awesome You need to get for your toddlers it really educational
Perfect MY kids learn a lot with this app.
Great app Easy to use. Educational
Great App for PreK 3rd grade 
Starfall Great app for preschoolers and early elementary
This app is extremely helpful fun and easy to use. My son loves it. It is indeed an educational app of substance.
Good learning  experience My kids apsuluttele love starfall every day when they come home they get on my computer and play it
Starfall You are always my best app to educate my kids . thank you
Very easy and fun We have both ABC Mouse and Starfall. My kids love this app and the interface is identical to the site so it's easy for them to understand and use. Starfall helped immensely with getting my daughter started with reading and math. They love Starfall more than ABC mouse.
I love starfall and I been doing it in school and I was inspired and decided to get since I wasn't learning in school
