Just what the Doctor ordered. Clean, pleasant interface, relatively versatile.  Works perfectly, although it is obviously not a scientific calculator, you'd have to be a dumb dumb, if you thought otherwise. Plus it is nice and easy on the eyes. No garish colours, no stupid gimmicks, elegant.
I use this app for all my calculations from checkbook balancing to adding up my groceries as I shop... for those occasions I'm running a little short  need to watch the . So convenient. Thank you
Basic but very competent calculator Does what it says on the tin  everything I need from a calculator on my phone.
Just what I needed This calculator is great. Two calculators in one just by rotating the screen
Awesome GUI Great easy to use and look at calculator.  Love the tape function. Had this gem of a app for many years and on many different phones,  it rocks.
Just  Like Just like the smaller version, except you can see it much  better
Just what I needed I liked the free app so much, I bought it.
Highly recommend This is one of the first apps I install on a new device.
Lovely Just like a real calculator Beautifully designed and so easy.... A steal at 2 bucks
Great Calculator I really like this calculator and now that I have it I never use the stock calculator. Ena
Better than the real thing. 2 sleek designed skins to choose from, large buttons and more functions become visible depending on screen orientation. Great. Thanks.
Way Better Than My Stock Calculator This has everything I need, and it looks like a real handheld calculator. Super nice
Calculator Plus Best calculator I have ever used
Very useful Simple to use, calculation history helpful and large clear font.
I use it a lot so I bought it Does exactly what i need with no complaints.
Great tool This calculator is way better than stock Android's calc
Nice tool. It does exactly what I want when I want  I even purchased it.
Great little app Been using this for quite a while and think it's great. It just gets better and better with each update
This has to be one of the best looking calculators on the play store.  I originally got the free version but was quick to upgrade to the paid version something I don't often do to support the developer.
Great, very handy. No problems, very handy with all the right features.
Favorite calculator It's great.  Does exactly what I need and saves my previous calculations.  Very convenient.
Just Right Does all I need it to do.
Best calculator I've ever used on a smart phone
Calculator Fantastic does everything I need.
Simple yet filled with everything I need Great App
Calculater Very good wouldn't do without it
Nice Quick, stable, functional without being overdone. The updated vibration is perfect. The best I've found.
Simple, awesome, straight to the point Great calculator, school like classic
YOU CAN COUNT ON THIS CALCULATOR That says it all.
Still the only calculator I use.
Perfectly Simple Professional, No Fluff, as it should be.
Simply. The best This apps a little jem worth its weight in gold tried loads of the same but none could compare to this one so purchased it well worth the pennies thanks
