Really good and easy Too many leave you with bad results on larger monitors or for printing. This gives great results for whatever the purpose
Worth it I got this app thinking it won't be that great, or that I might have just wasted my time but when I started using this app it was amazing.  It has so many features and works great I recommend downloading this app It is worth the money
Quick Compare Looking at other similar apps this one is easily the best. Editing tasks are made simple and you have more control. Plus its faster. All that combined with my phone's pen it's so much fun.
Worth every dollar I had previously downloaded free photo editors. I use them to whiten teeth and hide blemishes. Free ones were ok, but I was never completely satisfied. I was reluctant to purchase, but after doing so, I'm very satisfied. Getting rid of blemishes took me a little to get perfect. I ended up using patch to cover it, tones to blend it in better, and then smooth to make it look natural. Love it
It's not Photoshop, but its very functional This app, overall is great. Like I stated in the title however, it isn't Photoshop. Pretty severely limited in terms of what you can truly edit other than little things here and there. This is a great well designed app and for beginners, it would be perfect. Quickly edit anything from imperfections to the color of an item. I recommend this app
Acne As far as editing acne and trying to cover it with makeup it doesn't always work for pictures . Facetune works great tho
Picture perfect. I am in love with this app, I find my self on it about 10 hours or so every day. It's so easy and a lot of fun Wether it's making you look flawless, or just messing around with a couple of friends faces. Best 4 I've ever spent
Makes me sexy I can enlarge my eyes and other parts easily. Tune up and fix blemishes. Along with blurs and filters. Basically a photoshop on easy mode for face edits
Love it My only gripe is that there's no Open With option for Facetune. Easy, simple, effective and I love it.
LG G3 Easy to use editor. Lite download doesn't have outrageous demands on permissions.
Amazing app, you can make very subtle, very detailed touchups to your pics with before  after previews. Also, the UI is very slick. Well done.
Awesome Thank you Google for remembering I bought this app.I reset my phone and lost everything .when I went to the playstore there it was...purchased.thank you
1010 Best app for turning your friend into something children think that are under there bed at night.
Best beauty app so far It can make my looks younger Worth buying it
