Top of the line. I have been a proud user of this app for almost 5 months and through that time, this app has only gotten better and better. The level of personalization that this app provides easily makes this the best comic book viewing app on the market. Kudos. Also the name is fitting, Perfect.
Best Performing, Best Viewer, Best Experience Hands down the cleanest reading experience with so much customization it's unfathomable that it's free. Just had to donate Thanks for all your hard work, it really shows.
Take my money, it's well deserved For what it is and how it functions, this app is by far the best CBR reader.  I've never had it crash on me once.  At the donation rate, it's a perfect buy.  Navigating around the app is simple, though a bit confusing at first use.  Having options such as fittowidth or height is awesome.  All the hype is true.  I love this app
Donator features are excellent. The donator features rock, but I really donated to support the developer of my most used app.
The best I donated to support the developer even though I don't need the pro features. It's simply brilliant.
Still the best on Android Have tried a few through the years and I still end up using this the most. High time I paid some. Keep it up
the best on android I bought the one donation a couple years ago, now I'm buying the other one because it's worth it.
The best Just the developer's continued updating alone makes it worth the donate....THANK YOU
happy to help u could u make fling makes smoother like before thanx in advance.
Awesome apps Using your app for the past 3 year. Every  time I use it I'm amaze how good is it. I just wanted to say thanks. Keep the good job I enjoy your apps.
Best comic reader I've been using this app for years and just came across a black and white comic and decided to try the auto color it's a great feature brings the comic to life.
I never donate... i had to now... Keep up the good work No idea what the donated features are... but do not really care 
5 years I've been using PV and I was never bothered with a pop up or a hyperlink to buy or donate. The least I can do is buy the donation package. Thank you Dev for the best reader in Android.
Seriously take my  Im using this app daily. Never experienced any crashes yet
Keep up the great work guys And don't abandon us .
Shut up and take my money. Seriously this is the best. I can read manga from LAN folder without problems. Support physical buttons. That's a plus.
Best comic reader for Android Been using this app for over a year an never got any problems,  well worth donating to support  the development. Gets frequent updates, so you know it's getting improvements regularly. Is it possible to add cloud support to the bookshelf It would be nice to read comics placed on Google drive for faster multi device reading, I have this app installed on both my phones and tablet.
The only cbr that I use Still going strong and it supports chromecast 
Worth the donation I've been using this app for almost a year and it has never failed me. Tons of customization and great support.
Great reader Use it everyday to read comics and it is the best comic reader I have found. Happy to donate some change
Supporting great developmer Love the app, the free app is great on its own and deserves to be supported.
Perfect on Nook HD Free version is just so good, I had to donate to say thanks.
Absolutely the best comic app ever. I like Perfect Viewer so much I paid for both, the 3 and 5, donation apps. Please continue on with your improvements to PV, thank you.
This should be a payed app Tnx for making this app for free May this donation may help you make perfect viewer much better
3 I have tried Perfect Viewer for 30 seconds, and I am giving you my money now for the following reason Because you make apps the way I sometimes go to sleep wishing EVERYBODY would make apps D
Its the Best Tried a lot of other comics readers, always come back to this Glad to support the developer Thanks for all the time  work, dev
Thank you Have been using this reader almost exclusively for about a year now. It's the best, most simplistic one.
Gladly donated This app is my goto for work PDF files with the plug in and for comic reading. Faster and more customizable than others I've tried.
THE best. Enough said, take my money.
Minor issues with filter and magnification, but still 5 stars If you toggle any of the filter or colour options while viewing a folder or archive, the surrounding pages still have cached copies with the previous filters.  Also, I'd love to be able to choose the order that the filters are applied in, so that I can level, then auto colour then adjust HSL. Right now auto colour works well for most books, amazing for some, but not great for all.
Worth every penny Easily the most used application on my phone. Best comic viewing app I've used, and I've used most 
Finally I can finally pay for this apps. Thanks for the effort and keep rocking.
Best ComicManga viewer Better than any other comicmanga reader i have ever seen. I love the bookshelf and the tapping to change pages and zoom. Keep up the good work. Thank you.
Amazing Application The unpreceded level of customization make this app the best comic reader you could find on the market. I have tried countless other freepaid apps but if you are looking for a comic book reader to fill your needs, this is it I believe 3 are nothing compared to the time I have spent using this application.
