Great wee app it's nearly as good as the full program so glad I bought it I've never wrote a review for an app before .This one was that good I decided to bite the bullet and write one
Picture Perfect App Love the presets and all the functionality this handy little app has to offer. A must have and we'll worth the money
Pretty Amazing One click facial enhancements or fine tune each component on your own. Facial identification is automatic and adjustments are done with sliders. I have their Portrait Professional addin for Photoshop. I can't believe this program can compare so favorably for  99 cents You have to try it
Awesome I hardly ever rate apps but this is really great. I do photography on the side and for a phone app this does all the big guns do.... Also it doesn't over do it.. You have the control with the sliders.. For. 99 you won't regret buying it
I hope you will upgrade to liquify next
AWESOME I LOVE all the products from this company. I use their portrait professional program all the time. They are top notch and strive to improve all the time. I'm very pleased with this app though. Thanks to all those geniuses creating new software
Great A very good app considering its on a small device. Not far behind the full version 
Amazing The best app ever 
Great This app is amazing
Love it
Love it
Love it The best
Absolutely amazing xx
Love it I love this makes pictures so much better
Love this app It makes me feel so much better about myself in selfie my confidence has gone higher if hesitating to buy don't it's great. Well worth 3.99 thanks Mira
Mira selfish app This app is freaking amazing for a little Google play app it's truly fantastic 
Yes Wow Love this app  brilliant results
Brilliant Makes me look amazing 
Love it Makes everything precise
Best out there Glad I got it for the promo price. Result are like professional editing and take no time at all.
Easy I found this easy to  use.
Best Selfie Editor Best app by a good developer. Thank u Darren for listening and resolving my problem. Hats off
Happy to recommend Great app and very simple to use x
Amazing I can look younger lol without it costing thousands lol
Almost perfect Like I replied in email it needs few more tools like clone tool. Rest is perfect. Great support of devs
Just bought this app Absolutely first class. Had to move my art around different edits. How I missed this I will never know. BRILLIANT well guys for 1 got the lot. Update Hope you guys have more apps in progress this to me for digital makeup and facial art is truly the best on Google  Could you please inform me if you release anymore apps thankyou
Those others selfies editors Got some competition with this new gem. Love the light up eyes tool almost like change colors without looking fake. I just grab while last the 99 cent sale, you should do the same.
Impressive stuff I particularly like the way I can move the lights around and it creates accurate looking highlights and shadows instantly.  The only drawback is that I no longer have any reason to make any effort on my own personal appearance, given that it's so easy to fix in Mira.
