Works well  Xperia Z2 This app works great and provides for all my daily electronic banking requirements.  FNB needs to bring back the lotto feature on the online banking and this app.
Saves time and money This app is an absolute must for all FNB clients. Saves so much time as you can make payments, check balance etc everywhere you go.  Gives me total control of my finances
Best I've seen from SA shores I'm yet to find an app from SA that is as easy to use, functionally rich and capable as this. Keep it up FNB
Works The only bank in SA to make an app that works. FNB I salute u, well done.
Great app This is really a time saving app, works 100 and i love it. Keep up the good work developers. 
Life changer app I'm able to do all my small business  banking needs with this app. Tnx fnb
Leader in digital banking in SA So easy to use...and...convenient...FNB is an innovator in the products they offer and other banks simply follows their example...keep up the great work
Really sensible and convenient The GEO payments is not super obvious though and I didn't know what it was until someone told me about  which is a shame as it's a fantastic feature. Consider renaming it something obvious like location or proximity fnb to fnb payments
Fnb banking Well done , don't need my pc now .
Great app Use it all the time. Don't know how we could have banked before without it. One request, to be able to make sub folders within your account if you're wanting to save for a specific item. Eg mountain bike, and be able to move amounts into that folder. Just an idea   
Improvement Suggestions I have multiple companies linked to my profile. It would be nice to access recipients from each company from the FNB application. It would also be a great help if I could authorise payments loaded on each company from the app.
great app. keep up the good work. pse bring back the facility where you can transfer money direct to your ewallet. used to use and you scrapped it off
Best ever Great app especially the fact that I can now put notice to withdraw electronically and the coupons are fantastic and easy to use
Great app I can do so much more from my phone with FNB banking
Great way to do banking great app overall but needs some material Improvement,  but not enough for today's standards, n fnb is lagging behind others. Speed of the app can be slow at time but other then that great app
Works perfect for me Well done FNB, banking anytime, anywhere
IL love the app I do all my banking.
FNB Banking No more visits to the bank. I love this app
FNB app Keeps me in touch with my finances. Great app
This app is perfect,  it work well on my android.
Great App Does everything you need from a banking perspective
Once again FNB prove that they are the best bank in SA
