Great Paid App I have used this app for a while now. Have had no problems with it. It is now easy to record every call or pick which calls to record. The recordings are of very good quality. I especially like when I call one of those places that say ,This call may be recorded for training or quality control. Now I say to them when they answer, This call is being recorded. I have the paid app. It is well worth the cost.
Flawless I tried the free trial version via some of the review suggestions. I'm using a Samsung Note 2. I've had zero issues thus far. I've decided to purchase  am fully satisfied. Whatever bugs that may have existed seem to have been cleared up. Highly recommended over other apps of this kind...top notch
Great Works Nice, perfect recording of both sides. New interface is more intuitive than the older one
The Best    No Battery Drainage    This app is the best recording app out there. I've paid for and tried them all and this is the only one I trust. It runs 247 in the background and syncs to my Google Drive with no problems. It doesn't use a whole lot of resources and doesn't effect my battery at all. Note 34 and Galaxy S45. h311sdr0id
Best call record app out there Works great and has all the best tools with it to make it a breeze to record a call. I use it to record all my sales calls and after buying 4 other call record apps I stuck with the best one, ACR. Buy it now. Well worth the price
Works really well Great job with the app.                        It would be good if I could include unknownprivate calls to incoming selected contacts. Other than that it's perfect. Please don't spoil it with unnecessary  updates
It does job well on Nexus 5 with 5.1 Manual recording during the call will work when you restart your phone after installing the licence.  Great job 5 stars
Great but unfortunately, my HTC no longer supports call recording with 5.0 This app was great while it works for my phone but the HTC M8 with lollipop does not support call recording and so, this app no longer works. That falls on HTC, not NLL. Based on the time I did use the app, I can say it is well designed, clean, and featurerich. It also appears to be backed by a fairly knowledgeable and responsive developer. Well done NLL.
So far so good Had this for a few weeks now and haven't had any issues on my galaxy s5 with lollipop
Just works Used to use a comparator but increasingly frustrated by it fai ling to record calls.  This app has been 100.  With this Pro addon I can now send audio copies of ALL phone calls to a spare Google Account with free 15 Gig of storage and use a SMS backup programming to store all my text messages in the same account.  This ago just works and didn't show you phone Down at AOL. Well  done  Paul
The only call recorder that works with my Note 3 I seriously downloaded tons of other apps that wouldn't actually record the call, just my end of it.  No matter how much I fiddled with the settings on the other apps, they would never record the person on the other end of the phone conversation. After playing with the settings on this app, it records both sides of the conversation I paid for the license just for that.  Thanks
John L Life saver, don't have to run for a pen  paper. Sometimes I forget to call back. This is a time saver  worth the 
