Indispensable app I have at least 3 dozen passwords and would never be able to keep track of them without this app. I have cloud sync which means I have access on my tablet as well.
Excellent app First used the free version but realised very quickly that using aWallet Cloud Password Manager across two tablets and a mobile would be easier to sync across all devices. Paid for the upgrade. Easy to use once I imported my data up to the Cloud. Only have to remember the Master Password
Best on play After install on new device I keep getting Awallet sync errors when I add or change something as well as a msg saying Awallet sync when OK What's happening is it working or not
Perfect Just what I've been looking for on my Moto X and TabPro. The category editor allows you to modify, delete or add categories as you see fit. You can also add fields to existing categories. Thanks
Great APP This APP is great, just upgraded to cloud for peace of mind as I've got heaps of usernames and passwords, with the cloud I'll never worry about losing any info, it works well on Google Drive.
Couldn't live without it I have so many passwords with work, home, shopping etc. this program let's me keep them all in one place.  Wish they would make an iOS version for my iPad
aWallet Cloud Great app but would like to keep it open longer before reentering password
Great Works well. It's really helpful as it can show which entries share the same password. I.e. for times when somebody's hacked eBay and you've used the same password elsewhere. Just use the search function and put your password in there.
Seems very good, quick response from Support Just installed this after first installing standalone version  upgrading to Pro. Had a question and support got back to me within a few minutes. I've noticed some other apps allow the password to be automatically entered when going to the login screen for whatever service you want to login to, like an Autofill I don't know whether this would be possible but maybe useful.
Great app. I don't know what I'd do without this app. I have to change my passwords every 90 days without using repeating patterns for my job. It can get extremely hard to come up with something new and remember it. The password creator has saved my sanity. That's just for work. I have several personal passwords as well. I could never remember them all without this app.
This app is awesome Its a great app to save your passwords easy and safe way.
love this on GS5  just wish I could access it on pc as well
Love this app. It works perfectly. I have synced across multiple devices, whenever I get a new phone I just retrieve all my data and I'm up and running in no time. I've never had a problem with it.  I could live without it. I have probably 200 passwords etc stored on there and would only know about 10 of those without this app.
It works fine with Dropbox... ... but with Google drive, it crashes every time I enter my password. So, use it with Dropbox  you won't have a problem  UPDATE emailed dev  it turns out that it was because I had used custom icons ' response from devs was super quick  helpful, so now I can go back to using awallet again without having to worry about it crashing 
A Simple n useful app Cloud sync is good which helps updates and sync across devices
Nexus 5 using 5.1.1  Simple, easy to use. Love the gdrive sync. Worth the price.
Perfect for Me Small price to pay for this app, you can use it on multiple devices. Easy to use and setup is simple. I highly recommend it
Awesome App The free version is awesome, I've been using it for years. Until I cracked my screen and was unable to retrieve my password database. So, I had to start over resetting my passwords. But this time I purchased the cloud add on. It works great and now I have a back up stored safely in the cloud
Awesome I'd be completely lost without this app. It generates random passwords and stores them securely well as far as I'm aware anyway on the cloud. Unfortunately I'm going to have to part ways with it as I'm moving to an iphone and there's no IOS version.
Heavenly app.  Life saver.. I guess you got the point.
Works just like it should Couldn't imagine being without it on my phone
Great I use with G Drive and no issues across three different devices. Essential app.
Excellent Great app. I've had to wipe my phone 3 times. Each time passwords saved and intact. Thanks guys
Awesome, def worth the  for premium
Absolutely Necessary App... Create  save some intricate passwords  keep them absolutely safe in this Vault.... Brilliant App  Highly recommended...
Invaluable Everyone needs this app. Easy to set up  use.
Perfect Thx.
Love this App Easy to save and sync with Dropbox.
Love it, simple and easy to use
Used this for quite a long time and it's easy to use and works well
Great Application I had the original aWallet, and was happy with it for years. I used 1Password to synch across 2 macs and several Android phones and tablets. I've been having problems with that, so I am relying more on aWallet Cloud. One request, the ability to synchronise with WiFi. I do not trust clouds.
So awesome The original made my life so much easier, so I support the awesome dev team because of their excellent work in this app.
