It is the best game I have ever seen My daughter of 12 years  like it very much as she thinks that she has designed her own dress .as their are many colors she gets confused but she loves the game
LOVELY game This is the best game I have ever played ......you can design your own dress ....and the challenges make it more interesting ..Love it
Best best best best best best best best best best best best best  The best game i ever seen. 
Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love it
I love it I love it. It's the game I wanted thanks for making this I love it. the game is excellent but the pop up advertisement it makes me frustrated. But still I love love love love love love it
Awesome I love its my sister love is everyone loves its just amazing
Help to  people Hi I'm Rachel and I love this game and I know how to save it.all you have to do is screensave it.if you don't know how you hold your on and turn down button bye     from Rachel xxx
Lizzy woods It is totally hot cuz I have gotten d chance 2 design the clothes of my dreams.
I really loved it bcz first afall due to i love designing type games thatswhy i really loved this game and this game has challenges thatswhy also i loved this game
Superb This game is all rounder. Has many style of dress, many colour, many pattern, many prints, many challenges and many more. But superb thing is all are free.
Fantastic This is game nice one . I reached many levels  challenge all are best when I played this game I thought that I am a desginer it is amazing
Oh my god its a probs in my game if i press on print another design is coming wat to do
I like this game very much . If you like fashion desining then you like this game also and it is work ofline.
It's superb It's superb  It's the best game I've ever seen. This game has no suggestions. I love designing games and i love this too
Wow This game is awesome but it freezes a little bit but I love this game very much my daughter play's this game
My nine year old daughter loved it It just have a problem that whenever she saves a pic      she can not find it anywhere.           FIX.    IT.
This game is fabulous This game is very good for new innovative ideas my daughter just loved this game.
best game this is the best game I have ever played I really like this game one should really  install this game it also teaches us color combination and help us to design many clothes
