I needed this This app has made my phone so much faster. And my phone was super slow .
Very good app I saw the results immediately, even before disabling the slowing down apps on my phone. I was one step away from upgrading my phone due to its poor speed. Now I can stay with my old phone.
Very most Important our mobile It's very nice apps for clean junk and give most fast speed. Hurry up Don't time best. Common
Works like a dream  My phone was so slow that it took forever to do anything. Now it works like it should
True app Its for real. And it really worka for my myphone riocraze2. With 1gram and 2core, its enough and cozy fone with a free boost..
Works like a charm. Used to take me hours to downloads an app Or get one to open and run would take forever,  now I can actually download an app, uninstall or update within a few min. Battery doesn't run out as fast too I'm keeping this one.
The best I like playing geometry dash on my phone but things changed on the game so my phone is really slow but i can notice the difference when i make  my phone faster by the way i like turtles
Great apps My phone ram are running slow because I'm playing too much game. Whenever download this apps i fell more comfortable.
APUS IS GREAT I love the APUS app. It is great. The booster is nice, and the launcher is awesome too. I recommend this to everyone Thanks.
Apus WiFi booster Just downloaded it working very fast  hope it don't get weak. Will rated again.
This app saved my phone My phone and I were eating dinner when I noticed my phone wasn't breathing and then from out of the sky flew in super Apus app.
Easily the best No need to change again, the best launcher by far
The perfect match It was teh perfect app for me. My games got boosted a lot which used to lag before.
It does work. I add to a tablet that was slow playing high graphics game and it fixed it.  It cleans up ram and make devices work faster. I downloaded to 2 devices already. Recomeneded.
IZZY I've been loving APUS that i will always recommend to everybody whenever it comes to a positive results upon me..
APUS booster It's a good little app to have.
Great app for boosting and cooling down your phone. Small and powerful.
Tab Booster Used on Galaxy Tab Pro that was lagging. Fast, easy to understand, works as advertised. Sped up the tablet noticeably
The best The best app for shutting down pesky apps that run all the time.
Awesome App It help me boost up my phone
awesome update..... APUS,Y can't u introduce glass pack icons theme bcaz so many other launchers are providing glass pack icons themes....it would b nice if u provide more themes
Well.. Great app Nothing to say anymore.
Great App My phone runs so much better. Faster. Less data usage. I LOVE IT
Efficient Best Of All I Ever Have Seen
Finally Finally i found an app that boost my phone before my phone was so slow but now that i have this app it works perfectly thank you for this app i gave it five stars and i recommend this app to download
I am used many apps for boosting.. and cooling..bt all usless..bt this app super and better..now my phone faster than before and cooling..
I loved it Because its working without apus launcher
Daz Dewar 1st time user so ill let you more soon
Awesome App Did wonders with my cheap LG phone thanks
Amazing App Really does what it is made for D
Cool Best cleaner ever My phone was sooooo slow  Now it's like my dream come true
