Best out there with tasker integration Worth paying app. Developer is constantly improving the product.  Works flawlessly. Moved out of nine to aquamail. One suggestion for improvement will be a wiki on tasker profiles how to.
The One I've been Waiting For I always wanted to sort by sender and delete multiple emails. After downloading about 10 email apps, it wasn't until I ran into this one that I found what I was looking for. Definitely worth buying.
Nothing is free I was really torn between this and the somewhat less cluttered Type Mail, but Aqua's privacy policy well worth reading in itself and paid key made the difference  I'd rather put cash on the barrelhead than risk some dodgy, completely free software helping itself to my data in order to finance development.
Complete, usable, versatile, and wellsupported THE BEST for notifications, push imap idle, multiple accounts, folders, drafts, formatting rich text, stars, identities, and overall usability, as compared with K9, Gmail, and SamsungHTCMotorola builtin apps. I tried all 5.
Awesome email app I bought this app quite while ago and it's  held up quite nice.  I used to use Gmail and couldn't stand what they ended up doing to the app. So I went looking for  an email App and  came across this wonderful app. What's wonderful about this app is the developer does listen to his users and adds new features and I never let it go stale.  Thank you.
Great features, fantastic support Recent support from dev is best I've ever experienced on Android. Incredible number of settings  features available in a somewhat complex, but well organized structure. If you're having problems with a specific function, there's probably a setting for that. The ui is, imho, elegantly implemented.  Dev is actively developing additional features but not ruling out encryption, appreciates importance, and as hinted, fixes stuff asap. Well worth Pro.
My default mail app Love it The only addition I would love to see is some type of spam settings to move spam to thr trash and block email based on specific words.
Excellent This is the best email program, worth every penny, it's neat, simple, bring all your email into one app.
Great app I don't often pay for an app, at all, esp when I'm using it for free, but I use this everyday it works great and for 5 I will support it. Great app and thanks for your consistent support for it.
Simply the BEST email client for Android This is the most powerful, fastest, useful email client I have found for Android.  It has more features, some critical ones, than all other email clients offer.  I bought the full version, because good software needs to be supported.
I've used Aquamail for several months with no problems. The user interface is modern and the settings provide a large font for my old eyes.
Incredible customer care and brilliant app Lot of functionalities which make the stock and other commercial emails pale. This associated to a spot on customer care make 5 star in my book.
Solid app I use this for my business and receive many emails and attachments. Works without fail. Frequent updates and responsive support.
The app is great To people who does not know how to follow or set up properly they rate it bad same as how bad they can follow. I just paid for it. It is totally awesome and customizable with signature and images on it. Great job
Don't F around. Get this app. They should honestly just preinstall this on every android phone. IT'S THAT FING GREAT
Excellent app Best email app out there. Used for many years and just upgraded to pro version. Well done on a great app
Great App Does everything I need it too.  Don't change a thing
Best in market Simplemente la mejor. Cierto es perfectible pero en facilidad de uso.  Simpleza. Fcil de leer. Navegacin etctera.  No he encontrado una que le haga sombra
AMAZING        BRILLIANT And soooo configurable I am not a great one for buying apps, but after using trial app for some time, I just HAD to buy the full version and delete the crap apps previously used for other email addresses.
The perfect allinone email app I have an older phone but wanted to check my emails on it easily. This application is hands down very efficient and advanced at the same time. Great for checking multiple email accounts or folders within accounts all in one place.
