Does its job Syncs my iCal to my android calendar, and my MaciOS reminders to the Tasks app, and most importantly, they are both 2WAY sync  Usually interfacing between apple and android requires many workarounds and compromises, but this app simply and beautifully provides crossplatform synchronization.  I almost never pay for apps, but this one is soooo worth it.  Thanks
Smooth Sync for calendars is EXCELLENT I was doubtful at first because there was an amount I had to pay. But when I paid for the app and started to install it, there was a button for REFUND. When I used the app, in less than 3 minutes my calendars from my iPhoneGoogle Calendar synced very well.  All my events were shown My device Samsung Galaxy Note tablet with 4.4.2 android. I love it
Didn't regret my first Paid App It worked flawlessly to 2way sync my android calendar with icloud calendar. it does what it says it does.
Did Exactly What I Needed I wanted to sycn the family's calendars with Apple, Android and loccally instaled Windows Outlook versions.  SmoothSync did just that   Thanks Marten
Gobsmackingly Brilliant I would have saved so much time had I known this app existed when I first made the switch from ios. Worth every penny I paid, thanks
Excellent app I recently made the switch to Android after being heavily invested in Apple devices. I needed to continue using iCloud calendars on my Android based phone. This app did that perfectly.
The app works seamlessly with my ICloud Calendar on my IMac and IPad Mini.  No complaints with 2way sync  works perfect.  I was required to download an additional free app to accompany this app as a workaround for a bug issue they found when rebooting your phone.  No biggie, well worth the cost
FINALLY... ... able to sync my family iCalendar which everyone but me uses with my Note 3.  I am one of the family again. 2way syncing works flawlessly.
Brilliant With Apple trying to limit us, this app opens the door for sharing across platforms. The devs are on the ball with any issues and active in giving us the best product.
Perfect This app saves me so much time.
Family Calendar I moved back to android after a year on IOS the only feature I missed was the family calendar. This great little app fixes that.  perfect
Been using it about one year.  Syncs both ways.  No issues or problem.
Perfect solution I have a mac and an android phone.  My wife adds to a shared calender using her I phone.  With this app I can easily sync the Ical calendars for easy use on my Android. Thanks so much
Samsung galaxy s5 Love it got specifically for work and i get all my bosses appointments can add and syncs perfectly does exactly what I needed.  Thanks so much guys
Just what I was looking for Outstanding sync of icloud calendar Shows calendars shared with me in icloud and let's me use stock Android calendar. Keep up the great work, I appreciate it
Dream Life is one step easier now 
Only way to sync iCal to android Thank you
Simply the best mobile app ever This does a great job, exactly what I needed.  It is quite simply the best mobile app I have ever purchased...  Running on Samsung Galaxy 5.0 Android to my macbook Pro and my large family calendars including icloud.  This app delights 6Stars
WORKS without a flaw  what can one wish more
Perfect This app does exactly what I wanted it to syncs my icloud family calendar to my S3.  Couldn't be happier.  Thank you
Perfection Simple to set up, integrates seamlessly with google cal, distinguishes between different iCal calendars. And best of all, it has a very limited amount of requested permissions
So glad I found this app
It works That is all.
Excellent Did exactly what I needed it to, moved my iCal to my Google calendar. Quick as well
The solution I needed The best feature is that it syncs both ways. Indispensable app.
