Amazing for story telling pix Highly artistic in so many ways.
I like it Nice app with some pretty good effects, please keep adding more, thank you.
Love this app Have used it on my phone forever. Got a new phone, so purchased the app again 'cause I love it so much
Paper Artist Great photo and art editor
Great app I use it in conjunction with Photo Blender to create really nice hybrid effects.
Very diverse app. I truly love this app. I use it for my children books. Amazing
Great app guys. I downloaded just to try, I really got impressed by the potential or this app. Really amazing.i hope u guys keep developing.
Paper artist Great App
Wonderful app I have a lot of fun with it. Recommended it to all my friends.
Great App It is easy to use and has a some great filters to really make your photos pop
Unique This is the app that I use first and most frequently. I love it.
Wow Awesome thanks
Great
Wow Amazing
Love it This app was preinstalled free on my Note 2, I loved it. When I upgraded my phone the app didnt come preinstalled, so I purchased it. I have tried so many apps like this one and the others pale in comparison. I do think it would be cool if I could use one of their default backgrounds and just use a colored paint brush instead of using the one they appointed for their different backgrounds. Maybe they will have an update Its a great app and I highly recommend it.
Paper Great Just simply awesome.
Paper Artist When I first tried it, it was free. I have no problem paying for it, but I think it would be a good idea to allow others to have limited access to it so it can be evaluated. Had I not known what it was like, then my first instinct would have been to go for a free app and miss out on the hours of fun I have with this one.
2.99 now 2.99 but my on Galaxy Note 2 it was free but loved it so much when i upgraded to The note4 i had 2 have it
I guess I like it When I downloaded this app the first time it was free.   I upgraded my phone now the price is  2.99... way to sucker me in guys. The phrase that comes to mind is well played because of course after using the app, I'll pay the fee  it's totally worth it.
Great job Had the app on my S3 ...........it was awesome..............rendered the same xperince on my S4.....and now I'm on Note 4.........it just keeps going and going and going..........
Paper Artist Probably have never had so much fun with pictures just buy it you'll see what I'm talkingabout Samsung did..
ARTrageously FUN... Loving this APP so far...can't wait to play with the potential of ALL these options I'm using it on my Samsung Note 4 cell with it's stylus and also my new 12.9 Galaxy Pro Tablet, also with built in stylus...and I'm having a blast I can't WAIT till June, when I'm going to bring this to Giverny and use it to recreate Monet's gardens 2.99 is nothing, and it's much better now then when it was free.
Love it Omg this app is so amazing I love it it helps me to inspire myself
S3neo Superb don't download this app here it is free on torrent download it
Awesome I love the new interface.  More vivid. Keep improving.
I soooo luv this app it is good for making photos into masterpieces 
Love it I loved this app when it was free on my S3 but, it is well worth buying. Love this app sooo much
In love with the app, but I can't figure out how to save the orginal image after manipulation. I have Galaxy 4. It was easy on the 3.
