I've always liked this widget because it includes the calendar And the agenda together It just had trouble running with a few launchers I've tried. I hope it works well with this one
Perfect calendar app I used the free version for a couple of months and loved it so much I bought this paid version. Just love this nice clean interface I can see all my appointments quickly. Really nice app.
Lovely Great looking widget, extremely easy to use, no lag and takes up no space. I love it after an hour of use.
Really annoying Well,  where do I start. My first complaint is this app should be renamed Best Calendar app around, please fix this immediately. Secondly, This app is so good I have felt compelled to buy it.. Despite there being absolutely no nagging ads etc. Please please could you make this app less brilliant as I can barely stand the annoyance.
Nice. I just downloaded it and it seems to cover all the basis.  Apps like this are good to me because I'm to lazy to learn how apps work half the time. So this easy to use app fits my needs 
Nice app Definitely worth the money for the license, but you get to try it out first to see if you like it. Nice minimalist style with perfect functionality to replace the clunky calendar widget that came with my galaxy s4.
Excellent Excellent widget app. Why do apps have to be so clunky and full of complicated features that force you to get a headache after a while This app eliminates all the unnecessary features and targets the highlights of what an app should be. It brings out the beauty and makes me so happy. It has a capability to make you want to jump and do a flip Definitely worth the 3. great job
The best, most useful, easy to use calendar By far the best, most useful, easy to use calendar. I sync my fb calendar, Live calendar like many other however this allows the daily agenda view clearly with the monthly view. I've only paid for two apps in the hundred i use and this is one that I felt the developer deserved a payment even if it wouldn't give me any more use. Now that's a good app
Great calander The best on the market. Forget all the rest, stop here, pay the 2, and all you headaches will go away. Simply the best
Smooth and simple After working with IT since 1978, I know the importance of presenting data.  This app does so, without being overweighted in the process.   It's low profile appearance by being transparent is the reason I say this.   Many apps want to take control of the experience and dominate your attention when used.   This simple to use app, does it's job smoothly and still allows continued viewing of other data important to the user.  Well done 
Very Appropriate No known issues on my devices. Worth the tea money
Just Love It Sinple but very professional looking  Best calendar yet. Looks very good on the Galaxy Note III.
Prettier, easier, faster Well I laid out. Easier to look at and utilize.
Amazing Perfect,simplistic integrated calendar.  Looks great on my nexus 9...well worth the purchase to have it looking exactly how I want it.... It's amazing.
App that grows as per your wishes Spl tx to devs to listen n implement features. This app is my lifeline n i wish 2 contribute as much as i can with my feedback n suggestions. Best wishes for next update. Plz add small features like clockweather if possible.
Just bought it and it's what i was looking for Wish the date text will smaller so it will be more space for event text,  and agend could be shown for next 3 months,  not just a month. Tq
Good calendar. The black  white app is good but the colorful widget allows your taste in color. Beautiful
Only one critique I think the tab that tells you there is something taking place on a given date should consist of a color with a bit more contrast. Other then than great widget.
Awesome widget would really love it if secondary text  agenda text could be formatted separately. Want agenda text bolder  secondary more in background.
Event markers It would be nice if I could change the event mark to different colors based on the event aka holidays one color, payday another color, work schedule another.
Best calendar app for me Can customize but not overly confusing.  It's just right 
