Must Have Its really worth every single penny.  I wish to get more cloud storage. 100MB not enough for me because we deserve more from you guys. Its the most have app in all my devices. Wish my request come true
Awesome Works as described, been using the free app for a few years and decided to buy as they keep improving and making it better...  The amount of time  money saved by not having to use an actual scanner, specially on the go, is worth every penny  A must have if your professional on the go
One of the most useful apps Excellent UIcontrols. The image enhancement and cropping make a huge difference.    Note You don't need subscription for High Quality scans. Simply enable them in settings.    Also, you can disable the second icon under Help.
Super D Awesome app, my kid's hand drawn comics into pdf, documents made while in the car for immediate upload or email, and with the plus version a back up and storage in the cloud incase your phone gets ran over by the car you're in. .A must have, thanks CS
Changed my life. Best app, daily use, share pdfs to email, dropbox, messages Perfect mobile filecabinet. Always perfect x 3 yrs on multiple devices. Upgrade nice but miss the alignment lines when snapping pics. Please address why the lines came and went just when i grew dependent..Note 3..
Love this scanner I have only had the CamScanner for a few weeks, however, I have scanned tickets to show I have attended so I can get rid of the paper around the house and still keep the memento.  It does a superb job of rendering discolored items brighter and no discoloration.  I first downloaded the free version and then I was scanning so much I purchased the license so I could continue to scan and put the items in various folders.  Certainly a buy recommendation
Excellent Product and they Listen Recent update has brought back HQ scans for paid users, thank you for respecting our past purchase. Five stars.  Tried it, loved it, bought it Now I have to pay how much more per month or year to simply get the high quality scans I paid for already Sorry, I am reasonable, but your price is too high for a casual user like myself.
Unbelievable Magical This app CamScanner  paid version is the most intelligent app I've ever installed. It allows straightening of captured documents, and autoadjusts the colouring and brightness in a very clever way. And, it's fast. In fact, I even use it to take images of people and use the magic enhancement to produce clearer, richer images. I guess the developers are serious guys who have invested heavily in what they do. I'm very happy with my CamScanner Thanks, devs.
pushing back to 5 stars Blowfish issue miraculously has been resolved.  This key is now back to mere kilobytes.
Scan on the go This app is a total game changer. Now you can scan any document from anywhere anytime, and email to anyone. Five stars is an understatement.
99 cents for FULL VERSION Yes, I too paid once before to get the full version of the app. Then the app updated to completely new design and it reverted me back to the basic version. I took advantage of the limited time discount and paid 0.99 and I'm happy again.
Best Google store investment Awesome app  Best productivity tool ever  I was able to send back to school documents,  employment applications,  college transcripts and more with this handy tool  No fax necessary,  no copy machine. Works beautifully. Document can be sent as a jpg,  pdf, or doc file  Pure awesomeness
