Iftikhar ali I just love it the way my family  get money in my country but plz increase the limit if u can thanks
Excellent. I like hello paisa. And this is very easy way for send money to my country. I love hello paisa. I want to say I have some friends from Jordan. Those friends of Jordan they also want to send money to their country. If hello paisa can add also Jordan they will b happy and glad. Thanks a lot hello paisa.
Very fast Is it very good way for the money transfer to in my country.
Good and legal way to send money directly to home.
We want app for iphone Please guys
easy to send.but, expensive nd  hope we do send more than R5000
About hello paisa I am Indian.It is very secure and safer way to send the money abroad.if the people they know how to send money abroad,than it is very important apps for them.It is cheaper than a bank and western union as well.I loved it.best apps for me.
Amazing applications ..please if you can add more countries like Philippines ...it's more easily send money to relative
  app Very nice I like it,,,
nice app
Robin make it unlimited please.
Loved it
Musawwer Goood
As for me 
Salim Dewoan
Quick, safe and legal way to send money back home. Awsome and very useful app.
Ahmer mughal I liked it to much.... it's very safe nd easy way to send money....
Great Facility Really happy,  a quick way to send money back home
Business man This is fast time I see .hello paisa Bring good offers and chance for us, to send money safely for our family. Tension gone, no  more robbed from hunde dalal.thanks hello paisa.
Good rates and efficient system. Appreciate the staff too.
Goog apps for us.
Love this app....
Shaban kharal Is nice to send many pakistan
Thanks Green Hello Cellc easy 2 send money in my home country.... thanks hello cellc....
thx hallopaisa,its gonnabe very useful apps for us.
This is tha way Hello Paisa forever
very nyc but everday loging
It's awesome V nice
Tops
This is good opportunity for us.now we can send money sefley to family. W
awesom app Quick, safe and legal. Very easy to send money to pakistan
