Helping me through my Master's program. I'm new to mind mapping, but this program helps me to map out my assignments and main points easily. It is a pleasure to use. I love that the files created can live in Dropbox, so they're always backed up.
Perfect Does all one could wish for, comfy and straightforward, works transparently with the desktop version, syncing back and forth completely and automatically.
Still the Best. Concept maps are a great tool for so many things, and this is the best app to make them. Easy to see, every feature you could want, worth paying for. I only wish the interface would be improved. It's dated and unintuitive.
Great tool, I use it all the time. I had a support issue today. They answered an email within just a couple hours or less with advice that solved my issue.
Great Very easy to use. Indispensable. I bought it when I was an undergrad. Now I use it for my business Love the new features.
A real must have app One of the few apps that never gets deleted on all my devices. From taking notes to planning projects this is always useful.
Versatile I've been a fan of mindmapping for 30 years, and I shall make sure my grandchildren learn to use this software. It's so much cheaper than Mindjet mindmapping or ThinkBuzan's Imindmap, but it is still versatile enough to be useful.
Great for remembering details like family tree names and study topics on any subject. Wouldn't be without it. I upgraded it.
This is the best mind mapping app. SimpleMind mind mapping is easy to use with extra features such as notes. The mind maps and colours are beautiful. You can email your mind maps in various formats. I'm using this app to structure creative writing projects and books.
Great productivity app Lives up to its  name  simple to use as compared to other popular ones like freemind and freeplane . Helps me to quickly capture my thoughts and edit as necessary at later times.
Great app Easy to use, very intuitive, easy to export to many formats
Excellent Mind Mapper A genuinely useful productivity tool that combines ease of use and versatility with a lot of features and customisation options. If you're not sure then try the free version first then check the help website to see all the features of the full version.
Awesome map app Great app One of the best out there and keeps getting better.
Amazing mind mapping The best mind mapping app in the store continues to get better and better.
One of my favorite apps Please get Google Drive or Box sync soon  That is all.
Great for many things I use it for note taking, ideas organising, list managing, task managing. The upgrade version is well worth it, particularly useful being the send images to email or evernote. This is the first app I've rated, but the app pleased so much I had to do it.
Raj I have tried many others. S simplemind is truly the best. Simple powerful and addictive. Keep up the good work
Just perfect Does exactly what it is supposed to do without any glitches.
Excellent Tool Just great Really versatile and elegant way to present your ideas... I would like to have a sync function from my tablet to my phone to make this app perfect
It's the best concept map application I've tried for android
Simply excellent. Purchased extra license for niece, collegebound HS senior It just works. It's well designed and intuitive. Great export function. Possibly the most useful tool I own for motion practice and trial prep. Beats every other mindmapping app I've tried  Android and iOS. BUT, would like to be able to save to Google Drive and other cloud storage services like SpiderOak. Others have asked for this as well.
Great mobile mind mapping Awesome tool. Easy to use, good interface.
It works great , shows Me how simple I am . I aM still learning to map  but I am enjoying this. Easy to use .
Love it It just works for me. Plenty of thoughts in this app.
Amazing and Intuitive I can't believe how intuitive this application is, everything is designed exactly the way you would want it. Best mind map software I've used. Great job developpers
Awesome Great tool for dumping ideas
Muito bom Leve e funcional. Exorta para diversos formatos. Design leve e atraente
SimpleMind is a most excellent app I am dyslexic and this program really helps me in all sorts of ways. I also use it as a to do list to group and move things around. I highly  recommend this program to all dyslexics and those whose genius is yet to shine.
