Very good Very good app develop nd securely also excellent plz one add.in this app one is statement of ac nd update bank ditail services about investment lic is to new.ur expert ideas but good service not in sbi branch but is good service
Loved it... , Very Good Apps...  ,  Hi I Am Ab b j Avenger , I like This Apps   I Give you       Very Good Aaps     Acha App hai Koi Problem Nhi Mai 1 Sal Se Use Kar Raha Ho  Abdul Rab Kaju Avenger..  My S3 Neo....14082015
A very fantastic and useful app It's a very balanced and useful app for SBI net banking users. Quite satisfied. Love it.....
Too good... Easy to check balance... And the great feature is that we can recharge our mobile with in 20 secs...seriously loved it...
Wow,Thumps up My friend told me to install it , well it's better than expected,smooth,easytouse,far more better than the previous apps .good innovation.SBI
Easy to access This app will help to reach directly to account rather than open web page and go to side.
SBI did it again  Thanx a lot for upgrading the app for Android lollipop version...  The app really makes banking easy and quick... Thanx a ton
I love this app thanks 4 sbi but a little need to improve like statement....you know don't you, I want 2 say
Now available mpassbook u can see 150 offline statements using MPIN Great app thanks to app developers now SBI SECURE OTP APP also available from play store without text message u will get OTP ONLINE  OFFLINE
Lovely App Must have app for any SBI account holder. Its very nice, simple, fast and user friendly.
Necessary Bank in my hand. No need to visit. The bank has updated what we need before any demand. Bank is so concerned about customers. thank u sbi.
Great app I suggest everyone to keep this app in ur mobile.and need some improvement to automatic sync the otp from mobile
Good Make the tatasky payment to be minimum of 8 as the provider provided Ek din ka recharge
Dear sir,  Recently I have upgraded android 5.1 in my HUWAI HONOR 4X MODEL, statebank anywhere app not installing error code coming 505.  kindly solve the issue .  this apps i am using past 2 years.  after upgradation coming problem.
Add the option to add benificiary If we can Add the beneficiary from this app only then it will be wonderful. If possible add that option and update the app
Govt Bank ka App hai socha bakwas honga, but must say superb app
