Problem after the update The new update is excellent and I really love it However, there's only one small problem with the swipe feature. After swiping a word, the keyboard won't automatically insert a space after the word. Not all the time, but it is quite irritating sometimes. This is my favorite keyboard and I really love it. Please find a way to fix this as soon as possible. Thank you
Great app Always one of the first apps installed after reboot or on new device. Simply and easy to use, does exactly what it's supposed to.
I'm pleased.
Best ever Loving it
Extra
Finally gave up my Blackberry keyboard for   SwiftKey on Android. The only keyboard I can stand to use, and which is almost as quick as a physical QWERTY.
Almost Perfect Text prediction has improved,  emoticon panel is heaps faster,  slight lag when transferring back from emotions to the keyboard, keep up the good work
Rarely rate apps Only thing I'd like is for you to add option to have only one word suggestions as an option, that way you can use one or two. Been using your keyboard for a long time. Never experienced any issues, great developer and honestly every update adds some functionality. Keep up the good work guys
Bad performance with the new udpates This was the best keyboard, now it keeps crashing and how to contact you it is more difficult than deal with any governmental office, I paid this app and it is not working properly, can even post a customer report so you can try to fix it.
Changed my satisfaction with Android I always missed my iPhone keyboard until I found this app. Now they are another reason why I would not step back to iPhone.
The best in town got better with version 6 The ultimate Android keyboard.. Smart, easy to use, saves you thousands of keystrokes and professional.. Feature reach best keyboard ever. I can't imagine using my smartphone without it.. Excellent work.
Fantastic Hands down the best keyboard I have ever used.  Autocorrect is on point and I can customize it to no end,  love it
BEST KEYBOARD EVER Seriously. It needs no review it speaks for itself. This keyboard is a genius. If you ever buy one thing on Google Play, let it be this.  I've used it on the HTC G1, Galaxy Nexus, Galaxy S4, and Nexus 7, Droid Maxx, Samsung Galaxy Tab E, and Droid Turbo 2. Flawless.
Awsome Unquestionably and ultamately the very best. I wouldn't have any other. Only one existing problem  don't put numbers across the top of keyboard, as it will reduce the size of all the keys.
The best app ever Works great after the last update from att. I am not good at texting or emails but SwiftKey keyboard makes me look like it. Still the best app out there. I would give it 6 stars if I could. This keyboard keeps getting better and better, I love it
Best keyboard for Android. Best keyboard for ANDROID. Period. I rarely give five stars but this deserves every star. Very intuitive and great design. Best part Orange theme
