Love it One tap and longlost details show up  I didn't know I was wearing a lacey dress in that snapshot when I was three years old  Simply marvelous
The app used to work great, but now my pics look grainy or noisy after it tweaks them. You can really see it if you zoom in.  Please fix this,  I used this app all the time and used to recommend it too.  New issue also is it keeps crashing about 10 seconds after I start it. EDIT The crash issue was my fault and working fine.  The grainy dots are still there, maybe a future update will tweak that out again.  Thanks for the reply as well.
Amazing app. If you are a photo junkie, you need this. Photos come out great and not over processed. Highly recommend it.
Wow factor Great app, UI uncluttered, results fantastic Processed a batch of images which were originally slides. Scanning slides tends to leave them with a blue caste, this app sorted the problem quickly. Overall excellent app, easy to use  no doubt will get better with age. Galaxy SII running ICS  definitely recommend.
Brilliant Does all the work for you and brilliantly 9 times out of 10, your photo is transformed magnificently in one simple step In those other cases, you can fine tune to your heart's content. Can no longer live without this amazing tool
Fantastic result with one click I use this to  enhance all my photos from my phone. When I'm too lazy or don't have time to edit each photo, this does the job wonderfully. Worth the money spent. Ps please make it faster for processing the photos. I'm using Note 5 and it takes quite a lot of time to process batch photos. Thanks Ps 2 would definitely buy this if you have standalone programs for Windows and Mac 
Totally blown away Wow a photo editor for those of of us who just want sharp clear pictures with out all the weird filters. And yes it is easy to  use 
Extremely powerful I've  been able to fix many photos i didn't  originally like with this tool
Brilliant This is an amazing app for unlocking ypur camera phone's true potential. Work perfect for selfies and normal pics.  Kudos
A Perfectly Perfect App I have been using this product for ages... this release improves the alreadyawesome product so much that I would be happy to buy it again.  I get so much value from it that I also bought the Photoshop Plugin.  Thanks
Very useful to have I don't always need the editing, but when something happens in less than ideal lighting, this app makes the difference between a flat looking picture and a great one. Has gradually become my camera of choice. Terrific burst mode on my Nexus 5.
Great app for photo Auto correcting photos Very easy to use. You can edit in batches.  Works great.  Great for phones with without high end cameras.
Great software Easy to use, does great work auto enhancing images most of the time. If not it's easy to tweak them yourself.
Handy. A really useful app for smoothing blemishes, wrinkles and more. Really good integration with Snapseed makes these pretty much the only two apps I use, especially for 'people' shots.
