My legs flail all ova the place while playing this game, usually I need to constantly be doing something in games other than just tap, tap, tap and this constantly keeps me on my feet. Not really though cause they're kicking crazilly.
I'M SPEECHLESS THAT'S UNPOSSIBLE NO..., really This game is ASTOUNDING and every great thing everyone else said ADDICTIVE Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro, and Note 4
Fast Great game which will test your reflexes. Very addictive when you reach futile as that's when the game starts to really test you. This is one of my best games ever.
Possimpible This game takes things to a whole new level. One where the impossible and possible meet, making it... The possimpible or the UNPOSSIBLE Barney Stinson.  This game is highly recommended to anyone and will test your skills in progressively harder levels of play.
Thrilling and very Addictive The game is sooo fun and thrilling. It will take you breathless when you reach 100 seconds and if you lost, i doubt that that you will smile and curse it hahaha. So love it
So fun I enjoy it. Frustrating and addictive. Fun, love it
Great From the smooth glow of the obstacles to the challenges this game creates to the players, this is worth investing for its price range
Cool game This game will make you squirm trying to keep from crashing... Graphics are great, controls are responsive, and it has excellent replay value.
Amazing Addicted Love the game just be aware if you play in public people will look at you funny while you move your head around and your legs and your making faces at the screen trying to get past your old record
Greatest runner ever A really fastpaced game which is constantly moving. A good addition would be a randomly generated level, but still worth the buy Quick game, can play anytine
Do the unpossible Great game could use a little more functionality music is decent could be better. A multiplayer setting and leaderboard would make this game insanely competitive looking forward to future updates
One of the Best of The Year I can't put it down. It runs smoothly and is visually stunning. It pulls you in. When I crash, I jump. Total emersion.
Not bad at all Very challenging great sound and graphics is extremely hard and fun.
Amazing but one thing some people must read. When you get up to the really high distances, the obsticles will fly by the screen so fast one by one and for some 'special' people, i could be exagerating can cuase a epileptic suisure. You have been warned. But that cant stop you from trying the game.
Awesome Game This game is so fun while being decently hard at the same time Also, consumes time, which is great too Good game 
Fzero style I hope you continue to develop this and possibly even be able to add multiplayer modes, ghost runs, let us enable video recording lol.
Question here I love the game but how do I get it to record. I go to setting and try to change it from disabled but it doesn't change. Any help
Fast, Fun, Casual Lots of fun for those little moments where you want to kill dine time. Glad this is a paid for app.
Good Fun This is a simple but awesome game. I wish it wasn't always blue and maybe rotated through colors or something, but it's still good fun in a science fictiony setting.
Great fun with beautiful graphics Really nice game concepts executed beautifully
omg so good. play this game at 4am your adrenaline just goes whoooshhh but just don't let your friends beat your record.
Love it Graphics are amazing. The game is smooth bot glitchy.  It's fun Hard but not too hard.  Great to pass time.
Fantastic I've just begun to dive into this crazy game it's a lot of fun. Fun enough to put a review on. The graphics are cool and it feel like a new distance game. Try it out
O M G    This game is such a rush. . . Keeps you guessing. . And coming back for more   Devs well done.
