Very usefull for PTA and North Joburg I live and work in Pretoria and the North of Johannesburg and it works for me. People don't seem to realize that Eskom kan willy nilly decide at what stage we are with loadshedding. This app helps you rather to understand the schedules Eskom sent out as well give you the best warning of when loadshedding is predicted by Eskom itself to start. Those schedules are very hard to understand and read.  This app takes care of that.
Super useful Great app, no complaints just a suggestion. If the notifications can also include which area it is for. I have 7 areas on and just seeing a notification that says brace yourself does not really inform me where. Then when I open the app the info doesn't always sync. So I get a notification but all areas says no load shedding. But for the most the app works like a dream
Great app Know when our useless government will cut power. Can at least plan accordingly
Best aop I've changed my mind, it's definitely the best app I've queried the fact that the latest loadshedding schedule doesn't show for our area and it has been resolved almost immediately. Thank you
Great app Such an amazing app to use Well designed and expertly implemented Thanks for this great tool in such dark times. P
Better everyweek Update This has become the most useful piece of tech in my pocket. While people complain that they're getting false warnings consider yourselves lucky. So far when ever there is  a planned schedule this app also had it on notice as well. At least what you can do is appreciate what this person is doing. I don't see any ads on the app so he's doing it for free out of their own interest. Of that were to shut down their service would you still complain, to whom, eskom Don't think so
Accurate to the minute Good app, even better than the other load shedding apps for SA
Most accurate load shedding app Most accurate app ever used, lets know you when load shedding going to be, change or end  Definitely a must for everyone Definitely for Port Elizabeth
All you need to know... Unlike the business it is reporting on, this application is transparent... it gives you the info you need to fill the darker moments in SA history
Awesome app Always on time always as the eskom website announced. So if you suposed to be loadshedded according to all sources, incl eskom, but you sitting watching tv ... shhh and be thankful, lol, somebody messed up and forgot to switch you off teeheehee   I think its as someone else here said, as per eskom's own site too, they can literally at any given moment decide now or not without warning. Its also data dependent, so if you getting no forecasts check that your data internet isnt iffy.
Great App What you have to consider with this app is that Eskom loadsheds whenever and not according to a schedule. Let's focus on the real problem at hand... eskom
Amazing  Handy app The app is very helpful and I enjoy the many areas to choose from. EskomSePush is handy for its notifications and loadshedding forecasts. The design is top class with an occasional lag on my side. Keep up the good work Expecting more great apps from Ashwhale. 
