You can add Sync now shortcut to desktop.  Handy Have communicated a lot with dev.  He's been very helpful and responsive.  Would like Dropsync to have Preview feature so you could see how much downloading or uploading was going to be needed, and if there were any deletes planned  Still great, though...
love this works wonderfully. just have to turn off stamina mode using Sony mobile phone. but otherwise it works great
Fantastic app. This keeps all my devices in sync. It occasionally logs out of drop box though. Is there any way to stop that behavior
Twoway sync Love it. Original photos get synced to Dropbox, and then the lower resolution version also uploaded to Google photos. It used to be that Google didn't sync photo changes both ways, which was my original reason for using this app
CaptivategtGalaxy S5Active. What Dropbox for Android should have been. Love instant uploads of pics, attachments, etc. Changes are always on the other machines I use. Makes my phone part of my office.  Customizable folder locations on different platforms solves many problems with apps that only readwrite to their own folder... Highly Recommended
Good app I like this app. Useful app I would like an option in the settings if is checked the dropsync to only sync when the android sync button is on. I usually turn on sync android button on when I'm on WiFi and I want to sync all my data, but when I'm on WiFi Hotspot, I disable the auto sync because WiFi Hotspot cost money... I had this issue when using WiFi hotspot the dropsync eated all my WiFi hotspot money...
It is a good application Works fine. I like that it gives various way to sync . Upload and delete original was the one that I was looking for.
Love this app Syncs everything I need to all my devices
Excellent app Once I set it up I can forget it exists
Nicely done We have all the sync options in here
It works  Works great for uploading stuff you want to save,  freeing up space on your phone.  Would be perfect if it could move Kindle files to SD.
Absolutely amazing A musthave if you use Dropbox a lot and work also using different devices. This app keeps all perfectly synced for you and checks regularly for new updates
Awesome app Steve Nonya let's hear this wonderful idea you have. Please, we all must know. Lol. You big baby Rate the app not your over inflated ego
Excellent as expected Does what it says on the tin
Exactly as advertised Set it and forget it. Makes testing phone so easy too, everything just comes back as before.
Good app
Loved it 
Worth buying it Works perfectly. Thanks
App realmente excelente. Uma mo na roda para manter alguns tipos de arquivos atualizados como wallpapers e musicas dentro do celular e fotos, videos e screenshots para fora do celular.
Dropsync is the bomb, baby After experiencing the simplicity and powerful functionality of this app I have to wonder...WHY DOES MY ACTUAL DROPBOX APP NOT DO THIS LOL.                                   Seriously though, this app has saved me a lot of time and frustration compared to uploading files in other ways. Not only is the upload speed much, much faster, but you can manipulate full folders instead of just files                 Yay for Dropsync  And yay for me too
HTC DESIRE 816 How can you Not love it.   I like the Future. lol  30 years ago, This stuff wasn't even thought of.  lol   The App Pro works Perfect.   Thanx
Works really well. Very easy to use and manage. Haven't lost anything, but occasionally duplicates do to my errors.
great I've seen a couple of bad reviews about cust svc and upgrades disabling things. All I can say is that I have NEVER had these problems. This is tool slick as ice and I'd be lost without it.
Great App. Settings are powerful. So useful to actually have files syncing across devices automatically. Being able to work offline and then have them update seamlessly makes it a practical necessity. Thanks.
A must have This is the missing link to being completely in control of your files, photos and downloads between cloud and mobile. Works flawlessly
Awesome Feels great knowing my important files are being automatically backed up
Lifesaver Fantastic app beautifully designed and thought out. Well worth the cost of upgrade. Thank you.
Dropsync with key Perfect, using it for years to sync photos taken with my smartphone so I can access them on my computer. Syncing both ways. Great for shared filesdatabases like keepass.
Really useful Use it to sync everything when I go on wifi. Get all my pictures and videos off and keeps my phone with plenty of space.
Dropbox pro My life just got easier
