Best, because of the shortcuts But careful  you'll loose them all if you have to reinstall save them someplace  Dev note  been using it for a couple years   it just keeps getting better  now i wouldn't even bother to learn another one  his thing flies 
Awsome App It did have problems with prediction and auto  correct  but now it works great and I love  the auto  emotions  as you can tell.  The personal shortcuts a a good feature too, it makes putting in emails  and stuff so much easier.
910 Fantastic app with great customization. Easy to use and fast responses. Only problem is the autocorrect emojis if I use the emoji plug in. It would be fantastic if I could turn that off. Other than that. Flawless.
Easiest keyboard to use I have tried a lot of different keyboards and find this the easiest and fastest to use. I have used it as my de facto keyboard for a number if years now as keep reinstalling each new phone. Thanks
My first purchased app. This is so far the first and only app i have purchased. i don't like to waste money on applications. but i like this as well as it's themes. please continue to improve and never delete my favorite theme  cout pink.  
Its so awesome, I really enjoy using it only thing I don't swipe It's a great App
Great keyboard Enjoying this keyboard, especially like the different themes and layouts. Turned off joysticktrackpad feature on keyboard as couldn't see point of it. Swype feature made things faster.
Very very goooood                   
Fantastic How much can you put in a seemingly simple keyboard app. Wow I only needed the undoredo features and was very pleasantly surprised by how much you get with this app  
Keyboard app I love  this app it is easy to use and extremely beautiful.  The only problem I have is there are to many keyboards that have no letters or extra letters that can't be used like an n on the right side with no purpose can you please fix this thanks
Best keyboard We need more tweaking, for example in the top raw let us change the buttons within the utils I wanna add the select all, and the clipboard to the top raw
The BEST KEYBOARD U CAN GET.. HAND DOWN Why would you go to any other keyboard this is the best you guys can get come on download it
Best keyboard ever After using a number of keyboards, this is one covers all. Nice button size and spacing, perfect word prediction, specific keys for specific taskeg. Calculator the list goes on. I really enjoy typing when using this keyboard
LOVE IT So many modifications  choices to get JUST LIKE YOU WANT from colors,  fonts,  size If The keys
Nice Update. Works great. Works great now. Had problems with lollipop update, but developer fixed and I love this keyboard again.
A.I keyboard Love  this app Have it on all my Android devices Which I could install it on a MAC  device
captializing at the wrong time I am getting VERY frustrated with the keyboard it keeps making words that shouldn't be capitalized or all in uppercase So I have to keep going back and correcting Hoping the update I just did has fixed it So far seems to be MUCH better
I love everything. This app has many varieties of types and colors.  I have tried many others and this one takes the cake.
Recent feedback Have been using for quite good time now. Would prefer over the other 3rd party keyboards including swiftkey. pls add rupee symbol in currency. it helps. rest all good work.
After many years they still listen to customer They did it again, Nov'15 fixed language pack. Really took care my error report.  This April 2014, again they proved themself as TOP developer since they fix the bug I reported and replied my emails.  They really deserve to be paid well for this app. After several updates, AI Type back to earn 5 stars. And the customer support really took care about every complaints and feedbacks I wrote to them.  Several months ago they fixed all bugs.
Awesome Took my basic keyboard to the maximum level of cuteness and I get asked about it all the time.
