Works seemlessly
I might be biased, but this app... changed my life 
EXCELLENT A app that gave me a wakeup call on what im spending my money....
Most useful While my spending habits haven't improved now I know where the money is going
Best app Great app but got problems with bank links,nothing being processing at all
I laughed, I cried, it changed my life No really, it works, very little inputs required once set up. Ek beveel dit aan vir almal met meer as een rekening.
Great App  Equally great service Truly happy with the application and the team at 22seven.
Excellent app
Excellent
Awesome
Superb Personal Finance Dashboard A valuable  highly recommendable service, with no credible local competition.
A life changer Amazing app to get your finances back on track. Also helped to reduce unnecessary expenses.
All my money stuff in one place Awesome
Amazing platform I've been using 22seven since its hayday and the app really compliments the entire platform. I can now watch my spending patterns on a daily basis and change them for the better.
Excellent and very helpful.
My 2014 and 2015 app of the year Best app ever I have downloaded so far...I'm running KitKat on S4..Very smooth I must say AND ITS FREE..it keeps getting better.
Smart Money Best app ever hope it keeps getting more innovative...
Great app. Would be great to have an option to record refunds as a negative expense instead of income.
Brilliant
Awesome
Saved by life I know what your thinking, surely it's not that good, surely it has tons of annoying reminders to buy something, surely it's just a gimmick by Old Mutual. How wrong you are, this is hands down the best budget appservice I have ever used. I'd pay a monthly subscription to use this.
Best app in its category By far the best app I have on my smart phone. Love the fact I can see all my finances in one place...brilliant idea. Already helping me to save and create a budget that's easy to manage.
Awesome app Smart, intuitive, easytouse. Any help with loans from other banks Al Baraka bank Also, would prove to see a feature to change transaction categorisation in bulk i.e. select specific or search transactions according to name or value and assign a category to all transactions within that criteria
Great apparent Love it simple and well thought out. I think the scope of the product is limited by one's imagination. I would love to see the app driving users to great deals and savings etc
