Excellent comic book reader cleanest, fastest, best supported comic book reader I've seen in the play store. I bought it because I was so impressed. well worth the price if you're an avid graphic novel reader and want to support this fantastic app.
Best comic reader yet Seriously great reader, visually the best available, usability is good, but I find the current absence of a doubletap to zoom function a bit frustrating. But don't let that put you off, brilliant reader.
Great App, annoying upgrade Since this app, and its free counterpart have exactly the same name and icon, installing the paid version after having installed the free version can lead to a confusing situation where you don't know which app to uninstall.  Yes, this is my ONLY complaint, and I think I may have picked a knit.
Great Program, hoping to see KitKat immersive mode enabled soon I always make a few tweaks in the settings after installing, like enabling the tap to turn pages and increasing the time required to bring up the menu. It would be nice if some of these were set by default, but the program works great once setup.   I'm really hoping to see the new immersive mode for Android 4.4 devices supported, along with a fit to length option so we can maximize screen usage.
Better than the competition. I've tried every comic reader on the Play Store and Komik wins flat out every time. Even with few updates it crushes other readers with its format and open folder support. Buy it
Lovely Fast, practical, works very well. I bought the adless version because I was that impressed. It wont disappoint.
Awesome, love the app. Even got the donation version just to be cool. Would love PDF support, but whatever, it's all good even without it.
Solid App You guys just need to monetize now. Don't give up.
Love it Works great for my personal collection. Wish it was optimized for nexus 7 giving you the option to hide the bottom  software buttons takes up room when reading on 7 inch screen
Absolutely love it Have been using it daily for years and finally decided to stop being cheap and donate Keep up the good work, I love this app
Please, take my money. Simple, clean, app. I love it
Good app Reliable and effienct to read your own manga.
Excellent except for immersive mode support Developer please add immersive mode support  in Android 4.4 KitKat.
The best komik reader for android, period. Excelent, and by the way....good move with the ads. xD
Comics Where do you usually get ask of your comics
Wonderful comic viewer A great app for reading comics. Very intuitive and efficient.
My favorite Comic book reader for android
Best clean comic reader... The app is clean and simple and doesn't try to do to much. Great app.
