Awesome app It works very nice with my corporate calendar. It synchronizes all the meeting information, attendees, location, .. incredible. Just install, create account and use in Google calendar. Thanks developer 
Excellent It syncs with Yahoo very well fir me. Just use the desktop login.
Works very well I needed something for work. This app deserves your money. It works very well. I have never had a problem with it.
Reliable, excellent app. Does exactly what is promised featurerich and nononsense UI.
Works perfectly Thank you, worth the dollars.
Works perfectly on my Samsung Note 5.
Works as intended Does what it's supposed to do.
Works well I'm using it with my OwnCloud installation, and it works perfectly. Synced up instantly after setup. Recommended.
Works flawlessly with OwnCloud calendar and tasks. Great work.
ownCloud ownCloud  CalDav  the dream
Works great Integrates my company calendar into Google calendar seamlessly
Perfect tool for the job Flawless operation and easy setup, what else can one ask for
Finally a client that works Couldn't get my Zimbra calendars to sync through a bunch of other apps, until I found this Awesome
Works great It really works great, and is very stable. Using it on a Samsung Galaxy S5 with a private calDAV server.
very handy works well  no need for external services like google  owncloud ftw
Perfect Does what it says it does woth no problems.
Best CalDAV around I've tried a lot of CalDAV apps and this is the best by far. I've been using it for few years now on multiple devices like the S4, S5, S6 Edge, Note 2, Note 3, Note 4, and multiple Samsung tablets and never had an issue. Worth every penny.
Funktioniert prima... ... auf allen Gerten die ich bisher hatte. Benutze es zusammen mit Owncloud. Vielen Dank an den Entwickler
Awesome app Works perfectly. Great options for low frequency battery saving syncing.
Great app Works perfectly with my Kolab server. Totally worth the money 
Flawless Works flawless on my owncloud setup
Flawless Works perfectly on all my family's devices. It's nice to be able to privatizelocalize our calendar, tasks and contacts.
Just the job Works perfectly across range of providers.
Provides the one missing link Great improvement in interoperability of an otherwise established standard. Something android should be shipping with. Can't praise he author enough for this neat piece of software.
Works great Easy to use. I couldn't be happier. Calendar setup is a breeze. Two way integration is flawless. Changing sync and update scheduling is simple and works well. I've had zero issues and no complaints.
Worked perfectly and easily Fixed my Go daddy calendar sync issues.  Syncs both ways now.
Perfect Workaround for Google Calendar's OneYear Sync Limitation I spent an inordinate amount of time trying third party calendars to see events on mobile that were over a year in advance for bookings and availability. Using the long term sync feature of this app saved me all sorts of grief Wish I'd found it sooner.
Great app, makes synchronization a breeze. Look no further.
As expected Does what it should do. Easy to configure, request no more rights than necessary, definitely worth the money.
