Awesome This is a sweet app It's so cool to be able to see through my phone's cameras. I can spy on my kids through the selfie camera unbeknownst to them while they play on my phone 
Work perfect on huawei watch...nice work dev ty....
Very useful At work, we test our helium system for leaks monthly, and this is the best way to check behind the pipes for bubbles
Excellent Clear image fast response. This could be my favorite app.
Excellent App Ability to turn light onoff stopped working after a couple of weeks but realised it was turned off on my phone   good stuff
Really usefull... Got locked out, could not for the life of me find the hidden VERY WELL HIDDEN key... remembered I had this app installed and it solved my dilemma perfectly... also helped to find some lipstick dropped under a seat... Now even my GF wants a smart watch....  Not really a lot that I find needs to be improved... Just a drone accessory would be nice flying Nexi of death
Really cool and actually useful. This is an app I thought would be silly but fun to show off with.  Suprisingly though I have had several times that it was very useful due to tight spaces. I like how you can rotate the image on the watch no matter what the orientation of your phone is.
Awesome Innovative and genuinely useful. More of this kind of thing please 
Better than Sliced Bread I bought this 5 minutes ago and have fallen in love. The camera fully autoadjusts focus, brightness, etc and appears on the watch.  The only thing that could make this better is better resolution on the watch, but since that's out of the Dev's hands, this app is awesome.
Great app Works just like it supposed too. Just wish you could tap the screen and it save a pic onto the phone.
Great app Great app. Just what I was looking for. This is a must have app for anyone that needs to be able to use there wear watch a a view finder the ability to use the led light and to be able to zoom helped me when I was working on my car. Thank you
Look Behind Simply stunning. I couldn't believe it would do what people were saying but it does Activate the app from your smart watch and see exactly what your phone camera sees. Amazing NB, note the app does not show up on your phone, find it in your list of apps on your smart watch.
Good application.  Does what it says.  I did notice that the app wouldn't show up in the app drawer at all.  Uninstalled Wear Camera thinking this would help and it did.  Once Wear Camera was uninstalled, lookbehind now shows in drawer.
No shortcut Updated old review.  It was just taking longer than usual to appear on my watch.  Everything works fine now and I really like this app. People love it when i show them.
Awesome Pretty fricking amazing, great picture quality on the watch too.. Would be nice for the take a picture by tapping screen feature.
I think this is why SmartwatchPhone pairs are great. Bought I almost as a joke, can already see many ways to use this Great job
Does what it says  very cool Works fine on my Samsung Gear Live paired to a Nexus 4 running Lollipop.
Just as it says Doesnt need rediculous permissions. Allows you to change the angle by 90 degrees at a time. Im using a nexus 5 and moto 360. This is going to pay off when i have to look at data jack numbers hidden behind desks and cabinets at work.
Sweet For work, hobbies  playtime. Works on my Nexus 5. Only used for a couple of days but so far it's the 1st app for my watch LG R  5.0.1 that I'm actually excited to have. Thanks Dev
