No frills but does it all It isn't much to look at but it's the most powerful file manager for root users, in my humble opinion. I love the simplicity of this app. There's no fancy animations   none of that material design junk to bog down the functionality or speed. If you want a powerful file manager that's functional  trustworthy for a rooted device, this is your best option.
Great A musthave app. Don't leave home without it.
My go to file manager... I have the pro version and I will admit I've even tried and tested other supposedly better because they're the newest latest and greatest but without fail I always find myself back here I highly recommend this file manager.
FTP Feature Hello there , is possible to add connect to FTP If possible then this apps will be the All On One solution for many people's
Still the best Still the best file explorer available. Been using since I first rooted my old DROID X.  My only gripe is that I would like to see a material design update to the ui.
Great, but probably needs a design refresh For folks who worry about MD taking too much space, there probably should be an option to swotch back to Holo, just like what Google did with its Asian language IMEs.
Best file manager made imo A must have app
Why software contains ad plugin It is terrible Wish remove 
Great big help since day one. Thanks developers
No comparison This is by far the best file manager out there. No one even comes close. Should have a 5 star rating those few people that have it a1 star most likely don't know what rooted means.
Great program. Allows access to all files. Even Sys files if rooted.
Had it for years Still be very best. All one needs.
Ignore the bad reviews One guy said, and I quote, Don't waste your money on this app, did not let me find the root of the problem.  Very disappointing.. If you don't know if your device is rooted then move along please. I've had this app since 2011 and everything's worked beautifully from day 1.
Still the best Does what you want and gets out of the way.
Works perfectly and has all options that I looked for.
solid app, reliable in all conditions I must admit it's one of my most used apps
Cool I do love the way this app allows us browse through our files intuitively
Could use material designnew icon, but functionality is great.
Still The Best.. Change icon into Material design please..
Works again on Marshmallow Thanks for fixing the problem with editing files with root on Marshmallow.
A must have if you're rooted
Great I've never had an issue with this.
Has been my go to file manager from day one 11.27.13  EXCELLENT work on fixing the slow .zip opening on KitKat Works just like we've come to expect from you. What else is there to say I use this app as much or more than any other. Worth every cent and much more
Must have Hands down a must have android app
Powerful Still the best. Wish for UI change.
The absolute best. Nothing beats Root Explorer. It is the absolute best for file management. Now  it just needs a material design makeover.
Much have for any rooted device
works great with android 6.0 now
The Best There is no comparison.  Root Explorer is the best file management application available.  A must have for any rooted phone.
It's the best file manager. More Material elements and some modernization would be nice to see. Working normally on rooted Android 6.
Android 6.0 Working great
Great app Life saver and very easy to use. Would give 6 stars if I could.
I love this app but your check boxes are impossible to use. I either hit the scroll bar or enter the folder. If you could move them off the scroll bar that would be boss.
Still the BEST The Best
