Works great Great app, works perfect and show  update info. User friendly and intuitive.
Awesome I enjoy using this app. I like that it works in other countries when I'm traveling there. It's user friendly, keep up the great work ya'll.
10 over 10 I rate this app 10 over 10 because it gives absolutely everything I needed. Its so up to date
Perfect Very interesting nd convenient apps to use.....Accuracy of currency is perfect and easier to use....keept it up developers...
One greatest app ever.. i m luving it.  Most helps us....
Great app The best part is the history of ups and downs over the last year.
Perfect news updates Thanks alot for the assorted news updates you provide helps alot. Keep up the good work. Please update your market graph  for the accurate time as it shows 2hr delay.
Use this App all the time I always found it interesting to see how the value of currency exchange is being affected. I do overseas orders and this is always good to have.
Easy travel Can get updates all the time. And a switches easily from one currency to another.
Travelling I use this almost every day.  I'm travelling in Costa Rica for 6 months and this is a great tool. Built in calculator is awesome too
Super It's working great but adds are irritating
Best app I have found This can do multiple currencies and is made for me. Perfect.
Excellent I like  because it keeps me updated
It's kinda really helpfull to me.
Very nice This app give what I need
Very good No more to say.
Does the job better than any app can. Great work
Sangat bagus Nilai tukar akurat
Awesome I can refer anywhere
Perfect app The real mccoy
Reliable Currency App Great job developer I like how accurate it is, and how fast works.
Great app Love it. Keeps me up to date.
Highly reliable app Whether it's for a rental payment, salary computation, remittance, etc. this app comes in handy.
Very nice app Very good application. Simple, quick, easy and reliable...
Light and powerful Nicely done Cannot fault this app at all
Very good Easy to use, clear, precise.           Congratulations, no faults. Greetings from Colombia.
Very Good Software
Vortex Awesome app.
JsnJ. Super Application
