The best app But need to improve in shade related options... it's tough to darken lighter images such as shopping mall bills, super market bills, atm slips, etc... because month by month they get changed into lite grey in colour.
. Everything works just great but this design  It doesn't match Android 5.x design, change it please
Easy and useful for me as a student no need to write anymore.
Nice n fast Made my records keeping Complete.
Awesome app We don't know when we will need a scan copy of our documents and it's not even necessary that you can get a xerox at that very moment. This app resolves all such problems of getting a scanned copy of such documents anywhere anytime. Really very helpful utility app. Must have for work related purposes and for more.
Nifty little app Best feature to me is how it cleans up the picture of a document to make it really legible. Next best feature is the ease of uploading the scans to other cloud services.
Very nice app a must have to replace scanner
A gud one Really really nice app
One of the most useful apps ever , practically
Total solution Its best for any documentation also total solution of office involvement
Brilliant Its a neatly updated app with a good UI. However, more work can now be done on the UI.
Very useful application for sales and marketing peoples.
Wowwwwwww It's an wonderful app for Android users... I love it..
Best app scanner I've used easy app to use. I can confidently scan my docs and put it away and retrieve it when I need it.
Best Scanner App Been using this for a long time and it never fail to amaze me how awesome this app is Highly recommended tool for digitizing your documents on the go
Very helpful This is the best organiser of your documents. A must have app.
Excellent Money saving Time saving......
Best scanner so far
Perfect Applicaci molt prctica
Brilliant app This app is one of the most useful apps i have on my phone
Thanks It's very and very useful thing
Great I use this app for everything Easy to use.
Very Good App I love this app. Thanks.
Good
Love it
Excellent Great mobile scanner and it keeps improving
Best document scanner Love this app...
Awesome Very good app
Up to my expectation
Great app. Love it.
Best app Love it
Very good app, this app like more then computer 
