Perfect in a Pinch I had a customer call at the last minute and he wanted a time lapse of an event in Downtown Los Angeles. I didn't have my camera gear,  so I suggested that we shoot it with the cell phone.   I took the suction cup GPS mount from my car window,  found an extension cord, and found some rubber bands to hold the phone on the GPS mount.   It took about 20 minutes to set up the gear AND learn the software. The shoot was a success
Full featured awesome sauce. More settings than you can shake a stick at, you're in for a vidja making treat the size of rad mountain.  Get it now chiefie, get in charge dawg
Awesome I have done some pretty awesome time lapses with this app Its sweet like pure cane sugah
love it The only thing.. Probably you guys are working on it, its the fact the with awesome render cannot run certain sound files... Also I would include more elaborate video tutorial.
Superb I was looking for time lapse software and found this. I tried the free version and loved the features. It is exactly was I needed If you are looking for a full HD, fully customisable time lapse program then look no more.
Not dropping a star for anything Since having this I've purchased a small tripod and adapter to attach my Note 4. Brilliant, so much fun and I get to bore my friends with my Lapse it videos. If you buy only one full app.....this is the one.
Brilliant App. I paid for the full version after confirming compatibility. It has a rich feature set, but is still simple to use.  I tried several apps, and either they didn't work well, or were poorly designed. This one is excellent.
Great app This app works excellent on my Droid Turbo and I was so impressed with it I quickly purchased the pro version. The app was flawless and the explanation you get when changing settings is outstanding and every app should take note.
Shows Android's true capabilities So many features on this app Works really well on my N6. Has after effects tools as well
Having spent years prior running time lapse on traditional camera setups, being able to get such high quality time lapse footage out of my cell phone has been incredible Running time lapse every morning is my new form of meditation and it's never been easier. 
Great app Enables you to make great time lapses, this is what smart phones are about.
Runs like a champ Anytime I have ever had an issue, the developer walked me through the fix. Top notch service
Time lapse at your fingers Great app for those moments that you wish that you were able to take multiple pictures to get the right one or a quick time lapse.  But you cannot control the aperture or shutter speed.. This is the only downside that i have found. Or maybe I am not doing something... Otherwise it works great..  Android lollipop is to be released Nov.12, 2014 at least for the Nexus family.
Most definitely worth every penny and more I am a professional photographer and have spent hours making time lapse videos.This application does it in just in minutes. I highly recommend this app
Great app Love the effects you can perform, from time lapse to slowing down high speed action. Worth the couple of pounds for pro.
Great for any time lapse I use this app for time lapses of just about everything I think looks cool. At first I thought it was going to be really choppy, but once I rendered it it was really smooth. I love this app. I'm definitely going to be using this a lot
