BEST MMORPG GAME EVER Love the game.The gameplay is amazing and top notch and the song is awesome and amazing.It is easily the best and amazing MMORPG GAME EVERKeep up the good workLove this game.Good job
Great game Very addictive. Great storyline and graphics havnt experienced any problems works well on both my tablet and mobile
Love this game Great gameplay, and graphics, awesome story so far. Great characters and battle scenarios
Really like it I like this game right now I really enjoy the lifetime of this game so far, keeps me coming back everyday.
Love ts really good only started today n love it
Wow I don't know  that we have to fight all the time
Fun So far I like 
Pretty good Not bad at all of a game rather enjoyable
Back to 5 stars Awesome game. Would definitely recommend both for free or pay players
If you like RPG, try this one This is a summoner type, action rpg with Final Fantasy type game play. But it has a few things to help separate it from the pack of similar games. It has nice graphics and music with an occasional cut scene here and there to add to the overall storyline. But there's a bit more to it than just questing so give it a try.
So gude Loves every second
Gets a two thumbs up ehh 
Fun so far
Hey Nice game
Great game 1010 This game offers a great experience and decent gameplay
Vary addictive Definitely a good game
Great I love it Just like I love all RPG
Super Awesome
Love it I love this game everyone should try it
Innovative
Good game
I kinda like this game only recently started to play it but seems oka..... so far I think the heroes could have looked cooler instead of cheap animals
Atlantica Online for mobile
Great Fun to play
Yup
Awesome game Everything from the graphics to the ongoing story This isn't something you play for a little while then get bored with. Instead the game moves a fairly fast pace without losing any of the story, and the characters make it even more interesting. I've easily had the game for several months now, and the story still has a long ways to go. If you like a well developing story, with neat characters and a nice looking world to play in, then this game is totally the one to go for
Awesome Game I love this game very addictive haven't had a problem at playing, no lagging and awesome prizes
Amazing No other words to say it. Just simply amazing. If you like wow you'll love this. Best mmorpg for phone hands down. Smooth and great graphics seems to run perfect no lag and ect. Id say the only thing id like or request in future updates would be a better camera options that isn't as touchy. Even with low setting. And idk i guess id like to see improved combat options. Like mobs will chase you and you don't haft to click on the mob to fight.
