Best Calendar App Ever Works perfectly, user friendly, and beautiful. Also has an extensive customization section where you can change font size, color, and has different themes.  I am also impressed with Customer Service as they responded quickly and fixed one small issue I had.  I recommend this app and don't think you will be disappointed.
Still have a problem to figures how change theme I love the calendar, is so helpful,  but I  cant change  the themes yet, I dont know if I miss somenting to do, because I got the full version already and still not able to do that. But other then that is great and worth it
Best Yet I have tried and purchased tons of apps like this however, I only approve DigiCal hands down.
Rock solid This is a rock solid app. So much better than the standard android calender. Love that I can show a calender list in transparency mode and still see the background behind. This is the last calender you will ever need. Thanks for the development of the app.
Could find a means to buy this Not afford, haha Ahhhh I love the app and now much more with the paid version
very clean..good support like PI2google cal  ....needs smaller time setting in widget
DigiCal is the way to go If you are looking for a well designed calendar app, look no more. The Android market is loaded with calendar apps but this one is far above the rest. Buy it and you will see for yourself.
Excellent app I've been using this app for a while now and can't imagine beeing without it.
After trying and buying several calendars with highest ratings on the store, this is my favorite. Support is just plain wonderful.
Completely satisfied This app does everything I need, so ... 5 stars.
1 Worth it. Simple, beautiful and functional. Specially the widgets. Different from any one in the market.
Love it, can you add Goto Today Button I absolutely love this calendar. Hands down my favorite after trying out and buying several propremium Cal apps. The one thing I'd love would be a return or goto today button as I sometimes navigate away from the current day in the widget and returning to the current month is challenging. Otherwise great work
Best Calendar app available. Clean and simple design with varying widgets which is why it's better than the others available. Consistently updating and improving. Would be ideal to have a tasks list and levels of priority incorporated into the calendar feature to prevent people from downloading a separate app, however this does the job.
