Not saving previous edits  UPDATE  form auto save became unchecked after last update.... My bad  Happy again.                         Just lost 3 days on my timesheet form also lost data on 4 business development forms What's going on with this app Saving edits to forms is so hit and miss now I can't rely on this app anymore.
Beter than the rest Really nice app.  Been using it for years.  For some reason lately on a oneplus2 it keeps forgetting where I read to in a mobi and keeps reopening on a previous chapter 
Have been using it since the beginning. Constantly being updated to add and improve.  Responsive developer.  Really great app
I love the annotation and the ability to export these annotations as notes. The bookshelf feature among others made this app well worth the money. I do a lot of reading and studying on my tablet and would recommend this app over all the others I've tried.
Just beat others viewer Just try it. Can you add more tts language Japanese, Korean missing or giving the option to use external tts installed please....
Fantastic options. It has been great. For years now I've used it to annotate my pdf files.  I absolutely love the amount of options for drawing and highlighting on my pdf files. And the customizable reading views and colors. It has everything you could think of for your pdfs.
Love that it reads pdf aloud. I can read huge reports now when I drive.
Force Close  Butter Effect Editing text box force close the app. Continuous scrolling is not smooth.
I love this App. I have never experienced a problem with this App. And I have used it over many devices and many android versions.
Been using it less lately But it is still feature rich and I like the UI. NOTE To connect to Google drive, click on the All PDF tab,  then Open from document provider. If you have Google drive installed, it will show up here, and saves perfectly for me.
One Reason I need top notch Text Reflow capability for reading pdfs. This app does it twice as well as it's nearest competitor.
Useful  Simple It's the BEST pdf reader that I've seen.
