Personal Time Clock I love this app. It helps me keep my work time recorded  with very little effort. I don't punch a time clock, so I am suggest to human error. It is nice to be able to check my time and compare with that check stub. You can also input your rate of pay, so you know the monetary amount you should get before deductions.
Handy as hell... Takes a little time to get used to and I'd like to see a few more userdefined options in the Pro version, but allinall, a fantastic app  I use it every workday and it makes my timesheets WAY easier to fill out, especially if I get lazy and don't fill them out until the end of the week.
Great app Just two features needed then it'd be perfect have shift times you can preset to fill in your schedule a lot faster ..I work the same times just on random days. And be able to see the shifts from all your jobs on one screenpreferably in a graphical weekly form.   But as it is now is very helpful to keep track of my random shifts. And love the notes section too.
App Best app for clocking in. Love new quick shift feature. Just wondering if there are plans to automatically clock in shifts like on a schedule and also mark pay cycles as paid.
Perfect This app is very nice to have as a personal logbackup in case you think your employer is jipping you. I like being able to see my own hours all spread out over two weeks too. I used the free version for two months and just purchased the full one to get rid of adds and allow me to create backups of the database. Recommended.
Bogski3 Great app no problems so far. Anyway I would like to suggest couple more options. First one is set shift start time so when you punch in shift starts 600 even there is just 555. No boss will pay for 5 min before shift.  Another option is break reminder alarm. As important as it might sound silly.
Well done and simple The impressive thing about this app is the simplicity and enough features to not drive you insane with complicated calculations and drop down lists. Straightforward, simple and very useful for those who want something easy and friendly. I absolutely love it and cannot wait to see what updates may bring.
Great work tracker This app was designed super well with enough options for most occupations. It's fast and easy to use. The best part is how easily you can display  and export your work  history.   Just a quick Email to your boss and he has your hours. Recommended for those who need something easy and user friendly.
Worth every cent I work as a handyman, I work weird hours so having this app to simply punch in and out is great. Very easy to just send in my time sheet in an email. Its the best
Loved it I love this app I have one suggestion, though. I am very forgetful and sometimes forget to clock in. It would be nice if I could go in and set the time I started working even if I forget to start the clock at the correct time. Great app, though.
Best timekeeping app so far I have tried several timekeeping apps but they were hard to use and lacked the features I needed. I don't buy apps often, but soon after I downloaded this one I purchased the pro version. The interface is easy to use. You can schedule breaks, commissions, your hourly pay. Just perfect for what I needed Highly recommend. Don't waste your time with other socalled timekeeping apps.
Exactly what I need As I promised, I bought the pro version. Thank you for fulfilling my functionality requests. However the erroneous one minute difference still exists. My work hours should always be 38hrs exactly. It usually reads 3759.
Great app I love this app... still haven't figured out if I can email weekly time to my boss yet but other than that it's  everything I was looking for. Also haven't been able to figure out how to delete a job.. that would be nice to be able to do. If anybody can help me figure out those 2 things that would be great.
Great hours tracking I do trust my boss but in this day and age you need to know what you're looking at before the end of the week.
Comprehensive but simple to use It's easy to use this app it's easy to read it's functional and after 56 weeks I'm finding it very very useful so I did upgrade and since then no ads and no regrets
