Best camera application This is my default camera app... Love it.. Must buy app
Excellent app for my HTC one e8
Superb efect.. worth to buy...
Soooo cooool
Nice but no autofocus. EDIT, Giving it a 5. No autofocus but filters are just awesome. Its a really nice camera app. Excellent filters. Just the set of features that I require. However , there is no autofocus. Having a laser in the back of the phone and not having autofocus is just not right. Using a One Plus 2. Please bring autofocus and I ll give it a 5.
Great camera app The effects alone in this make it a fun app but, those aside, the fact this will let you lighten videos that otherwise look too dark is a great asset. However videos is the one part I would like improved, can the dev let us choose what resolution we record in rather than simply high or low There seems no indication as to the resolution currently. It's not often I pay to unlock a full version, certainly of a camera app, but this was an exception, definitely worthwhile trying.
Best photo app out there Updates regularly, has a tremendous set of filters, looks beautiful, has a bunch of options and customizations, supports GIF  it has everything I need from this kind of app.
Cameringo Fantastic should be on apple store 2, better than overpriced adobe rubbish
Best Camera App for Nexus 6
Love it Very good apps
Good It was ggood now it is the best
Great As a pro photographer I have been searching for an app with a custom wb setting for quite a while and I finally found it. Very streamlined interface, crisp photos and a great macro shot make this the best in the app store by far Thank you for a great camera
Superb effects Best camera app ever i have seen, so many effects, consistent, gr8 autofocus
Need Camouflage Filter Make a camouflage filter for imagesvideo Great application
Great camera app.. Loved it but some imp features missing.. Please put the option of red eye reduction.. And to change ISO if its possible
best, worth the  for sure yeah yay yup yes sir whaddup wild wacky plus wizonky without doubt
Excellent camera app Far better than the stock Android camera..
Just repurchased this I recommend this to everyone .  Thanks. NOTE  I had some trouble with my new phone loading cameringo and the dev is so nice and awesome  he immediately replied and offered several trouble shooting ideas AND offered to refund full price, if it wasn't working so that I wouldn't lose . I've never had any problems with it and use it constantly.  Bravo dev  I'm happy
Good app Nice filters. But because of realize processing, the phone heats up.
Great all in one. Best editing tools out there. Great work peoples
Best photo app I love this app. It makes a boring picture come to life
Amaze Balls It's the best fun camera app. Plus real time application of filters while capturing video makes it really cool and precludes any need for video editor app on the phone.
Love this so much A lot of function and effects to shoot and also very easy to use.
