Decent comic viewer I like it, and so should you.
Brilliant Absolutely love the way it looks and reads. Hands down the best comic book reader out there.
Excellent Looks gorgeous and like the UI. The pageturning has been smooth and easy. Worth the  and easily a 5star app.
Amazing Best comic reader, period. I am a huge comic book fan and a reader app is one of the most essential apps on my phone. I have tried every one I can find and this is by far the absolute best, most beautifully designed comic reader available Gorgeous, super fast with all the essential functions needed. Great job dev, keep it up
This is the best looking comic reader I've found on android.
Awesome Best comic book reader on Android. Works amazing with all the comics stored in my Google Drive.
A very responsive developer. He resolved my only complaint about the app the day after I mentioned it to him.
Only problem I have with it is there's no option to indicate volume number
Best viewer in the store, period. This app has the best design, performance and ease of use available. And that's not even the best part, the dev is friendly and is always listens to what anyone had to say. Thanks for such an amazing app
Almost perfect. Love the look and feel of this app would switch over 100 if I could quickly pick up from where I left off. Keep up the great work.  EDIT Dev responded in a quick and helpful manner, currently reading section adds the functionality I was thinking of, adjusted to 5 stars.
Lightweight, clean and simple A great addition to the comic viewers out there. Keep up the good work
Best comic reader ever After looking for a comic reader that had everything I needed, I finally found one. Great app.
Great reader
Superior Comic Reader
Better than Astonishing Comic Reader So I had some issues with the app initially but this guy is on point. The developer cares. I guarantee this CBR reader is the best one on google play. Can't wait for future updates and I can't fathom how there are so few downloads.
Best comic viewer, period This is the comic viewer I have been waiting for Fast, lightweight, and Material Design Extremely responsive developer who engages with users. If you're looking to read comics on your tablet or phone, look no further than this app
finally Deffo best comic viewer on market but it would be nice if could group some of my comics into collections
Perfection This comic reader is the best one on android
Great app
Best one Developer is a really nice guy and this application is constantly supporting more apps and sources, 5  for sure.
Works great. Would be nice if I could delete old comics from within the app and be able to jump to the next one when done reading but it's not a deal breaker for me. EDIT looks like I can delete them from the app but I discovered this option on accident. Would make more sense if I held my finger on top of an item that it would show the more options menu.
Great but.. Needs a few more basic features before it's perfect.
Great start of a gorgeous app A great start for a material design comic reader. Currently doesn't have all the functionality of well established apps coming from ComicRack such as jump to page, page previews, folder grouping comics, etc. but the basic functionality works great.
Finally a great looking comic app that works well ComicRack was the app I used before because it was the fastestsmoothest but had an ugly gingerbread design Astonishing was good looking but so many bugs and the time it took to load a comic took ages This app has a great design and as fast as comicrack One request would be to use smaller cards for the comics because they're too big.
Awesome Such a great looking reader
Perfect Such a good looking reader. Can't ask for more.
