FAN FAN FAN Thought of it as a substandard app until i actually used it. No lags.. No stupid ads. No issues till date and im loving it. Dont mind paying for it. Can please add better minimalist themesunlike the current tacky ones..  Also the transitions can smoothen up, if possible. And if you can make volume access a lil less of a tap work, it'd be great... O yes THANKS FOR THIS AWESOME APP..  Kudos Long live dev
I wonder... 1.I wonder why i didn't found such an efficient application before. I was always looking out for such a application, as having a toucher is very useful.  2.i wonder why people here are hating this app. Loved the app, its  well built and comprehensive.
Theme suggestions Could u add a ben10 omniverse, and tom in tom and Jerry.  i know they r childish suggestions but i like such funny, cute thingsD 
Please Add These On Your Themes Hi SHEREWORKSHOP, Can you add ALDUB on your THEMES I would love it please  Iam using this app like 2years from now please give me this by special gift Please
Easy touch I love it easy touch... so i cn protect my power button. To get avoid damage to opening and locking my cherry phone so i rate 5 star Tnx
Cool Oh so cool i using easytouch
I would like to use. Ths very much Good and have nt give more work to button
I love it because my home button didn't work so I downloaded it. and it helps thank you very much
Awesome Gud app indeed.all the function are working gud till now.use this app bt u must be make sure about way of use
Great But you have to make the floating buttonl more responsive. Currently there is a minor lag while opening the panel.
Very excellent This ET is so very helpful, i like how it takes you from where you are to wherever you want to go, only concern is why does it drain my battery so rapidly fast, please FIX FIX FIX SHAREWORKSHOP PLEASE FIX, MY BATTERY DRAINS VERY FAST AFTER EASY TOUCH WAS INSTALLED   please fix asap,..  thanks for a great app
Amazingly Awesome App.. It's awesome and So convenient to use like the Button given in iPhones. And it has also amazing themes.. Woooowwww thanx a ton to the Developers.. Great Job.. 
Runs very smoothly D Very nice Great app Makes my work easy 
Noice noice U should have a link so u can root ur phone easily.
