The calculator I don't understand why is it so difficult to make a good calculator app. I have tried quite many and there is only one I have found good  RealCalc. After using it for a few years I have paid for the full version.
Free works fine, glad to pay The free app was so good, I felt like paying for it. Keep up the good work Sure beats hauling my HP 48g everywhere..
The best softwate calculator available. This is the best calculator I have ever used and I started with a slide rule. I've used Hewlett Packard andor RPN calculators all my working life. This has replaced them all. I use it every day on my tablet and phone. If I need to do any thing more complex I use a spreadsheet or Matlab. I only wish there was a version that ran on windows.
I am a fan of the old HP RPN calculators. I tried a number of different calculator apps before deciding on this one. RealCalc has all the features I actually need and use. It's very well designed and written. Simple, effective, logical, and highly usable. Recommended
Works great Been using the free version for the longest time. Getting the paid version through the promotion was a no brainer.
Simply the best calculator app available for Android. The free version offers everything I need, but I bought the full version in order to support the developers.
Finally, a truly great RPN calc for Android. First app I install on every device.  My only request would be for the addition of a productoversum key the one usually denoted by a  symbol.
A very real calculator It works like a charm for my business and personal use   I  highly recommend it
Like others have said used this calculator for years and it's great. Worth supporting the devs for this one.
Most usefull ever Works perfect on SGS2 easy to use and nice to save some extra constants. S5 also perfect...
Great Calculator I've tried over a dozen calculators and this one is the best I use it for everything unless I need a graphing calculator. Binary, hex, conversions, it's all here. Truly a great app Well worth the upgrade to the plus version.
Excellent calculator Used the free version for years, just wanted to support the devs.
My favorite app.. Reminds me of my old HP11c....Well done
Absolutely my favorite calculator app I simply can't do without it.
5,318,008 I'll be honest. The reason I initially got this app over the default calculator was because the immortal teenager in me wanted to type BOOBIES in the retro, 7segment display. But this app is actually really, really well made. It's got all the bells and whistles a math student needs with none of the bloat. Very customizable. No annoying garbage. Worth buying the paid version.
Best calculator I'd pay more for this... using it everyday. I have only wishes regarding UI allow changing of digits size on display font sizes. On small phone it's not well readable and on tablet its extremely big maybe the same feature would be good for button size, but it's not so important  or better allow some fn keys to have separate buttons, either as favorite keys section or  by presettable extended layouts.
Samsung Mega I buy calculator and get cellphone and the torch.  Love it
RPN's a Must If you use a calculator a lot for complex calculations, it pays to get used to RPN and this is the best I've found on Android. Supports copy and paste too. This one is linked on the first home page with the clock camera and flashlight.
The best calculator available. I have been using this for years and it is still the best calculator I have ever seen on a mobile device. Minor feature request I would like to be able to see the calculation history from the calc instead of having to copy paste it.
Walter Bohr Used it when it was free but had to buy real app too good as free even better bought version especially R P N calculator Keep it up Just wished could also be on Nokia Windows phones
One of the most essential apps Works awesome, couldn't live without it. After using the free version for a few months, I felt compelled to pony up to support the awesome work.
Best RPN calculator If you're a fan of RPN, this is the calculator for you.
Very Good This might be one of my most used apps.
This is THE best calculator available. The full version is a negligible cost. It does most of what I want programability would be nice
Thanks After several years, I finally bought this app, not for the extra features but to support this awesome product.
Very very good I have used this app for 2 years and it has never let me down. I would not want to be without it. Kudos to the author. I bought the upgrade just to sayThankyou
Best calculator on the Play store Well worth the price, I use this for my college courses and work projects every day.
Amazing I used this app in a meeting, and the other engineers couldn't believe it was a phone and not a real calculator. One is considering getting an Android phone instead of an iPhone just for this app. Bought it to support the developers. Astounding.
Great Calc app I just upgraded because I really like this app. I didn't need more features, I just wanted to show support
The Calculator Have used it for ages.  RPN of course.  Just works.
Does all that I want and nothing that I don't
BRILLIANT Great calculator and love the feature of being able to select RPN.
