At first I was disappointed with the new UI but it grew on me and it is fabulous. I would like to not lose my regional settings on each update though
I've owned one of these since they first came out and I would be lost without it. Now I have the ap on my cell phone, what a great life I have. I like the extra features too.
TheLittleBroker Great app. Very happy I dont have to carry a separate HP10b calculator with me.
Very well made. As a fellow developer  bravo. Really nice application with tons of features and polish. Worth every penny.
Finances Perfect app for calculating annuities and projected rates of return
steve J Perfect real estate app
Great ap Been using this for years and like it.  There have been two recent updates, the first caused a few glitches for me, the second update fixed those soon after, the developer seems quick to adjust.  I would still like more of a visual improvement to the keys.
10bii I am a financial advisor who has carried s HP 10bII for over 10 years.  Now I have one in my phone that does even more than the one in my brief case.
New Layout is not good I love this app and use it all the time, but the new layout is horrible
Amazing app that looks great I love this app and use it all of the time  Love the new sleek modern look to the app too  Just as reliable as the real 10bii, but easier to usee.g., uneven cash flows with more helpful features e.g. amortization charts and cashflow diagrams.   Would not know what to do if i did not have this app because I would literally have to carry around a calculator all day. Highly recommend
Best Financial Calculator Thank you so much for the quick response The new look works and feels much better on my pad. This calculator is as important to me as my flashlight  Real Estate investors know what I mean I would really be lost without it
Awesome app Good job guys The best and only financial calculator Cool new update but mine crashes when I choose to unlock 10 FEATURES option
Changed how it looks...don't like the new look. Now the screen looks too crowded and compact.
EXCELLENT app  Been using it for more than 3 years now.  Never had any problems.  I would be lost without it.  I hardly ever use my real 12B calculator, I prefer the app  Thank you for a SUPER app
Works as promised Thanks to the great reviews I purchased this app over the hp hard version.
Better than the real thing Great financial calculator. Does what you expect plus more, eg amortisation tables
Awesome One of the first apps I downloaded because I use it for work and have never been disappointed. I've made several people still on their 12c jealous.
This Is Great I really like this calculator It operates just like the regular one. Cheaper to buy this app than to buy the actual calculator.
Love this app.  Won't turn you into a math major, but it's super useful.
Excellent I have recommended this calculator to colleagues and clients. It keeps getting better. If you ever have to make financial decisions and want numerical evidence for your decision, GET THIS APP
Good as the actual calculator I used an HP 17b at university in the 8090's and then bought a 17bii about 6 years ago. They're brilliant but I leave my calculator on my desk but carry my phone everywhere so this excellent app means I can still have the same functionality all the time including in meetings etc.
Best 10b app available Yes,  this is easily the best android 10 b app on the market.  I'm a commercial mortgage banker and use it daily.  The history tab saves a ton of time.  Registry values eliminates potential mistakes.  Great responsive support from customer service. It's perfect. Thanks
Great tool
Great app. Better than my physical calculator
Ok thanks
