Tricking the system This app was awesome when I had a weekly income..but I stopped using it when I lost my job and we went to hubby's monthly pay. Then I worked out I could make the weekly budget 1cent and add and carry over his pay Voila Problem solved... but a monthly budget app would be awesome. . In the meantime you remain my favorite and most essential app to get through a month and not run out of money in week three Thank you
Edit fixed Edit the lastest update move the settings button so it is S5 compatible now Thank you       Does not work on my galaxy s5, worked great on the s3 but now there is no menu button so I can't personalize anything. Please fix It was great before
Easy and effective This is a simple budgeting app. It is easy to usevery intuitive.
Very helpful I use this app weekly and refer back to it often to keep bills and accounts under control
Great liitle app Nice way to keep track on weekly spend.
Basic but great Very helpful to manage family budget. Support very good when I had a question.
Very useful It's a great simple way to track your spending
Great App I love this app , been using it for a few years now . Would be great if you can release weekly budget  for android. Would be nice to have 2 weeks instead of 1.
Excellent app This is a great way to track what you spend with cash or cards This app has a very clean interface and has the key info right on the main screen. There are many different categories to pick from and even an option to make your own custom categories Definitely worth the 1 from your budget to help you mange the rest. Also, this app has great tech support and got back to my email in a timely fashion with answers and advice. 5 stars
Great simple tool Simple, easy, fast. Great budgeting tool It has helped me keep track of my weekly spending. This app is for anyone who wants a simplistic way to see where your money is going.
Brilliant Does exactly what I need it to. I should have got this years ago. It's kept me on track with my budget by getting to see exactly what I'm spending and what I have left. Spot on.
Excellent Great, simple way to track what you spend. As a poor student this app comes in so useful as it tells me what I've saved at the end of the week so I can put it away for a rainy day. Couldn't ask for a better app.
Simple and easy budget tracking This app is great. Set what you know you'll be spending in a week and enter every purchase, simple You'd be suprised at how money saavy you become when you know how much you have left to spend  worth the purchase Also, I work with fortnightly pay, so just halve what you know your budget would be for that period  fortnight dilemma solved.
Excellent App. FINALLY this is the only weekly app I find to manage my budget. Absolutely great. Easy to use. I love it  Track your spending yall. Maybe you will stay away from over budgeting
Great Pretty great app. Simple and straightforward with nothing unecessary to bog you down.
So easy to use Love it. Simple to.use. great app for tracking weekly expenses.
Keeps my money going where I want Great for those conscious of their financial choices
