Fantastic tanks..... Superb game wow great animation, weapons,music and every thing ...... I request you all please download this .........
Nostalgic game Grew up playing this game with my brother in our PC. Thanks for bringing this to play store. Happyyyyy D
They could not have done a better job Exactly like the old pc game
Fantastic, addictive fun. Great fun little game that keeps on growing. Good for when stuck waiting, but always want to play another game.
One of the best One of those jewels on the Play Store. Free to get doesn't force you into buying anything, but you feel like you want to buy few if you play long enough. Local WiFi could be a little bit more stable, but very much fun have bought stuff probably will again. This is how games should be.
Mfw I've played this game since middle school. I've loved it for as long as I can remember. But now that I've gotten good, I've noticed the AI, at times seems to be... Well... Retarded. Like, seriously lacking in some mental faculties sometimes. Burying itself, catapulting away just to land 2 inches from where it was, misfiring the, GAMMA BLASTER, RAILGUN, C'MON Love it though.
Love this game I love this game but it would be nice if there was some way to talk to the other players also would be nice to see what country they are from other than that 5 stars  also any one thinks they can take me on send me a invite zombienick83 oh yea its worth it to buy the Deluxe and the weapons packs it will be hard to win online with out them.
One of the best I ever played I love this game it's graphics are not that nice but it's simplicity is the best and the sound effects are awesome 
Super old pc game. Love it It's a simple single or double player. N. nonsense adds. Just play. Love it
Brings back memories. Would like tracking of number games played agsinst what level computer opponent. If playing and you quit game, goes as loss. I wuit when i know i am screwed.  Other than that, great fun.
Reminds me of tank wars way back when Do scanned mountain graphics for the earth.  Great fun, add paid version to play store rather than than an in app upgrade only.  Nice work
Time pass game it's excellent I'd this game on computer but suddenly deleted it I m now excited to play again on mobile phone Its my free time pass game
Oldie but goodie I remember playing this game on the computer when I was like 13, almost 10 years ago.  So glad I can enjoy this game wherever I go and whenever I want  Thanks
Add new feature Add Bluetooth feature through which we can connect our phones without using any internet connection cause sometimes phone loses internet connection and spoil mood of the game. Through this feature we can save our precious data 
I was going to download smash hit it sucked you can only start at checkpoints in premium version of it they need to fix your game is way better
I found my childhood game again I remember playing Pocket Tanks when I was about 6 years old. I'm an adult now, but I still remember the nostalgia I felt all those years ago
Superb I used to play this with my family on our pc. Glad its now available in Android. Hopefully new weapon packs will be made available soon..
Great game Lots of fun, just as I remember it from years ago playing on pc. Only thing I'd add is chat in the online multiplayer.
Amazing game Good game with simple controls. I don't get bored at all playing this game .awesome
Muliplayer It would be so awesome if it could be online mulitplayer with friends I SO MISSED THIS GAME
Glorious The game is phenomenal Just superb, it's so amazing, I'm just insatiable with such an amazing game I played this game years ago on my old ipod and I still can't get enough of it Please don't stop making updates and adding more weapons, this game is definitely worth 5 stars
Awesome nostalgia I use to play this game back when i was young and now its on the phone just the same as i always remembered.
