Great App I really like this App and find it very useful. The updated UI took a bit of getting used to but at least I've still got my exercise history. Two things I would like to know  1if I changed from Android to iPhone, would I have to buy the App again 2if I changed from Android to iPhone could I transfer my exercise history
Best of the best I've been following Mark Laurens exercise program for two years now. It has completely transformed my body AND my life. Coupled with a healthy diet I lost over 80 lbs. At first I could do one pushup without falling on my face, now I can do 65 no problem...with consistency and full commitment everything is possible The program also has such variety of exercises that you won't get bored and give up. DO IT You won't regret it.  Ps plus 2.99 Come on Doesn't get better
The app and the support behind it are really commendable  I've been using it for a while and the app itself is very, very good.  What I'm really impressed with is the support staff who have responded to 2 reports of problems for me over the last couple of years.  They have investigated the problem very quickly and and fixed it up very soon.  So cannot say much more about please I am with this app
Incredible No more wasted time driving to the gym. The perfect exercise app. Great compliment to the book. Give it a go.
Love the app Edit  the app works like a charm A part of my daily routine now Revising rating to 5... Love the new look and the new options.. Except the new stuff is broken.. The guided workout works but the quick workout section is broken.. No matter what you do the timer does not change from the default of 2 mins even though before the workout starts it shows the time as what you have selected.. Pls fix this cuz with that this is an undisputed 5 rating
Amazing integration Great workout. Hard but fun somehow. Addicted already. But had to modify and that's okay with my fitness level.
Best rapid result It's not a bodybuilder program ,it's to be fit and stronger than ever you have been befor .Thank you Mark Lauren.
Stunning application after Updateing the application restart the phone and enjoy otherwise you will have problems in operating
The  perfect complement for  the YAYOG book. The only feature missisng would be to be able to add your own excercises to the library. Otherwise, flawless
great saw u in kawater TV show with               mr ahmad al shegaire couple years ago . Thanks for helping people get healthier
Great Love it. Best one out there, but would like a little more explanations of what all the times and repetitions mean. Additionally i would like to get notifications on my phone to remind me that i have to work out today.
All working excellently Just coming to the end of the Beginner 10week programme and loving it.
Bought the book Bought the book, which explained some of the reasoning and science definitely recommend Got the app because I was traveling.  Stayed with the app  I still recommend the book...great investment in the mind preparation and for continual learning.  It enriches the experience and we'll worth it, in my opinion.  Thank you for the wonderful service you provide
You are your own gym Great app
Phenomenal app  two thumbs up
Best workout app ive ever tried. Definatly worth the money
Brilliant
Amazing app Loving the updates
Much improved since last time Great app
Great workouts, great app
Nice Good
Very well thought out.
Awesome app but... Awesome app but Im definitely not a fan of the new light theme update Can we please have an option to toggle between light and dark Also, any users whose video stopped working with the new update, just reset the phone and its all good 
