Powerful and easy to use Great photo editing tool
Great app  I love this app on my Medion  Lenovo Tablet. Quick and precise. FULL 5 STARS. Easier is almost not possible. Would love however that one could name the pics while saving and also, that a bigger quality of the pics could be saved, then only 1600pixl. Maybe in the next version ...  Please go on with this wonderful app.
Best ever I have tried a lot of paid and free editors but all failed but this one is a miracle in its own. Good work developers. Keep improving. I found a bug in greenery when i opened first time it really turned green specially grass but when i opened second time it was same option but effect was not the same it turned yellow instead of green
Awesome This free version makes me regret dumping 4.99 on Facetune. 10 times more features and erasing objects out your pic is the best of them.
Timeagain proving its utilities, thanks. V.veryUseful luv it,Top of the world, kudos my heartiest congratulations.
Finally An editor tool that lets me remove stuff from my pics  Like snow, weird shadows  such. Also waaaaaay more effects, brush options, borders,  stuff I'm not even sure of but I can't wait to figure it out
Very good If this app could straighten photos, it would be the only app you ever need. The removel tool is excellent, hdr is good. Well worth installing though.
Favourite editor Love this editor. Simple to use, has quite a few options for it being free, and works like a charm Definitely my favourite and first choice when I edit my pics Keep up the good work
Awesome app  No words for this app I loved it. so awesome  A grand salute to cyber link .com very nice app
The only app on my Android, I love. I have recommended this beautiful app to every friend and relative. It's the most desired app among us all. Go for it and it won't disappoint you. No adds, handy tutorials, loaded with lots of fun and tools, good quality and beautiful results. It genuinely deserves five stars. Install it and you won't need any photography app.
Filled with great options. This fun  enjoyable to use app beats PhotoSuite's app hands down. I'm switching to this app as my default photo alteration program. It gives you directions ON SCREEN with a ghost screen that you can see through. It is easy to learn how to operate. It is a bit of a large file 47.85 MB right now, but it's not overwhelming, it is worth the space. Give it a shot. D
One cool app This app is so cool Love the different types of cool frames and holiday season thems
Excited Never seen anything like tis before...more number of options in a single cup..loved it
Superb app Add some more frames, the interface looks a bit outdated, but the app is amazing, update the design with some material design.
Best one Its amazing it even the worst pic from the worst camera look good,  honestly I'm glad this app exist and it being free makes it better . Keep it up
Love it I've used a couple different apps which I love but this app has everything in one app that I before had to download multiple photo Apps to get. I love all of the editing options and extras including frames ect. I definitely give it 5 stars. I also Ile the remove tool I have an s6 and they don't have that option on here. I really have nothing bad to say at this time I haven't had any problems with the app and ran into no bugs Completely satisfied 
Best experience Easy and powerful,  alowing the most amazing editing
Powerful and easy to use Ordinarily don't think much of mobile photo editing apps, but this one used pretty good.
Love this app This is a wonderful app. I enjoy it so much. So many options. Just keeps getting better
Great App This app is awesome Lots of features Easy to use. 5 Stars
Awesome There are 3 apps I simply MUST have on my phone and laptop at all times, and Photo Director is one of them. LOVE the Remove feature, especially I wish they had a Erase Dark Circle feature and more detailed portrait editing tools...but I LOVE this app
Amazingly app, very user friendly Love it more then ones I've paid good money for.
Wow Cant stop wont Stop, CyberLink you are the best in the mobile world. Just another great app.
Photographer Love this app. When I need to delete my date stamp on photos I use this. Will be going to the premium soon. Thank you
Just great Lots of ways to edit your pictures and it is great good quality
Favorite app on my tablet. I do tend to lose sense of time as I'll think, Oh, I'll just edit this one pic for now. Yeah, right. I do agree that being able to name your pics would be the one improvement I'd make. I show this off to everyone.
Great photo editing app Lots of creative options but not too tacky like some. A great diversion to edit with and some great results
Best instant photo  editor This is so far the best after so many apps I've tried.
