Great user agency Customizable and modular which is great for hectic and busy lifestyle but I wish it worked with my chromecast
Great to mix up your workout Keeps me guessing and helps me push through the hard moves waiting for my favorites.
Outstanding app I loved the lite version so much I had to buy the pro. The value and time saving you get from this app is superb.
Best fitness app on Android Interface is sometimes a little clunky. Would be great, if it used Android's standard animations, transitions, buttons etc. with material design.
It starts with just 5 minutes... So clever and beautiful way to help tired and busy people like you and me to try... well... at least to start think, that frankly it is not so hard neither so time consuming to try some sport at home. It is pretty cool fitness app, very elegant and friendly. And yes, it really will cost you just 5  minutes, but when you start you will wish to continue. No more excuses to not be healthy and feeling good
Brilliant Can't fault, was on lite version now gone pro. Thanks for the recommendation Phillip Soanes
Great workout app You have the power of workouts in the palm of your hand.
Great app. Unlike most exercise apps, I actually use it
Great app Has enough exercises to keep you from getting bored but is simple enough not to overwhelm you.
Love it I like how you can make your own exercise lists, but i think you need a button to add more time to your workout.
Probably the best there is I just bought the app because of my lower back pains caused by prolonged sitting and very limited flexibility. The stretching exercises are effective at releasing my lower back and abdominal tension. Will keep using the app.
Awesome Someone at the gym showed me this app... very cool
Martial arts workout needed I like the app a lot and wish I had more time to play. I'm looking forward to a martial arts workout to improve my Medieval fencing. Especially exercises to improve all kinds and combinations of mobility on the feet, duck and jump would be great. This doubles as the perfect legs workout.
My home and private gym To set the limits and increase gradually gives so much ease to any training programme. Can't fault this app. A must for fitness training at any age.
Works great Just started using it and so far so good.
Excellent. This brilliant app is so easy to use. Love it.
Great app This app is very user friendly and has hundreds of exercises to choose from. I like that I can set up reminders and earn medals and rewards  points. I can pick cardio, stretch, yoga or customize my workout. It syncs up with MyFitnessPal which is a plus for calorie counters I see myself using this app a lot because it is basic, hasslefree  easy to start up and start in on building healthy habits. Thanks Sworkit
Anazing, best app on the market.
Keeps on working Unlike other fit apps I've tried, Sworkit stays simple, clean and productive. Great job
Awesome Even the Free one rawks
Nice A really great apps, help me to achieve my fitness goal, i hope you consider to create more variation or program for specific goals
Nice Update Thanks D
