Best editing app out there I use this app along with watermark to make unique pictures for my Instagram. This app foes everything. Highly reccomend the paid version.
THIS APP HELPS ME MAKE DANK MEMES I've made some pretty funny stuff using this here trusty app . this app will get the job done .
Update makes for a clean App. the best app out there for any editing needs. awesome. Evo 4g                                                          Edited 10212015  Still a Superior app for any editing needs. I still find myself running back this app because there is no other app like this one.NEXUS 5
Useful and powerful This app remains the most frequent used photo retouch app I use for the past few months. After I have updated to lollipop, the text effect would change my words into Korean Japanese. This bug is partially removed in the recent update. The English is fine now, but the Chinese still with problem. Wish this can be fixed soon.
Favorite editor for GS3 I do miss the UI of the older version. The new one is bulky and clumsy. But I love this editor, been using it for years and I can pull off amazing things within it that have a professional flair. I recommend it to anyone and everyone.
Still my goto editor Yeah,  it's got the goofy stickers and fun stuff. But it's also loaded with powerful editing that even Photoshop Express mobile doesn't have. With masking tools  in particular,  I love the simplicity,  the sample thumbnails and above all, the price. After 5 years,  it's still number one.
As i stare into the abyss.... I get bothered from something in my mouth. It's something stuck in my molar and it wont go. Why must it trouble me at THIS time Why oh piece of food must you bother me But alas, as my tounge wrestles it, it falls off. And i eat it. That is what this app is. That piece of chili chip that reminded me of my loving meal.
amazingbut can you add a collage maker so I don't have to download another app lol
FONTS  SHADOWS PLEASE I have been using this app for almost 4 years for professional purposes. I have made 3 company logos, flyers, edit pictures, made watermarks and so much more. Its a great investment. All I ask for is more fonts and some shadows.... PLEASE
Best photo editing app I have had this app since I had the first Android phone ever the TMobile G1. I paid for it back then and it's STILL getting updates all these years later. Buy this app it's seriously awesome.
Absolutely fantastic. This is, by far, the most fantastic photo editing software I have ever used on my android device. Worth every penny. Excellent features, easy to learn. Insert pictures within pictures, and I can do it so well that no one can tell how I do it. Makes you look forward to editing photos, it's addicting. Excellent results. Had this on my Samsung galaxy S3, and now on my LG G4.
One of the best... Still one of the best photo editing apps available hands down. I don't buy many apps and I paid for this one years ago and I'm still using it. Nice to see them finally update it again
Simply the best This is the best mobile android photo editor. Haven't tried any others, why,  because I don't need to. This has it all It's like Photoshop for the phone.
The best by far As a landscaper, this is very useful.  I can do virtually any mockup photo I want. Take a picture, screen shot and photo edit pictures perfectly, with a little practice it's easy to use.
Awesome App I do most of my digital painting on this app  there's really nothing else like it out there.
My go to photo editor I have used this app since forever. It's still my go to app for photo fun and editing.
Go to app This has to be my all time best buy on the play store and the app I use the most. Top marks
Love this app I would love to add realistic raindrops to some of my photos. I've seen that with a couple of other apps, but have no other reason for downloading another app. This one is pretty close to perfect. I wouldn't mind seeing a few more stickers. Thanks for being the best photo app on the market I see some asking for more fonts. There is one by Kimberly Geswein and one by Dieter Steffmann, both free to use with PicSay. I love the one by Dieter Steffmann and use it more frequently.
Amazing results Had some really good results for t shirt designs and by far the best app for pics I've ever used   Is is possible to have a variable crop for changing perspective when inserting pics so the shapes can be made in to other shapes when placed or a,low post insertion manipulation to follow design etc
Good job dev  Aplikasi paling asoi untuk 'mempermalukan' teman di setiap chatting grup ehehehehhe 
Best Pic Editing App Out There If I want to edit and send a pic to any other app out there, it will. Messenger,  Facebook, Twitter, pinterest, text messages and even email I've tried so many and this one has out stood them ALL  I've used it on the S2, S3, S4 and now the S5 
Pretty Impressive This app doesn't disappoint you. I recommend you to buy this app.
Have kept this app thru 4 phones Have used this on HTC and Nexus 4, 5  6. Good for my needs. Easy to use. Hasn't crashed. What more could you ask It's the only dedicated editor I have.
Great app Can't think how many photo editing apps I've tried and tested, and I keep coming back to this one. It has every feature I can think of, suitable for camera phone images. Thanks for not constantly updating I like it the way it is BTW, I'm a retired semiprofessional photographer.
New update Love the new update. It returns my previous edited pictures.
Great Simply worth of every coin Of course it's not photoshop but it's best for android and has so many great features.
Hope you add more effects Still a great photo editor wish it also did blemishes etc....
