Great app. All it needs is a menu button on the accounts page so I can add more than one account with my lg g4.
Does what it says Wish I had all the money I spent on others that didn't work..... I love it and use it everyday
The free version rocks I am not a CPA or a teller or a banker... What I am is an average consumer that wants to know my balance after spend X amount of dollars. After seeing that I needed the pro version to add notes etc I decided to give it a shot but I did wait and use the free version until I was 100 satisfied with, which I am.
Love this checkbook I just purchase the app.  I have been using the beta one forever and love it.
Outstanding This is without a doubt the best checkbookbudget app available in the Android Market. It is simple, yet covers all my needs, and is very intuitive.
Simple and user friendly 5 stars easily. Only fault is there is no way to sharesync across devices. Which is sad because not having that one feature will be this great apps demise. ' Dropbox, Drive, cloud etc Would ensure your longevity and probably double your users. There's my 2 cents. 
BEST APP EVER I  love this app I used to have to keep balances in a book and this saved me time and OD fees. I post transactions right away. No more keeping receipts and trying to remember to post them at home. Simple format and easy to use.
Awsome App  Worth Having I am a actual buyer and I really like this app. This is an AWSOME app a must have for people on the go like I am and dont have time to balance a checkbook. Update Going on 4 years with this app  still use it to this very day. Well worth having. 
Superb This is my new favorite app  I used to balance my accounts with a speeadsheet on my device. This does a much better job,  and a lot easier too. Thanks                    Since moving into a new device Galaxy S5 with no menu button. Simply hold down the recent apps key located to the left of your home button. When you release it after a brief hold, the options pop up
Droid Razer Excellent app. Worth every penny. Simple and easy to use. Does what i need without the clutter. Good for checking accounts as well as shopping cards.
Love this app. I have been using this app for over a year and can not do without it.   I have tried others since but have stayed true to this one.
Easy to use Been using free version as checking account register for years.  Bought pro version as a THANK YOU to developer.
