Downloaded For only 20 minutes and I'm already addicted. Definitely recommend this game                                                    WARNING  Highly Addicting
Better than my veggies. I am addicted to this one and the second one as well. Better than spinach any day...not near as gassy neither. Just sayin.
Excellent learning curve Pros Various difficulties, excellent learning curve, great word choices.  Cons  no WAN ready matchmaking and can't hide current finds for better view of puzzle
Word search Love the game it times all levels to show how long it took to completely find all words, I'm sure one could turn it off in the settings I like having it timed. Great time spending game.
Achievements Ive been playing easy setting for 10 minutes. I have unlocked achievements as I go. I got an achievement for finishing a puzzle under 24 seconds. Then l made it my goal to get one under 20 seconds. A few puzzles later, I solve one in 19 seconds. No achievement... and not a bigger xp bonus for each second faster
Lots of fun Great game. I just downloaded it, and I am having lots of fun. Only one problem,  don't play this game if you have business to take care of. You will lose track of time.  Lol
Relaxing Like any other Word Search, this game is awesome if you need to wind down from a stressful day or if you just want to relax.
Very addictive I love how there are other languages available, it would be great if there was a link to a definition of a word if not understood
Addictive The game reels u in Auth the easy puzzles first. U zip through those cinched until u get stuck on the hard one. Love it
Really enjoying it. The ads are nothing... you can enjoy the game and they just do there thing all small at the bottom of the screen, its got easy medium and hard so you can practice and get better and work your mind.
Can't knock it I'm not the biggest crossword puzzle fan, but this app is addictive from novice like me to a pro
Highly Obsessive It just makes you want to press next again and again, I could go for hours doing this.
Funtastic Great game keeps me busy when my nights are slow being that I work the night shift.
Great, Quick  Fun I love word games. This is a great way to get in a single quick word find game or relax with a bunch of games.
Wow This game is great Never glitches, no annoying adds, it's just amazing everyone should have this brain exercising game
Smooth and ADDICTING I love the simplicity of just drawing with my finger to find the words and already after downloading I have been playing for 30 mins I am NOT a game player so this must be a good game.
I love this game Because since i was 9 is when i stared doing word search and i loved it very much i never stop playing word search games
Great Clocksucker I love it  It is great for killing time, you can play it easy without even thinking, and I like the timer.  That makes it even more fun
Super great I am addicted to this game I love word searches and I've actually tried to find other apps, but they all sucked,but this one doesn't suck I love how it has the easy,medium,and hard mode The bottom line is that it is awesome
Excellent Easy to play and really fun. The game really improves focus and your ability to recognize patterns. It's a great way to cure boredom without feeling like you're wasting time or letting your brain rot.
Addicting This is a very addicting game I've had for 10 minutes and I haven't stopped playing yet thanks for the game great job
Awesome Relaxing Game Great game. No glitches. Simple yet challenging. Love the timer. Great to help my little one learn to spell and recognize letters but challenging enough to keep myself entertained.
Awesome game At first, I didn't quite understand what the different packs meant, but they're all different, and you can pick the size  of your puzzle, which I've never seen before, or been allowed to do. All over, I love it
Awesome This game is a lot of fun. It's very addicting after a while and its actually helping me remember things. Which is an extra bonus. My competitive part of me tries to beat my previous time every time. The only thing I would have to say I would like to see changed is the way the words are mixed up. If you play it enough you will see that if you go in order with the words the next word in line has to start in the same row or below. But overall I love this game.
Straightforward and simple...yet very challenging I love that it works well and is easy to use. I also really like that there are a lot of levels where i can gradually work myself up in difficulty.
Bored no more Easy, fun and a great way to spend limited downtime.
This app is amazing I love this app it has three levels easy medium and hard and I love how it challenges you with your eyesight spelling and literacy I can play this game for an hour straight without getting bored
Quick enlightening fun. A classic game that doesn't make me feel like I wasted any brain cells or productive time.
