Photo grid collage I really liked this app It was easy for me to make cute and fun collages and slide shows and much more I would recommend  this app for creative  ppl out there ty for making this app ty so much. The only thing I don't like is how u have to download so many apps just for better stickers
Dr Rajesh Ahal It makes presentation of cases very easy and appreciable. Best is one can get standardisation in the same without the need for editing the pics. The only scope of improvement is that the grid choices be enhanced or allow one to customise the grids and save them as per user requirements.
Very Good Editing App WeIl Improved UI and it's more easier to edit compared to other photo editing apps. It has lots of varieties to edit a photo. I liked the Instagram fit mode which solve my problem in Instagram which only can fit half of my pictures. This app is definitely a must download app for newbies and professionals. Mirror effects should be added, undo options and set image as wallpaper Comparison between original and edited pic options is also useful
Love it I made a really sentimental photo video slide thing of a bunch of pictures of me and my best friends and it made them cry , in a good way lol. I love it
Love  Love Love  Best picture collage app I've ever used. Very easy to use, many filter options I love it.
I LOVE IT SO MUCH. 
Love it a lot Just add some more options in it just bluffing it is the best everything is Free so cool and wonderful app whoever has created it must be a genius bestttttttt
Speechless Nothings will be cooler than this. Even winter can't beat this..wow..keep on changing our daily lives... Thank you
User friendly I love this app it's very simple to use 
Southern Hemisphere I love this app, but as someone who lives in the southern hemisphere I don't need nor want to decorate my photos with a Fall theme.
If you're looking an app for editing your pics and videos for your social media let me tell you this app is great and very multifunctional
Love it Hands down a great app. I love it. I would love it even more if were a beta tester lol.Seriously it is great.
Awesome I have been using Photogrid for years now. It's a must have mobile application if you want to jackup your photos before printing or sharing. Cheers
It's so amazing I made a picture for a profile picture to my Facebook account I hope they like my profile picture 3
Love I love this app, but I wish there were some updated and cuter backgrounds.  There haven't been any new backgrounds since February.  I want some for every holiday....and more updated ones
Photo collage I always use this app and this is one of my favorites since freshmen year. You should defintely download it
Great cropping options... Used it to crop elongated pics taken with my tablet to more of a square shape for uploading to my online store. Quick, easy, effective.
Screw Photoshop With this app you can make interesting pics, stellar collages and be a photo superstar.
It is perfect I like this app and it is the best photo editing app i ve ever seen thanks a lot
Photo EDITOR or Photo GRID I love this app soo much ... Before install this app , i dont know how is this but after installed this app i'm  very happy nD very Glade about this app.... I agreed from this app... N i want to give 5 stars for this app...Alots of love this app 
I love this grid so much it's simple but soooo beautiful..awesome
Photo Grid This is the BEST collage maker I've ever found And believe me, I've looked
My favorite app for working with photos I use this app all the time. I wish that pictures didn't move so easily out of position. Maybe there could be a lock photo option.
I've tried all of the photo collage aps on Google play and this one is by far the best
I love it Lets keep it short Awesome U r gonna fall in love wid dis app.
Soooooo easy Ive download a dozen apps but this one by far is the easiest of all.
