Great for lazy people I used to run often but got fat and very lazy. This app is really easing me back into it. Awesome
Loving it and hating it. It's a great app, I hate it because my legs are killing me
Absolutely amazing support for the 5k program A must have Records distance, time and has your music automatically incorporated in the app. Glad I purchased it
Great way to get ready for a PT test. Run hard, every other day using the 0 to 5K app and you won't have a problem passing you're PT test.
Awesome This app keeps me motivated I love how it tracks your distance and tells you when to jog and when to walk. It's awesome
LOVE LOVE LOVE Can't wait to finish and get the 10K. My trainer is Billie. Can you make it so my sisters download the same app and we can see each other's progress or something like that, for people who don't want to use Facebook that would be amazing. Even more motivating. Or be able to share on Whatsapp. Anyway I recommend this awesome app
BRAINS Love this app. So easy to use and the zombie trainer is awesome.
C25k Best app ever. Honestly  I was so unfit. Am now on week 9 and just about ready to try for my first ever 5k run tomorrow. Would never have thought it possible. Trust the app  it won't steer you wrong.
Great app Love the drill instructor voice, user friendly, plan always helps me become a better runner, love this app, highly recommend it
Thank you Gives me an easy way to keep track of my progress
Worth every penny...and then some 101814 I weighed 168 pounds and am 5'4. By April of the next year was down to my goal weight of 120 pounds. It is November 2015 and I'm down to 115. This app was responsible. I jave run 2 5ks and continue to run after I have completed the program. Bravo. Highly recommend
55 and training for my first 5k This app is a great tool for everyone
Excellent fitness app An excellent app for the 'Couch to 5k' program.
Great Downloading the 10k app next. Would love a half marathon app next
I like this app namely because I'm lazy about fitness. It's easy to eat healthy. Just don't eat what's bad for you, but exercise it's where i fall short. This app is perfect for me
Herman Colter IV Awesome workout tool. Been using this as my workout guide and it has been truly helping me. Awesome tool
Great app Recommend to anyone trying to get off their butt  I've lost 40 lbs thanks couch 2 5k
Couch to 5k This App is a great motivator.
Simple and effective. Gives you cues, tracks your progress, doesn't crash. Good for me.
Great motivation Happy with this app over other similar apps, just wish trainer would say how many jogs are left, lol
Makes it doable I hate to run but the way it eases me into it I can't run without it.
Couch to 5k made me love Running Not a lot of people like running and I was one of those people After 2 weeks, I began loving my workouts and running I have lost a total of 30 pounds using this program and watching my calories with myfitnesspal app Make sure you drink LOTS of water I love this program so much, I tell everyone about it
Does Exactly What It Needs To No frills, but works flawless every time. No complaints.
Great workout Easy to follow and good results
Love this app. As long as I have a good gps signal, it maps my route perfectly. I always wait for a green light. I love the free runs because I can monitor my time and distance between days in the program. Well worth the purchase
Never thought I could do it I have always hated exercising and I especially hate running. But at 45yo I can now run a 5k. Amazing program. Thanks
Love this app
Love this app
Works perfectly.
Love
