Crazily awesome It makes cool images. Love the effects and frames. And it's stickers so adorable,need not being downloaded. Love e app. Its OMG. 
READ THIS TO THE END This app is awesome its fun to do and It makes a pretty nice foto album . I like to do it because its fun . There isnt adds that makes it awesome you should read this and then download it
Best thing ever Read this to the end this is the best thing in the world it has the best of all makes the best and prettiest pictures this is truly the beeeeeeessssssstttttttt .Love it go an get this app
Best editor Eva in the history of editing Wow love the app it is awesome coz it gets me more likes on my selfies each and every day teamlowkey
Love dis app its sooo amazing.u gotta try it.its de best app i ever tried.thumbs up good work
Amazing Nice simple layout with great results. Nice photo apps.
Mirror Free Awesome This is a great new find for me especially with all the photography I do.  Easy to use and adds many new creative opportunities for anyone especially photographers.   Best part is it's free
Love it It is so good. I can edit many pictures. No lack. Everything perfect. Great work.....
Love it It doesn't change or tint the color of any of my images like some of the other apps do. It also keeps the quality if the pictures.
This z wat ive been looking for , but idnt know how to use tawesome
Don't know but interesting app p chill people's try new things am gonna try this D follow me hhhh
Awesome If I don't like a certian selfie or the lighting is messed up I can always fix it or cover it up
Amazing app I finally found out the app I wanted awesome app just loveeee it
LOVE UTTTT NOW IM GETTING MORE COMMENTS ON INSTERGRAM SAYS GRATE MAKE UP RIPYYY
The best for ever           
GREAT Especially cool if you use it to send birthday messages to loved ones e.g.mum, dad, sibling,e.t.c
Perfect I love this app Its awesomely beautiful and perfect Keep up d good work...
Creatively awesome Just getting better and better after playing around with the different features
This app is awesome Love this app, it is fun and kool to do up your pics....great app
Cool lol This app is cool, makes my photos like amazing
I wasn't know there's something like this in De world don't waist your time with another have this one believe me it leaves smiles on your face
Mirror image photo Editor Realy iam lovng it took gud na fun  Thnxs for developers
Excellent App. Use it a lot. Fun, makes mediocre snaps look great. I've told my friends to down load this. Well done guys.
I always wanted to know how to make pictures from scratch that you can do computer images on. Design by demand at the touch of a button.
My best My best My best My best My best
Loved it Great app I recommend it to everybody. It looks cool, anything you want your pictures to look like you can do it with this app
I love the fonts The fonts are meek I love it, I was jus hoping it does the blur side thingy buh it's cool,   jus too many adds
AWESOME... ALL THE WAY TO MKE DIFFERENT TYPES OF PHOTO EDITING..
TOP OF THE TOP PHOTOEDITOR Love It, Like How I Love Organic Food.  Love It Like My Sacrament, Kaneh Bosm. Excellent.
Malika I just think its amazing u guys should install it. It makes boring pic turn into fun ones
Loving It Does what it says...a few minor glitches, but still a very fun app
