I like it, but only speak one time, I think it should be able to repeat the announcement for second time before silent for possible authentic notify the the caller of the incoming calls and texts messages, but the speaker caller system is super.
Deserves 5 stars Before taking out the cell from pocket,it says who is calling.. sometimes it does matter a lot.
I loved it Because this is very useful in driving on heavy traffic I'm hearing how call me and which call is important I will stop and speak the person its not important I don't see
Great App. Love itBe careful if in public,because if you get a xrated text,it reads it as it is typed,curse words and all.lol Get this app....
Ugwemnso Good and lovely Really, it is  not short of the best of its functions. Keep it up.
Nawaz I really appriciate it bc not only  help in save time management but not miss important call......thanx
Alias Homeless Ron of UO So far I have no complaints, lol, it is loud and clear when reading off my messages. Hoping lol nothing is sensitive or private when its announcing what is coming to you. It speaks pretty good and Not like a primitive robot. ITS easy to change the settings. Its true every time you go to the settings you see always a advertisement. Its fair you using their product.
Its a gud thng sam ppl kip on askng me wats rong wit ur phone N i smply gv thm a big smile n say mine is 2 cleva thn urs
GREAT WONDERFUL APP AND FUN AS WELL. IT EVEN PRONOUNCES SOME NATIVE NAMES. I SO SO SO MUCH LOVE IT. MY FRIENDS MUST ENJOY IT WITH ME. GOD BLESS YOU THE DEVELOPER AND REMEMBER TO GIVE GOD THE GLORY.
All my text messages are read to me while am driving and the language is Crystal clear.... That's priceless
Caller Name is fabulous It is extremely clear and reminds me of my Nokia that used to call out names. Very helpful guys. GOOD JOB
great app this is a great app but there is a problem,this speaks only two time .this will be a great app when it speak the full time of calling.plz. change it
The app is cool I was scared at first when after downloading, it started reading out my whole message content but later go into the apps setting and delete this  message  in the app. Now, it only read out the message sender name.  The apps is good am giving it complete 5stars
Its really good like if you are busy doing some work and sms comes you just have to listen to it dont have to take out the phone and look into your sms and even the calls you know who is calling you....
One of the best application I have ever seen. I love it one thing I dont like so many ads remove adds from your app
Fantastic app Great app. Helps when driving no need to wait til I stop before getting the text. However, it would be better to be able to slow the voice down a bit. Being read back a little too fast
Amazing While downloading i thouht it is a fake one but i was wrong.  Its really mind blowing and it works fantastically. I am very happy to have it.
