Good app App is good...pages,images load much more faster than other browsers. But sometimes if downloading of files get failed and i retry then also it fails even if i have net connection...FIX this issue
Fast and simple I don't want a ton of stuff for a browser on my phone, but I also want it to be usable. Opera does exactly what I need in a simple way and does not have bloated features that aren't necessary on a phone.
Thank you for inventing the concept of data save, I really appreciate it, internet here is so dumb expensive with low quality standar.
Slower since last update Top android browser in my opin.  Been using opera for years and have been very pleased.  However, last update on LG G2 seems to have introduced some lagging when clicking on a website or doing about anything takes an extra second.  Feels like something is running taking cpu cycles or something.  Looking forward to next update.
I just found the best browser I used boat browser for years, was fast, loved word wrap, and the arrows for quickly scrolling to top and bottom of page. It's now rubbish, slow, crashing all the time and word wrap is gone lollipop Opera has all the best features of boat and is super fast also tried chrome, dolphin
The best browser app It's a mix between the best browsers. Best media managing, best graphic, fast and user friendly.
Fast, reliable, intuitive This beats the stuffing out of the browser I've been using for years. My videos play perfectly now, and a MUCH better interface, easier to pause  fast forward rewind  Also I'm able to play music using the Naxos Music Library player ... hopelessly frozen on my other browser. Awesome tabbed interface, thoughtful design choices, never going back
Great app I was about to sell my Tablet dell venue 8 because the device displayed black squares every time I opened a website. Seems the trouble was just the  Chrome browser. Opera runs smoothly
Awesome The best browser for me but could we have skins like the PC version The present white background is quite glaring, especially at night. A nice dark theme would be great
One if my favourite browsers I use opera across my android tablet, android phone, Windows and Linux and iPhone and have come to the solid conclusion that it is a secure, speedy browser that allows me to sync my data across all of my devices. I've been using opera since the first iPhone and have stuck by it as being the best out there.
Needs more It's  a great browser. Just needs a new feature  night vision like UC browser would be nice. Not 9nly it saves battery but also less stressful for eyes.
