Still the greatest app ever,no matter what phone I have this app is a must,I've had this app along time now and it still works great so  if you want fantastic pics download this app, they have never let me down. Update still the best app for pics out there, just face it, no one out there is going to beat this app it's already fantastic and just keeps getting better.
I Love It  great app love the frames , works perfectly fine  keep it up you guys doing a good job  
Awesome Love this App, so many graphics to choose from  user friendly.... Great job
OMG OMG OMG This is the best application I have ever had the pleasure of using The creatorartistic godess who made these beautiful frames is truly blessed with pure talent
I been using it in my Laptop and Love Everything About Imikimi Every Picture and Collage that I Made in The Past and Ready to Make New Ones, Thank You Very Much.
Excellent. I enjoy the selection, graphics, backgrounds. I'm able to pay tribute to my love ones, Associates and friends. You can add any Picture to a Popular Magazine Cover. I.e., Peoples, Playboy, Glamour, Star, Vogue, Celebrity. People get excited when I send them a picture of themselves, Friends or Family on a Magazine cover.
Imikimi I love  this  app,  it would  be better  if we can add a text  to a photo....and more backgrounds
Best pic app I have EVER used I can't express how happy I am that android now has this app. Missed it for a very long time Beautiful creative n fun. Even easy to use.. Great job
AWESOME FRAMES This App Is The Greatest Ever Everyone Must Have ThisGreat App Love the frames
I love all the choices of frames...I have been able to create and print some of the best photos using this app..when people visit they always complement me on the pics I have of my family using the frames I've chosen from imikimi...keep up the good work
Love it , just wish you had all the picture frames that are on a regular pc. I use a tablet and its limited.
Ms, Cocaine Red I love this app so much I made my mom obituary from it thank you
IMIKIMI ONE OF THE BEST APP I LOVE IT ....I DON'T CHANGE IMIKIMI FOR NONE OF OTHER APPS NONE OF THEM WORKS ND HAVE BEAUTIFUL THINGS AS IMIKIMI DO...I KEEP IMIKIMI FOR EVER 
satisfied ive been using imikimi for almost 6 yrs now i started using it on my home computer  now its an app on my phone LUV IT
I love this app and my family, friends ask me where to get it going to share. Thanks
It's marvelous This is the best photo frame app there is.  It works beautifully and the frames are gorgeous.  I just wish that it didn't use up so much memory. Way too much.  Other than that it works smoothly.  I just love it  My number one frame app ever
Beautiful pic's The app is like something out of a photo studio, except your not paying all that  Really love it, thanks
My FAVORITE APP This app is so enjoyable  I LOVE MAKING GRAPHIC'S OF MY GRANDBABIE'S and And my son who I make ANGEL GRAPHICS and MEMORIAL'S 
Awesome I have used this beautiful frames with effects and all my friends love it. They use it too. Thank you very much. I love it 
The best I really don't pay for a app but I had to pay for this one it is the best. I really wish I didn't have to pay for it because I had it before. But I love it
