Excellent App Best app of its type I have found to date. Currently tracking activity of my 3 vehicles. Fast, easy to input data and setup reminders, I like its look and feel. Flexible without leaving too much up to the user to decide. Export and backup functionality works as advertised.
Amazing It does exactly what it says. Perfect for someone that needs to keep track of hishers car expenses. I bought the pro version to support the developer even though the free version is also perfect and working if you want to keep track for only one vehicle. The money the developer is asking is more than fair is a bargain. Recommended any time.
Awesome app. Been using this for almost a year now to track down all my car related expenses and MPG.   One thing I'd recommend is to add the ability to attach documents, such as receipts and stuff. That way I can always attach the full receipts on any services for future reference
Must have for people who treat their cars with TLC Great app that has a lot of useful info and charts for you to stay on top with maintenance schedule history and reminders, expenses and insurance. I've had it for many years and it was very happy with features and amount of info. Lately had some issues with my free version but resolved it by buying the full version it was about time anyway. Thank you Rafael.
Excellent App Using it for a few years now and have nothing to complain about. It covers all expenses related to your car and makes it it easy to track them. Easy to use and comprehensive stats. A real eyeopener on how much you're actually paying for private transport.
Carango Pro Use this app all the time. Keeps me aware of all aspects of my car use.
Brigitte Leboeuf This app is fantastic. Simple. I can keep track of all car related expenses, get all sorts of graph at any time during the year, I can schedule oil change or air filter every 20 000 km. It even calculate how many km I cover by liter of gas. I did not find friendlier and more versatille app yet.
Excellent This app Is an amazing tool for keeping track of the expenses in owning a car. Great job
O mais completo Super bacana e completo, vale a pena pegar o pro pra ter ele na nuvem
Love it Keep record of all my expenses. Runs and work great, online backup
Good app Just what I need plus clean and simple interface
Excellent
Samsung Galaxy S4
Like it a lot
Great update to a great app I've been using this app for a few years and I still love it. Cloud backuprestore is a great addition, now we just need it to do auto backups.
Useful
Good app Use it all the time, mainly for gas mileage tracking.
Great app  Had an issue initially, contacted the programmer, he was helpful with finding a solution to my problem fyimileage  odometer reading.  Looking forward to using this app for the duration of my car ownership.
