Fantastic Service Fame to ADH I have had the worst experience with PAID insurance best of all ADH gives me exactly the same handset to carry on while mine is being repaired. Thank you ADH I am a very happy customer.
Not receiving OTP I am not getting my OTP... I have tried putting my number in normally and also international format but nothing. Please help.  Problem solved Thanks guys, you have been amazing in assisting me  Great service
Recently claimed a screen damage for my S5  immediately they came to collect my phone and issued me with a similar loan phone it took about two weeks and I got my phone back, they went beyond just fixing my screen they fixed all the dents and scratches to my phone now it looks brand new. Excellent service that I got, Thank you ADH
Absolutely fantastic service. Smashed my S6 edge plus 3 days after getting. Friendly service. Came and picked up my phone, gave me an S6 to borrow. Then delivered the repaired phone a week later. Amazing. I love Samsung. Unfortunately I smashed the loan phone too.
BEST APP EVER samsung galaxy s5 I thought it was a scam at first when it was said to be for free but surely it wasnt. ADH managed to fix my cracked screen as promised and it was perfectly functional. It did not even take 3 days, download this app
Neil I hope this is what they say i got mi note 5 last week so yes if this is real this is a great app
My S5 charger cover is broken, this can lead to water damage. i need to know if ADH cover this kind of damage or just screen and liquid damage
Failure to log in I installed this on my S4 a while back and now I have purchased a Note 4, everytime I try to log in with my email it says wrong email or username. The OTP comes to my cellphone but I have no idea how to get my correct username or email.
I'm happy Thank you samsung. My Note 3 has been fixed and with record time too.
Pretty good Note 3 screen repaired over the weekend, helpful and professional service from staff at Samsung Waterfront, Cape Town. Pity Note 4 ADH reduced to 1 year cover only....
