I absolutely enjoyed the application. This is the best truck sim I have played. Most of them are just trash
It one of the best lorry driving games.but add a scania truck also how  do you  change the colour i am choosing  the colour i want and then hit  buy upgrades  but  the lorry  is still white  it wont change what am i doing wrong
Same thing I said for real driving 3d Loading map annoying, more cities, more different roads, better driving for other vehicles, windshield, side view mirror and to control the volume. Same action that I want in real driving 3d is what I want in this game,  where's the orange light on the stoplight brighter lights on the trucks and I can't change my truck color .Don't worry for me ur games are  AWESOME
Best ever I just had to redownload the game and there's no way to steer.
AWSOME I love it The graphics are awsome, the trucks are cool. It's just like real truck BUT PLZ lower da price on all trucks PLZ
Love it I have a game update to this game. 1. Add hills and mountains. 2. The graphics they are getting boring and just make is a little more realistic. And could you add weather and snow covered roads.
The best game download it n u will enjoy it So nice game I don't face any prbm it's good
Cj OK this game is great But we have an few issues 1 is need new features as far as frame extention wheels pipes new loads an etc....2 speed sign posted as 65mph an still got 500.00 fine wft sup wit dat
Best simulator Best graphics, best map, good trucks, good city graphic, easy to drive if u understand, that is if u go on 80km speed. The fuel and repair centre are wonderfull. This simulator is better the Euro truck simulator. The best of all truck simulator.
One of the best games I know I love this game it's really cool how you can play the role of a truck driver. It works offline so when my troops are being made on clash of clan BEST GAME EVER I can play this. It's really fun try it and if u don't like it just delete it. There is nothing to lose. But if u do like it rate the review thumbs up so u can share the love for this game.
Awsome This is the best truck sim ever can't wait for truck simulator 2015 can y'all add on here storms windsheild wipers and more
Amazing Need more upgrades please like storms windshield wipers animal crossing icy roads and have a family house you can enter and jails etc this is great a game
And you still haven't fixed the problem with the 88 truck the second set of the front wheels are flipped around so it is very hard to steer it because it is trying to drag those wheels and I know y'all can fix it because on the bus simulator the last bus that was added has four tires in the front and all of them are correct so please fix it and why can't I buy the truck on the main menu I have bought every truck and I still can't buy it other than those it is a great game
So real I love this game I play of every day I was kind of disappointed with the lack of major cities bit it is still fun nonetheless. My only request is that you had more cities. Such as Phoenix or Detroit or other major trucking cities. I also think you should add hazard lights that would add a little more excitement to the game. Other than that the game is SO realistic and enjoyable.
