Absolutely BEST APP I love your app. I use it on daily basis and enter every transaction down to the penny. It's the best app in Google store. Keep up the awesome work. I do have a suggestion. Any chance in future updates, can you include a balance bar on right side It would be much helpful. Thank you for the app, well worthe the money.
VERY GOOD Im one who doesnt do this type of things because i find it difficult, this app takes awaay that difficulty
The best Great app, easy to sync, restore... Website let you input data or see reports. Easy to manage Payees and accounts. Hope we can have themes.
Super A Let's me keep all my finances  in one place...I've used lots of apps but this is the.... Best
So far good, bought it so no ads. I had the trial version which was a little different.  I broke my phone so when I installed AndroMoney again I decided to purchase as it was so easy to use.  Thanks.  Tried several expense apps, choose this one.
Excellent on Nexus7  Elephone p8000 Continually improving. Best  money app I have tried for Android. Well worth supporting the developers.
Exactly What I Needed Clean,well thought out app that allows me to keep track of cash expenses when I am on the road. Of course it does much more but that was what I needed. Edit transactions after entering and see transactions seperately.You can even export.
Great Has all you need to keep track of your money
I love Andromoney thats why i purchased the PRO version. BUT the icons in pro version is very UGLY please change them
Good and simple apps I love this apps. Easy to use. Can backup the database using cloud and easy to restore later if you have multiple or new device.
Best expense track tool Tried free version for two years, finally paid for pro version. The success rate of QR code can be improved. Keep up the good work
Simply Amazing No complaints so far
I think it's good I can confirm it's good. It gets better
Simple and robust apps
Great app. Just a couple of ideas for features that would make it fantastic. In the budget section it would be great to choose weekly, fortnightly or monthly. And if it had a savings plan section to create a schedule for saving and tracking how you are going.... This would make a great app even better
Easy to Use Easy and have more function Great App
Love it Easy to use, interactive theme, enjoy this app so much
Very Convenient App
Great app
Easy and powerful One little request. Can the recurring expense be filtered and put in budget automatically
The best money manager by far I've had this since day one and they came a long way. They are always updating to make a great app better some how. Good for people with a bank account, barely starting to get organized and amazing for people with multiple accounts that have to see where their money is on the go.
Great app with one wish addon Have tried lots of others and like this one the best. Would be even greater if one could search on 'Payee' or at least allow it to come up alphabetical.
The best one around Try the free version first and then update to the this beautiful app. Totally worth 5 
Outstanding App I have the Premium version. Worked perfectly. I recommend it to anybody.
Love it Very helpful application to track my spending and income...
Great to keep track
Waiting for such type of app I love this app.. No one such type of app available in play store. But nee to add more functionalities like cheque book and trasfers done to income also
Very Good in average Fcil de usar, no da errores, responde rpido. Pero me gusta ms la interfaz de la versin free
Good job Exactly what I was looking for. Syncs with Google, recurring payments and income.
