Pretty good app
Nice app Great app Love the updates
Adel Very nice app
Great
Good Nice app
Looking Good I use this app all the time.  As it adds more options, it just gets better and better.  Would be nice to add music to picture projects as well.  Great Job
Faster rendering I think this is the only app that lets you make a video collage with 4 simultaneously playing videos.  I hope it can do faster rendering in the future and that it will support live preview of a low quality collage before actually renders the video in high quality.  That way we can synchronise the videos. I also hope it can do up to 9 simultaneously playing videos in the future.  Otherwise, keep up the good work.
It wont let me add pictures to the collage, it keeps saying 'file is corrupted please choose another' it does that with every one of them. Please fix
Adding .gifs doesn't agree with Instagram The app works overall but adding an animated .gif to a picture making it a video makes it unable to uploaded to instagram. Upload failed is the message I get, and I've tried with several different .gif and still picture combinations. I can combineupload regular videos I've taken with my camera just fine, so it isn't a size issue. Just for .gifs. I'd love to see a fix for this at some point.
Its beautiful. It does so much more that the vidstich one obviously, but its really a lot better than a lot of other apps like this one. 
Soo much fun Vidstitch PRO makes it SO easy to create fun videoimage collages. If you're a beginner in video, it may seem tough, but keep practicingyou'll get better and better This is a fun app, easy to use.
Really good The only problem is the fact the automated gif loop does not work Please fix it
AWESOME You've fixed the problem and you're back to being one of the best apps ever thank you guys 
Love it This is a cool app. Never this easy to combine pictures n videos
Cool app Very cool app. Nice combinations for videos
Smooth sailing... Love this app Keeping my husband up to date with pictures and videos helps make the 68 month deployment a little bit easier. Few bugs here and there but for the most part well worth the purchase.
Stitch them all together Exactly what I wanted, worth paying for the pro version its so cheap  Cheers mates for a superb app 
