Always Fun I've been playing Ruzzle for a long, long time. It's a good app and just gets better with time. The only thing I wish it had was more options for avatars.
Ruzzle is a truly great game,  it requires speed of hand and agility of the mind,  Wether you have them,  or,  want to improve them ruzzle is the game to do it with. if only we could stop the people who cheat on it.
Scores I think that there is an occasional glitch in the scoring system. Sometimes it seems like I am not being rewarded with all of the points that I know I should've scored. Another occasional glitch is where I have to play the same round twice because the first didn't register.
Fb issues are fixed Issue below is fixed. Awesome app. 5 stars for dropping new achievements.   Dropping a stars as cannot challenge fb friends. It just hangs.... And hangs. Is this some kind of trick to stop me from getting an achievement
Great game The  basics of the game are still excellent, it is fun and addictive. I don't care for the new tournament mode with coins  that takes off the marvelous simplicity and charm of the game.  Why complicate something that works great
Friggin' game is addictive I can't stop playing.   I need help.  Intervention 
Great game Very addictive  but in a good way. It is a great mental exercise if you like Scrabble, you'll love Ruzzle.
The Game of All Times It's a great game to play and challenge your friends and random players To the game creators, I hope you contact some of the players to hear ideas in making the game even more fun
Loving it I love this game, I love this app Meet incredible people, learn new words, and have fun Two minute rounds leaves you wanting just 5 more seconds. Only way this could be better if you'd add another star I played this on my Galaxy s4 with no problems and it's even better on my S6 Edge. Job,.... VERY well done
Easy going word game... I enjoy Ruzzle even more with the addition of Tournaments. During regular play, I find other players very game oriented and competitive. This is a simple word game that provides a lot of entertainment
Wonderful A very enjoying game that you can play it for months without annoying
Fun game Love this game. It's simple a fun to play. One of my favorite apps
