Awesome One of my most favorite apps. Okay I love it okay I love it okay I love it seriously I love it thank you for your wonderful app people listen to me this thing is awesome if you don't get the pro version you need to see somebody lol just kidding . I like the fact that when you upgrade it it actually says pro version .
Dangerously Addictive Fun So many options, easy to use, and a lot of fun. Great app.
PAY YOU GET Wow what a amazing app it's full packed and it's easy to use I personally will recommend this to people 9 and up. You have a normal photo and then turn it into an amazing experience to be had.
BETTER UPDATES Yet,STILL Needs More CelebritiesBackground and batman  wardrobe  like Ironman and vader
So Many Options, Hard to Choose SO MUCH you can do with an average pic  Worth every penny
Easy and Fun Love the variety of awesome effects available in such a simple, easy to use application.
Excellent App Tremendous number of choices to highlight and spice up photograph whether for fun or something more serious. Many categories from which to choose.  Capable of creating 8x10 easily.
This is a cool app, if you don't have it you should download it it will not only make you laugh, but you will be amazed at the quality of this app and the beautiful things you can make, keep up the good work guys.
To much fun Great frames and animations. Very seasonal as well I could play with this one forever. Worth the good price.
Photo Lab Pro I love this app. I must say it is a little addicting though.
Great fun to send pics to friends  family. Lots of fun if I had anything I would change is letting the user have more freedom changing were graphics are placed. If you are looking for some laughs with your photo give it a try
The Bulgarian flag it's not there ,this is sad story ,great app 
Lovin this app So far great app . No issuse runs fast and smooth. Maybe brings the pic in a bit to far. Would like to see it extend pic a bit but it's still great.
Lab Pro Photo So much fun changing the looks of my pics
Love it This app is very cool I love everything I'm glad I paid for it   
Requesting License Verification. I updated the app and was stuck at 93. Cancelled and reinstall but requesting for license Verification,  check network or reinstall.  My network is 3G already. Reinstalled thrice. Any ideas
Awesome I love it Very cool and super easy to use.
Sooooo Cool This is by far one of my top 5 photo apps Using it for Christmas card
Photo lab Very simple and easy to use. Your pictures come out really cute. Sometimes I wish there was more photo montages options, you can do but other than that it's great
Great App The only thing that's wrong with it, is that I spend way too much time on the app having fun
Love the app Having so much fun
Love This is the best photo app I have found
Excellent Love this app in 2013 and I still do in the end of 2015. It's my favorite application
Brilliant app Best photo editing app...face in hole is hilarious....thanku. The app keeps asking me to rate you, cant get better than 5 stars Brilliant
Just upgraded Easiest decision and more than worth it  Love this app
Awesome App but why Why isn't there a Australia flag in the face flags. Would be great if you could add this in at some point
Very good I love this it's was so good I got the pro just keep adding more frames
Love the New Update I Love This App, thumbs up
