Great for downloading I tried many browser apps and this one is the most convenient. I've had no major problems, but it would sometimes crash when pressing back page on speedy mode. Other than that, it's a great app
Awesome app Its an awesome app to browse,download, save pages etc.....its udisc is the most helpful thing for downloading.......
Superb app Too good. . The speed is amazing. . Its simple and powerful
Nice app and fast navigation Speed browsing lets me to navigate fast despite heavy webpages not sized for mobile phone. Information may be lost lost but, in general, those are not soo important and I can do most things I need to.
Too good Great app for downloading nd browsing When I try to download torrent file  Then it failed the downloading why plzz fix this okk.....
Impressive I think best downloading speed at all over browser.... but in browsing slow than opera mini...
Fantastic Love it.this is the best browser on the market.i'v tried most of the others and they dont come close.keep up the good work. 
The best browser.. I really like the browsing speed. Even the basic mobiles also can get the good speed.. Thru this..
Nice one but I want uc browser normal one and it's not supported in marshmallow version of Android so I hope u guys will fix it
Great app It is very good for all ways .my old browser is very slow. But it is very fasst . GREAT.....
Awesome app It is a very good app. Its speed is very fast. It downloads apps,songs and everything very fast. It also saves mb very much. I love this app.
Uc experience Very fast indeed.user friendly.cool.small size
Its an awesome app Just try it once im sure you will like as it consumes less space more data n high speed download
I  this App I can use it for a year this is too faster than all over downloading Apps
Awesome app To surf on uc browser is so simple easier faster and the downloading speed is also so fast
best browser best browser in small size for simple surfing with excellent download speed
Sip banget deh pokoknya. Apalagi kalo buat download. Cuman di beberapa website ada yg gak bisa kebuka. Be better ya 
Gr8 Helps me download songs and vedios its gr8 app for my MI 4I JUST NOW NEED TO GIVE suggetions
Unique Browser It is super mini browser of the world.I like it Hip hip Hurrey.
