Great app Love it.. at first it would not work but now it works great.. im glad there is this app.. it cost money every time u call the eppi card.. so this is great..
I absolutely love this app I've used it for over 2yrs now, always accurate. I've had a couple of log in issues  customer service has always been prompt to reply as in minutes and resolved my issue fast. Great app
Courteous and helpful I lost my password, and Bob was extremely helpful. In addition to explaining how to reset the password, he included simple yet thorough instructions in order to ensure I connected my account correctly.  Thank you Bob for being so courteous
Worth 5 stars because it exists  works I'm so grateful to finally have an app to keep a check on my child support balance. Shame on EPPICard for not sponsoring this app, since they're clearly never going to allow access to more than three states on their official app. Thank you so much
I love this app It is so much easier than going through all the logins required by the regular process. I've been using it for a while without any problems.  Anyone not sure...well worth the fee Great Customer Service. I had a question, just sent a quick email, and someone got right back with me.
Works great I live in Fl. Works for my child support card... Easy to set up.. Easy to use.. Very simple
Great customer service I had an issue logging in and they helped and all good
Works great. I have never had a problem with it. Saves me a lot of time.
Awesome I love this app it makes life so much easier   The only problem I ever had was fixed in minutes by tech support 
Rarely any problems. Love this app.
Excellent So far it's working great It helps to manage funds properly, and to check balances after daily use.
Very convenient, easy access, the sign in process was a breeze. However you have to know your username and password from the child support site.
Great App Convenient, Updates To The Minute  Couldn't live without it
So far so good I just purchased this app, after reading mixed comments... But I had no problems logging in...I didn't have to go to the eppic site and reset password, which was a complaint for many...I am pleased...1.99 well spent.
love the application.
No problems what so ever. Great app
I'm entering my password but its not accepting. Only gave 1star, please fix or I need a refund,uninstalling if not fixed
Awesome. Works flawlessly.
Luv it It works
Balance Checker This app is great and it helps me keep up with my daughters support payments.  One thing I noticed is that it cost 1.99, but my iPhone app was free. But yet and still it's very useful so it's worth it. Thanks
Awesome app Love the app. I have the Galaxy 5s, works awesome. When something does go wrong, I change my phone  I send an email, they respond quickly with email or call. They have great customer service over phone too.
Finally I've been patiently awaiting an app for Texas andor all states and its FINALLY HERE No problems as of yet HappyGal
THANK YOU Finally I hated having to go to the website every time I wanted to check my balance and the official eppicard app is only offered for 3 states... none of which are mine. Thank you Thank you Thank you This app is the only part of getting child support that doesn't come with a headache
Awesome app..Mr. Bob was on point with my problem that turned out to be no problem..
Props to the development team I'm very proud to have this app before we didn't have such a nice encounter so I recommend this App to anyone
