If your Nexus 5X has the viewfinder upside down, go to the following settings to see if you have the updated software and can make the change  Click on the Me Button, go to Advanced Settings  Exception Settings  Adjust viewfinder.  You will then choose the back camera.    They were very fast when responding with steps to resolve the camera issue.
After the update review Some thing has changed, I don't like vibration during taking the photo but whenever I use this app the vibration start automatically, please fix this issue, anyway it's perfect than any other apps. Takes very nice pic with manual setting. Use the manual setting to get nice photo.
Great App Allows good clean shots to be taken, very easy to use. Amazing efficiency for a photo editor on a phone.
Love camera 360 I absolutely love this app. I have always love to take a pictures especially of nature and capturing the movement with anything. Camera 360 is perfect for this. I love sharing my photos with others and looking at photo form all over the world....
M using Yureka and in this mobile this app running very smooth app is very cool and fantastic i will you this app more then 5 star
After update whenever I capture it just blur whole image please fix this issue on Samsung Galaxy S6 I think after today's update its working fine
It is awesome The best photo editor and easy...... it is simply awesome I totally love this app
Love it The app is great, totally transformed me with multiple filters. It has lots of features, totally outstanding. Keep it up.
Best camera app This is the best camera app so far... there are so many options for photography.... clear and hd picture quality... it is just awesome... no. 1 cam app for android...
It is the best camera app I have ever come across. I feel good when I get any update for this app n it's user friendly. There are various modes where you can edit your pictures and make them look better.
The app is Awesome but... When i open the camera 360 app for photo click. My phone become a heater, and after sometime screen blackout. Phone off
Awful The flash on my cellphone's back camera doesn't working  But on my previous camera360 app. It worked.
Loving it The app is great so far I don't really have any problems and you should definitely download it and for the creators of the app I want you to tell me how you made this because it is crazzzzy good
Loved it It's awesome.. Very nice clearity .. different options available to give fantastic look to snap
This App is a ultimate tool..... To everyone who wants a apps that works.....cause this app is the best in the market..... Fast and versatile... I give this app.....my hats off.... Cause I luv this app.....thank u....
register my favorite camera app, but it is not letting me create an account regardless of what email address I entered please reflect my 5 star rating thank you
Takes a while to load up and slow in the app but still along of fun but would be really happy if you could sort out the problems thank you
