Thanks for all filters and no ad's Venticake Inc. Thanks for giving unlimited access to all filters and removing ad's. I hope these update will remain forever.
Awesoms Its the first app i've ever rated and comment for since i got my first phone years ago ... so advanced and good.. thanks retrica
Woot Unexpected awesome update with no ads and all free filters. Sucks I had paid for a bunch in the past but eh D
Awesome Wow all filters r free to access. But is this fr limited time 
Loveeeeee it Amazinggggggggg Retrica has saved my life with its awesome filters
1000010000  Exellent quality thanks alot for the free fiters
Wowww Best update ever i have always wanted this.. you guys rock..
What I heard no ads Now  its became awesome app for the platform
Thanks You did your best. Keep going
Finally, what we have all been waiting for  NO ADS 
Another good service again of Retrica Thank you Venticake Inc. for the another new good service of your app. I wish that the free ads and all free filters would be unlimited. Again, Thank You.
Omg best This is the best editor no ads so cool
Gr8 appp Absolutely love it Photos taken look so professional
It's perfect now  I love it Free and beautiful filters without ads Thank you very much
THANKS Thank u so much for making all the filters free I'm so excited to get to using more filters I have had retrica for so long now and I will never delete it Thanks everyone for making retrica fun
Brilliant... Up to me , it is the best app for clicking selfies and more.... It provides you with lots of frames and with no ads... I am loving it.. 
THANK YOU Thanks for removing ads and giving full access to all filters, thanks
Thanks for full version You are great dev 3
Great App Hope you could add some more features
Wonderful Thanks for removing all Ads and unlocked all filters
No Ads   All the filters Thanks for removing Ads   for making all the filters available free.
Hats off No ads and free access. Way to go
Access to all filters now....sensible thinking
Thanks Venticake Inc. All free filters, thanks Retrica
Merry Christmas Best gift photography evaaaaaaa
Plz dun change the free filters update Retrica Now I love u totally This update is so cool. Must be Advance Xmas gift  Thank u Plz dun change it. We love free filters.
Alright  Access to all kinds of filters.
Thanks for all filters and no ad's I hope the filters are free forever. This is really very good update of retrica coz it gives us all filters free. Thanks retrica
Video mode Where is the video option I need it
Yas  all filters are free, I hope it will last forever
 Yipppieeee Now Can Access To All Filtes
Excellent.. Great job.. No ads  ALL FILTERS FREE..
thank you thank you for the effects, bless you guys.
Amazing I love it cause all filters are free  no more adds Thank you so much My wish came true, keep up the good work
Thanks Retrica Great app to capture memorable moments... 
