Ten out of ten Great app shows how much interest to pay . So you can see the benefit of paying more off
One of my favorite apps. Had an issue on my end and support emailed me back within 2 minutes. Only wish the app could pay my debt too lol
Great app Love how it shows 'what if' scenarios.  Easy to use.  Can share info as csv  Summary reports too.  Suggestion on the csv file, the area that shows suggested mo pymt doesn't show which card. There are no headers.
Great App It does what I need it to do and it keeps me on track to becoming debt free.
Really helpful to see your debt This app helps me to plan  and then visualize a path to getting out of debt. It took me ten years to get deep into debt but now I can see that I'll be debt free in two years.
Awesome If only there were various repayment frequencies  i.e. weekly, quarterly, etc.
Love it This program is great..and I love the new layout Best app be far to keep me on track
Really easy Really straight forward and even calculates the quickest way to be debt free takes into consideration highest interest lowest balance APR and promotional APR's and it generates a plan telling you to the penny how much to pay back on each debt to get the maximum benefit. Genuinely the best app I've seen of its kind for the UK market
So worth the buck This is a great app to assist with organization and consolidation of debt.
Best Snowball App I have tried several snowball apps and this one gives me all the features I need.  I like that I can add prepayments at anytime and get a very clear timeline of when each debt will be paidoff
Awesome App Easy to navigate. Super cool. Does everything I need to get rid of debt Thanx
Fantastic app This is one app I really couldn't manage without.
Kathy Thanks for adding the summary page I love my app again
Exactly what I need This app is exactly what I needed to keep me on track  focused
Great App I really love this app. I wish it synced with the debt listed in the erase debt app.
Makes it easy Just punch in your interest rates and balances and that's it. From there you can estimate how long it will take to pay off any debts. Super helpful.
Love this app So easy to make adjustments as things change...love the ability to generate and send reports
Easy to understand. Show me different ways to pay down debt
Love it. Can see at a glance any budget changes I make.
Excellent, but... Can you please add the option to sort by title, or amount, or date, etc the listed debts throughout the app Not just on the main screen, but also on calculating screens, or payment plan screen, everywhere...  as of now, once you enter a debt, the main list will show it by date, then alphabetical... very inconvenient, specially if I want to rearrange the list by a suggested payoff plan. The custom detb number does nothing to sort them, it only affects the payoff calculations.
reviews This makes everything easier to figure out.
Great app Helps to lay everything out for you
Young Adult Vital App Extremely Useful. Easy. Accurate. Precise. Worth Sharing.
Love It Finally, a new look I really enjoy the new graphs and look It also has a sister program for payments and will update it to reflect your balance.
Debt payment Have help me keep in check of my due days of all my credit cards.
5 star Helps get ahead and get out of a jam
Great tool This app and the developers are both wonderful.  Highly recommend it.  Best debt reduction tool I've used or seen and keeps getting better each update.
