Sure Bob, my bad. I was hesitant to download and pay for this app. To my surprise it's awesome  I love being able to quickly check my balance.  Thank you so much
Missing apps after device change Great response an customer service when in having issues with apps an missing apps on phone. They had a great response time an went above an beyond to help get the apps back thank you
Very helpful Great app and great customer service definitely a good buy
Absolutely love it Thanks for making an app that let's me check my balance. Now I don't have to call or use my PC and load multiple pages.  Even let's me check my balance on the go
I just bought the app  I luv it Thank y'all so much for creating this app now I don't have to call my card to check my balance such a relief I can check my balance when I please.
Prefect I love this apps so I don't have a way to call due I am Deaf  I use SSI so save my time instead of having my mom or family members to call my balance suck lol.  But I finally love this apps
Thriller Absolutely awesome.  So much  easier.
Great app Finally a way to keep up with my balance and check my account on the go love the app
Great Buy Login once than ever time after just pin perfect way better than going to the website and having to load pages to get to what u want......This is an A1 app and i strongly recommend it to everyone who has a account with Direct Express
nice just what i was looking for. works flawlessly.
Thanks I needed that 
Loveeeee it Very handy app, but transaction history has problems
Love it
perfect quick glance on the go ,yea
Great APP
DR App
Works
Cool Finally So glad I found this. Been looking for this for a while. Now if the devs can make it show POS's. actions  transactions. Then we'll see about that 5th Star  UPDATE Great job on the new update Here's your 5th STAR as promised Thanks guys, keep up the good work
Great...needs to be greater Does what it says...extremely timely. 5 stars when can see all transactions, prints, etc. Ask and ye shall receive  I asked for listed transactions...and now, 11514, it's here. That's fantastic service...Responsiveness at its best. Thanks for the great addition. I use this app often.
Great app With the update this is now a 5 star app.
I got it now Works fine now
I LOVE this app When I had an issue with it, once I stopped whining about it and contacted the developers, they responded to me in literally 2 hours or less. They walked me through a couple steps to get them a screen shot and they are quickly working to correct the issue. They are easy to work with and VERY nice. YOU FOLKS ROCK
Love it Now I can check my balance anywhere I go just that click away
Good stuff. Can't wait to see payment  transaction history. Ty for making life a bit easier.
Excellent app had a problem and received immediate email response and problem was corrected immediately thank you
Wonderful Just what I needed for DE quick access THANKS
Perfect Works flawlessly, easy to use  extremly fast
