Wow. So much better I love the autoraid and autoclear makes every thing so much easier. I want to soon be able to battle friends hopefully that can be added.
Great game Even though i like Clash Of Clans a lot i love this game even more... There's so much things to do. ITS GREAT 
Love it I love this game so great however plz fix my raiding attacks cuz my hero list at bottom disepaers but still my fav game
Very good, but.. It crashes quite often, I'm not annoyed by it though, but could be fixed. Just save gems and buy the hero hire 10 and u will get far.
Strategic game I love strategy games like clash of clans and clash of lords 2 in wich you build up your army and attack people and you build up your defense for people that have built their army up.Love this game, I think people should download it.I also love all of the updates, it feels like this game is done but it's still expanding.
Y the bad reviews Love it. It is great free and only need the monthly 10 bucks at most to upgrade faster. Even as. A free game it is amazing. Always gives free stuff and can play all day with no problems. This  game has taken over as my favorite game on any system.hands down great job igg
'CLASH OF LORDS 2' So stoked, I held out on playn. I've played all the best clash games and castle clash and clash of clans are hands down the best... Love the features other games neglect to pinpoint... IGG has def got this guys vote.... AS FOR CLASH OF CLANS... PLEASE. ITS A RELIC... THESE GAMES HAVE MOVED IN THE RITE DIRECTION........ LOVE YOU GUYS KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK......
Clash of lords 2 An amazing game that I enjoy playing plus it's good if you wanna pass some time
Arena inequality I loved the game when it started but now ....I'm just like Really,,I have level 43 heroes and when I enter arena 9out of 10 times IGG put me against people who over level 100 heroes ,whyand my friend has the same level heroes and trophies and we are were both on soldier and he had no such problems but I did and still doand IGG support doesn't want to do anything about it
Clash Of Lords 2 This is the best war game I have ever played.  Love the action and graphics.  On a scale of 1 to 10, I give this game a 11.
It's just a bug It's just a bug yous are all still in your guild igg is fixing the problem now so just wait...and igg this is the best update so far good job
It is AWESOME, but you have to play a bit if you want to be in the top few.i am currently in the top 2k  and I have been playing for six months. But this game is EPIC
Great game While looking through the reviews I notice people complaining about it being hard to get heros without buying gems, well I haven't bought any and I have 6 elites you just save up for the 10x. I would recommend this to anyone that is patient with gems.
Very fun game This is an amazingly fun game, the only downside is that you have to wait 11 days for a lvl 11 Town hall. I understand that it gives you a reason to come back to the game over time but that's , in my opinion, way to long.
Amazing Thx for the daily gems and love the graphics I love all the amazing hero's and updates u guys have
very good game glad you got the update fixed tried to email you my id to get the free gifts you mentioned but it didn't go through my id is 275 646 847
I love COL...I have 3 Accounts..LOL     Pls Next Update...I hope..another War for  Lords..Looks Like Arena...but All Lords of Guild will be face off with other Guild and Start for War.... I suggest.Pls
