Life Changing I have hated mornings for as long as I can remember. I thought it was inevitable. For 1 this app completely eliminated the worst part of my day. It's the difference between waking up to a slap in the face and your partner snuggling a bit closer. Oh and it has a bunch of cool sleep monitoring and tracking features. 1010 someone deserves a medal or a pizza or something. Buy the app already
Love it Does exactly what I need and does it well. I dread any time I have to wake up to an alarm that isn't sleep cycle. It's made a huge difference in my life and is an absolute must have in my book. Just passed 3 years of daily use and am looking forward to many more to come 
Works for me I hate waking up early in the morning, but so far this app has definitely helped me do it anyway. Cool metrics to review as well. Works great, I recommend it.
Amazing I woke up so relaxed and ive been feeling totally zen throughout the entire day. Amazing app 1010 wouldbang
Works as advertised This app works as advertised  amazing The versions of the graphed sleep data are a little redundant, but cool to look at for comparison's sake. Other than that I really can't think of anything I don't like about it. It wakes me up when sleep is light, I get up on time, find getting up easier, and I feel more refreshed. Not magic, just science, but it's definitely so much better than using a run of the mill alarm clock.
Much better to wake up I've had some issues with getting up lately. I woke but tired and a bit grumpy, so I always stayed in bed and fell asleep. With this app I can wake up when I want, and in a better mood then before.
Great This app is awesome, I've recommended it to everyone who wonders about their sleep quality and how much deep sleep they get. Oddly enough it actually comes up in conversation when you actually have a source of personal knowledge go contribute to such a conversation. Not to mention the smart alarm that goes off when you're closest to being awake so you're not awoken from deep sleep is awesome. It really helps me not be groggy.
Fantastic I had this for my ipod before and it worked great, and it still does on Android Really works and helps you get the best quality of sleep you can get.
Smart desin Having a visual of your sleep is really good but the smartest thing of all is the ability to wake up when you are not deeply asleep. That alone is essentially priceless. Along with a good mattress, these are the top 2 things to a better quality of life. Also play with variations on the placement of the phone. It does not have to be on your bed. Look at the corners where it may fit sideways on the mattress and still pick your movements. All I can say is good night...
Love it Its amazing I have a hard time waking up for school but now I don't this is so awesome i be had no problems with it great job
Amazing alarm clock This is the first Alarm clock I have ever used that would work on me. It would be roommates and family members barging in for waking up the house while I keep on sleeping away. Now I wake up and get useful info with it Thanks
Wonderful App works great. Definitely reduced morning grogginess after five day calibration. Would and have recommended this app to others. Information recorded allows for nice analysis of your habits' effects on sleep quality. Would be nice if one could set alarm schedules. Otherwise great app.
Not bad I sleep 45h on regular basis, but noticed a difference in how i feel after the first night when i used the app. Will see how it works in long term.
Best alarm ever I use this as an alarm only. This beats all other alarms i have tried because the snooze and off functions are seperated. I no longer have to worry about turning the alarm off instead of hitting snooze. I also love that all you have to do to snooze is pick up the phone  slight movement will snooze it
Great app The only thing I would suggest is the ability to measure those over sleep days  weekends when you turn off the alarm and wake up 2 hours later  at the moment you get no data on that extra sleep. Otherwise a great app. Happy to pay the small fee for good quality.
Have had insomnia for years, but since using this app my sleep has improved markedly  weird. It's like my busy busy brain has just figured out that l am serious, and stopped fighting me Needless to say, l love it. Best 1 l ever spent.....
Waking up in a much better way Even though it still doesn't kick me out of the bed when I need it, haha. But for some reason it costantly says it doesn't get well my movements, while it's screen down on my bed near me
Best alarm It knows the perfect time to wake me up Every time I know I'm not going to get a full night I use this to help make sure I'll wake up happy It's amazing Worth everything
