Just a problem It can be better with the ability that we can remove someone from the blacklist but he dont unblocked just hide from blachlist
Ali safa Very good tnx

App Won't Stay Open After updating to version 3.3.0 the application closes itself a few seconds after it opens. I'm using a Moto X 2014 and Android 5.1. Edit It stopped doing that after a while. Strange.
Love it But could u please improve last seen it is not showing time it only shows last seen yesterday not when
It's very good I only hope it won't turn to another skypelike crap.
Great We need a function to  pin favorite groups. Will really help with navigation
Create tabs for groups,channels,contacts and robots Hello. Please contact groups and channels and separate parts to create robots and then when the contact tab is selected a list of contacts with whom they have a message displayed when you select a group's tab will be displayed list of groups that are members for robots and channels in the same way.
Love it It would be better if blocked user can't have an access to your profile or better say even your online status
Admins for groups Like channels please let creator add admins to groups.
Awesome Perfect replacement for WhatsApp since it's now Facebook Spyware.
Hamed Please add timeline
I love it
Love it
Gooooooooooooooooooooooood
Great apps
TN4 Good
Great
Great Keep it up
   
Security Would  you please work on the application  security a little more          For example saving security settings on the server will be a highly confidence for users to be sure his or her account never be restored  without their authorization. Thanx
FOSS, simple. efficient. Faster than hangouts,  easier than hangouts, more love for android, and support for older phones.  Really good PC companion too. Changing the primary color would be nice, and also the ability to change the background for specific chats instead of the entire app.
Fantastic reliable FAST This is a super fast, reliable, easy to use app. I love the stickers. It seems pictures and videos in seconds versus sending it over data. It always beats a text message and you can see when the other person is typing. I like to use Bitmoji with it 
