Love It A couple of changes would make it better. I already emailed support about my suggestions keeping cleared transactions in order in the list as they are cleared and recurring tranactions. Hopefully they can be implemented.
Mary Zacharias I have only used this app for about 3 days and I absolutely love it  Right now, I am just using the basic functions to keep track of debits to my checking account but anticipate I will use more as time goes on.  I haven't carried my checkbook for a long time and I was so tired of bringing my receipts home and then entering them into my check register.  Now I can just do it wherever I am.  Great work  Thank you.
Excellent App  Worth 20 Stars This checkbook app is so easy and convenient and is worth 20 stars however, I can only give it a 5.  I highly recommend it.  Also, the customer service is very good, helpful and prompt to return answers to any questions you may have.
Very happy I emailed  to Molovi Software  and with  in a very short time  they helped  me to solve my problem.  Through  my little  knowledge  of this app they showed  me how to retrieve  all my transactions  thank you to the team work of this app I am back in business great  job
Perfect I've had this app for a while now, and after trying others, this is definitely the best checkbook app out there. It is clean, user friendly, and allows me to keep my money in order.  The developer is very conscious of user needs although I haven't had any problems.  It is obvious with the updates and improvements that are made with each update. Great investmemt
Use this on all of my phones Beautifully done. This is THE App to have. It never glitches, easy to operate, and best of all it works flawlessly on all six of our family phones and tablets. All different makes and models. Thanks guys Wonderful job.
Great app and awesome tech support. Very easy to set up and use.  Had a minor issue that I couldn't figure out.  Emailed support and within a few hours they were back with an answer   Can't wait to see a Web based app that will allow me to track from my laptop too  You guys are awesome
Great I have been using this app for a couple of years and it has been great. Developers do a great job of pushing out updates and are very responsive to issues
Update I now have Sam Galaxy Note  5 and this app is the first appeared I downloaded, one app couldn't live without.              updated This is now the most used app on my galaxy s3. All the updates just keep making it better. I love this app. Just how I want a bank register. Anxious for the updates to enable resizing and removing columns.
Life Saver This app is amazing It's easy to use and great for my needs. I'm terrible with money and numbers, but this has helped so much. I wish we could make our own labels, but honestly, they have such good labels that it's a minor detail. I wish I could rate it 10 stars
Gettin to be the best App Description area is a bit too large and i have to constantly scroll back and forth when working. Pain in the butt. Needs a way to resize the all sections of the register... But still the Best check reg. App. So far. Keep up the good work 
Fibro Fog This app really helps me fight through the mental fog and allows me to cut down on the amount of paper I carry. Allows me to track numerous revolving accounts with a very personalized touch.
An excellent app Love the ease with which it sets up easy to add and delete categories handles multiple accounts well easier than my quick books awesome app and terrific fast response from customer support thanks Molvi
Best of the checkbook apps I've been using this app for awhile now and it is the best.  Very stable.  Easy to use, even with multiple accounts and a wife who refuses to keep track of her spending   I've had problems with my phone and the back up and restore have been flawless, no loss of data.  Intuitive interface and really easy to customize to your accounting style.
Very Useful I am one of those rare people who always has, and still did until recently maintain a hard copy check register. I absolutely need one, but wanted to move into this century. I tried many apps that were to complicated, not appealing to the eye, andor inadequate. Then I found this one and I have been using it for a few months now and it is perfect for my needs. Just hoping backup to the Drive is coming soon. Thank you.
