Lost weight I always eat at night so I started using this app before bed time and doing 100 squats and I have lost 4 pounds in a week
Love it Just done the basic workout, and oh my god I'm hurting. Great app. Can't wait for round 2 
Comment Oh my gosh I lost so much weight Trust me u will see results in a very short time period. Totallu get this app
Love it I just finished it I hurt all over but I feel healthy and I loved doing this I would get this my mom weighted 300 pounds and she did this for 7 weeks do for 49 days and she weight's 200 pounds now so I would get this if you are wanting to lose weight
I lost weight I've been doing this from 5 to 7 days already and I lost like 50 pounds
I love it Wow those exercises really makes you break a sweat. It feels so good after you finish, contains amazing workout s
Amazing This is really outstanding for me i've just done my basic workout and wow After that i really feel that my fats are really burning So im really share this to my friends thank you very much
Love it Love it please dont change it and make it rubish it doesent need improving apart from the adverts are raily anoying but obviously they need to advertise to earn money  but other than adverts its grate
 Its really nice and easy to follow. Even though the music is quite funny   good funny  the app itself is amazing.  Even if i didnt find it funny, i still have the option to switch it off good job
It's a pain in the ass but if you really know what you want that means it's the best for you.... This is a great app,  I love it Thanks
First go Just had my first go at the app and can't complain so far. very well set out with helpful tips and encouragement along the way too. hoping to get good results. it defiantly gives you a sweat 
Amazing Really helps, shows tips, spead foods and diets, and shows a diffirent way of doing a move if your stuck... oh and also it lets you pause, play and skip movesspecific workouts you dont want to do, hope this helps xx
Cool I love it I'm all ready getting slimmer but boy do I have to suffer for it
Love it Just started doing it and you can actually feel the burn. It feels good like you actually burning some calories off
legitimate Best I've been doing Shaun T Insanity and this app gets me more in pain than the DVD Absolutely amazing, very well set out, hardly any ads. Absolutely incredible. I feel amazing
This is great Since I have something beside me saying what I should be doing and your not doing it alone you become more motivated. This is just great for me
Amazing Love it Love it Love it This app is great and user friendly, the workouts are not as hard as the others but you feel a great change in no time
Daily workout challenge Recently installed but the daily workout challenge  is fab  easy to follow not easy to do and really felt the workout the next day. Using app post baby and it's not too intense but pushes you just enough.
Simple,but effective Love it is fast pace,quick work out that will keep those Abs flat and gorgeouslove it
Great app Very good exercises. .. drained my enery at the first set .... the time for movement  repotions is nust great and makes you wanna quit but if u're motivated enough u just fight your lazy mind... also the instructions are just perfect and not disturbing at all
Great Its so interesting. I just did my first exercise today. Its not easy but its cool. I know it will do me a lot good.
Amazing is not the word Whoa.. I'm in the basic level of training.. and it's my first day.. This app.. I can't explain how much it's helping me.. I can feel the fat burn right from today.. n I'm sweating much 45 mins of workout Damn Worth it
Best ever had It works like magic better than gym because it concentrates on belly fat.....never felt this much pain before....i love it
Omg I love this app  This app is a great way to get me healthier  I have recommended it to friends and they enjoy it as well   boy does the first work out make your muscles ache
Love it I love this app,it had me sweating and in pain. It is easy to follow but if its your first time and you don't do these type of workouts it would be hard to do at first and you would be in pain,but its worth it in the end.
WARNING i just used app for the first time and i found it very difficult, but very benficial. I am warning you now if you are thinking of downloading , to increase the break time and decrease the exercise time a bit and then work your way up when your ready because i found it quite difficult for my first time. EXTREMELY GOOD APP SO DOWNLOAD IT xxx
I felt a change immediately after starting this program. You don't feel alone because the video keeps u alert.  I realize weight gain is a continual battle, But now I'm ready to defeat it with this program and diet. Thankd
Is awesome  Is so funny and fantastic. But I was very exhausted.
Wow Cool.  So hard for a begginer.  But amazing.  Im sweating 
First day I'm dripping sweat and that's saying a lot for me. I love that it asks you if you have more energy to go again. I am sticking to this to see how much better I will get with time
Great ab workout This app provides good explanation throughout the exercises along with alternatives if one is too difficult.  The instructions are clear, precise, and easy to understand. It moves quickly so you can get in, get out, and on with your day. Will definitely continue to use this app
Love it Im speechless it's app is really good.. But I have a question if I pay for the full version and then I mistakenly uninstall the app will I still get my full version
Def Works It makes you sweat  And just in a couple of days makes you feel improvement Also makes you want to even skip days to work out even more and actually makes you want to exercise everyday. Who doesnt have 7 minutes to work out.
