Simple, easy to use I have other calculators that do more stuff, but this one is the best for doing any sort of financial calculations, like income tax. The tape lets me check my work to see if I've made a mistake, and lets me show my calculations to others. Would be nice if it could export the tape as a text file you can copy the tape  paste to another app, but this is a bit clunky
This app has been on every phone I've had since my venerable Droid X.  Tech years are like dog years . . . so that's a hell of a compliment.  Plus . . .  I suck at math.
Love this app This is the best calculator I've ever used. It does everything I need plus is still simple and easy to understand.
Perfect, I've used this Pro app for years I am a project manager and have used this app on my phone and tablet for years.  Excellent in every way, you can't buy a real calculator like this.
Woner why only this app rotates even though the auto rotation is off would be perfect if possible to change  the calculated value so that it can  calculate in reverse. 19 Oct 2015Hi,thanks for a quick response.I will manage it until future update.
Perfect I use this app all the time. Don't know of any other calculator that keeps a tapelist of past calcs. Extremely useful to me Love the occasional updates too.
Love it Have been using this application for quite some time in my estimation it's the best out there. Great job devs
Edit I noticed that it works now and therefore I updated the stars and set the comments to blank, but Play didn't update the comments, only the stars... It's now back to normal  maybe not the prettiest app, but works perfectly. Function over form.
Office Calculator Calculator with tape to record calculations.
Just the Best
Rocking old school I love having a tape calculator on my phone, very stable and purchased full version after one day of use
Very nice 10 Key calculator
Excellent calculator. Methodically laid out display. Very useful if you work with prices and need discount calculations using percentages, e.g. if you're are a retailer. Best Android calculator I've come across for these requirements.
Good job My goto calculator.
Highly functional 2 wishes anyway   1 Ability to save tapes as editable files instead of just CopyPaste to other apps. In Office Calculator the Text is nicely on left   Numbers on the right. On Pasting to a text app. Text   Numbers are messed up  2 Ability to reorder the Function buttons. In this case I can access my 5 most used buttons without scrolling.
Almost Perfect For Me Works great on my Note 3.  Tape function is fantastic, ability to add notes to the calculation is absolutely genius. . Only thing missing is a dark theme.
A little confusing... but Icon and interface should be redesigned to look like a standard calculator to avoid confusion. That being said, I use it everyday and it has replaced the native calculator app. I especially like the tax options.   Update The developer took the time to contact me about my previous review...  which was appreciated. Great developer  Updated to 5 stars for responding to the consumer.
Just what I was looking for App does what it promises, no problems or glitches. I have had this app for several years and the developer continues to update. So much better than stock apps.
Just what I wanted An app that is very useful and has minimal permissions what else could you ask for.
My Fav Calculator So far this is the best Calc I,ve tried. Include History and could correct history without recalculate all from scratch. One suggestion, please add SAVE feature. So I can restore the Tape in the future.
Haptic feedback added. Definitely the best calculator on the market Still using it, still loving it.
Best calculate to have Enough said, it's worth every penny.
Very useful calculator.
My favorite calculator that i use everyday
Excellent
love it farrahvabd mike
I really like this calculator.
The best This was the first app I paid for the pro version and it's still my favorite.
Exactly what I need Love this calculator I use it at work to calculate percentage based sale prices for our products so the  button is exactly the function I need. It might be unique to this calculator because I could not find it on the few others I checked out.  The ability to edit the calculator tape is such a time saver  The buttons are nicely laid out and the Large Button style is the best layout.  Just bought the pro version because I loved the free version so much  Thank you
This is the first app I have bought. It was well worth it.
