Some instruction would help I like Twilight, but can't figure out how to correct my location. It's approximately. 45 N 93 W Minneapolis, Mn,  USA. On you map, I see the 2 circles but found NP instructions about how to correct the location   all location tools are on so I don't understand why Twilight Pro gets it wrong. This only became a problem with new KitKat phone. Please advise.
Liked the original enough to buy the PRO version Wonderful. Works great for me, I'd recommend it, and I'm looking forward to exploring the new options via PRO. Even of there isn't a whole lot that's new... I believe they earned the darn 2 for doing such a great job
Support devs for making a great app Installed Twilight and noticed changes right away it's easier to fall asleep at night after using my device in bed, my eyes don't feel as strained and I'm getting morebetter sleep. I also think my screen looks cool with red tint 
Great  Useful App I've been using Twilight Pro for months now, and it definitely works Similar to the wellknown f.lux program for computers, Twilight Pro reduces bluelight emission  eye strain and induces sleep  melatonin production. It also works really well on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. If you like the app, Twilight Pro is definitely worth the upgrade
Healthy App Blue light also gives off uv rays that can damage your eyes after long periods of exposure. I no longer have to use sunglasses when I use my tablet.
Helps with circadian rhythm I have insomnia which must be worsened by exposure to blue light. This filter allows you to set your location and have the filter change based on sunrise and sunset. I feel like this app has a soothing effect on me. I feel less wired when using it and also have less eye strain.
Sleep Immediately As soon as Twilight starts to kick in, I start feeling tired and immediately fall asleep when reading. Awesome work devs Perfect app
I wish I had this on my laptop, too. This app has really helped me sleep better. I wish I had it on my laptop and TV
Must have f.lux for Android The free version is enough for most users, but I had to buy the pro just to support the great app. Actually I don't even know what features this unlocks D Keep doing great work
Worth purchasing to support the developers. The pro features of the application didn't interest me all too much asides from a sneakpeak of sorts of new features. However, I felt the need to support the developers for their hard work and dedication towards this application.
I've used the free version of this app for months. I didn't upgrade because I wanted pro features, I did it because I can't imagine living without twilight. Thank you.
Essential Should be a standard app on Android. Albeit needs real color temperature adjustment, not this layers.
Good one The app is very good and working flawlessly, even on 1Gb of ram. Unlike competitors it works stable and doesn't crash and make your eyes bleed. 5 stars guys, nice work and keep going.
Worth purchasing I'm glad I could support the developer of the excellent Twilight app. My eyes thank you profusely 
Awesome Makes a huge difference when using my cellphone or reading books on the tablet at night
Excellent app Used the original for 2 years and never had a problem. I've updated to the Pro version only to make a donation for this fantastic app. It is easy to use, doesn't eat my battery and is worth every penny and more. Thank you Urbandroid Team
It works Downloaded Pro because I have felt the health benefits of Twilight and am very thankful.
