Yocam Anice editing software more better than pics art
Wow Just wow
Asweome
Please fix the auto detect acne funtion, because it sometimes removes important parts of the face  i.e feature shadowing ...make it so you can manually remove blemishesacne without the instant auto detect. No problems besides that, 5 stars.
Super Helpful, But... Before I logged out of Beauty Circle forever, I've been seeing inappropriate pictures and curse comments on it. I hate that stuff. I recommend using Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram instead of Beauty Circle. But I LOVE the pictures that are edited by YouCam Perfect, Makeup, and Nails. And I  that the apps are free.
Awesome  I rarely give 5 , but so far,  this is an amazing apps. Creates beautiful and realistic photos. You can shortenlengthen your body parts. I am still learning how to manage the app being you have to tweak the lines around the areas you are enhancing. I hope the dev don't mess it up by adding unnecessary updates.  how you can see the make up on your self and adjust the colors before snapping the pic.
Navsworld It's an awesome app for photography. But some where there is a bug which tends not to run the app. Plzz fix this other wise its an awesome app...
Can haga This camera is good for my selfie but much improvement when I start the camera sign it stopes I report plzz do some improvement
Perfectly perfect I love this app it is easy to use and seriously this is the bestest app ever for me
Excellent App Very Thankful For Free Amazing Filter And Features Works Amazing Here On The Other Hand,Very Clear Selfies Click From The App No Problems At All  Great Stuff,Great Work From The Developer
The best app with everything Love this app you can do everything you want to make your pictures look great, and also the varieties of collage so you can post nice pictures.
Easy  Useful Easy to use, even with any Cloud. Useful, has everyday editing tools in addition to MANY specific uses like holidays, birthdays, romantic, funny or even just friendship or family. I use twice as much as I thought I would  added it to all of my tabs, cells, laptops, etc.
Love.. Love the filters so much.. They are just beautiful  easy to decrease or increase the filter 
Best for selfie If I take a Selfie my face on pimples gone rdy great software
Absolutely love it... If your thinking about downloading this app do it because your gonna love too 
gr8 almost perfect.. cud u plzz add watermark function for selfies..if already present cud u plzz tell me where exactly can I find d same.. tx
BigJ Love this app, all the different frames and if you save one PIC then you can add on top of the one you've save for even better results. 
Cool app I love it. So easy and awesome
Gorges It lets us do any thing. Sweet stuff to  your service. Love your game
Nice app but. . . Plzz fix the auto acne detection feature. It is a problem bcoz it hides important parts of the face
Loved it.. Awesome app great effects .loved the removal part of it .
Wow Best of its kind that I've seen yet So many tools and options
Xelent.. More than i ve xpected...  fotos taken off this app  are of high quality..
