A Smart Money Tool At A Reasonable  Price Great product, would recommend to friends and families. For those who are financially literate this application will be a handy tool.
Wonderful Useful, easy to use and interphase looks great
Good one I am using last six months. This is wonderful for your money tracking... your expense or income can edit,ad and delete. This is attomatically calculate expense and showing hand cash. That's manage our future plans.. easy to use..
Fantastic Keeps track of what I spend on the go.  It's like ur personal accountant at the ready any time,  any where.
Love this app I love this app.  It's really helped me get a handle on all my finances.  I'd love it even more if I could pay recurrent bills automatically for those services that automatically charge my card every month.  Add that and you'll make me a very happy user
Neat app Does the job. Wish there were more filters for the reports, But I guess in time we'll get there...
Totally Worth It The is the best financial management app on the market  Try it and your search will be over.
Great Have had no issues. I love that the interface is so easy to use. I'm new to budgeting and this app helped me see some new perspectives on budgeting and spending.
Good Its a great program, there are a few little bugs, I have sent an email, let's see how fast they are react I keep you informed
So far so good I like it so far still new to me tho.. I do wish there was a piggy bank I could add too. Awesome app tho
Great app Keeps track of all your accounts have had an issue yet
Works well I was able to sync my with my old phone and didn't lose anything Only thing app is missing is ability to split category of expense. Another funny bug, I will always have pending bills due every month, and I have bill reminders disabled, but every restart this pending bill notification comes back It doesn't say what bill and it doesn't go away unless I manually swipe the notification away. If I have reminders disabled then why do I see thisnotification
Love it It keeps me on track with all my accounts in one place
