Would give it 5 stars if you could see the length of how long your players were out for when they get injured and what their injury is.... other than that gr8 game..... would love an NFL version of it . Just got ur answer to my review... upping it to 5 stars now... really gr8 app. Love it... feel silly for not noticing the injuries in player bio..... very excited about the NFL version... how can we find out about it when it comes out 
You should add a score ticker for the other games while we play with our team Great game   I saw in the comment section youre working on a NFL version That would make my day
 PLEASE hurry and add version 2.0 And PLEASE release DM16 I CAN'T WAIT And you should add a way to do call ups from the DLeague, Euroleague and be able to assign players to your DLeague affiliate THANK YOU
Add a couple more features You think you can add features  retire jersey numbers relocate your team all in I love this game
Great game please add computer to computer trade,points allowed rankingstats,coach name edit..
Don't really understand how to make money other than selling jerseys...any help I also think a lot of the players are overpriced
Great game This game is great Do you still know if there will ever be a football game
Great Game Support you all the way.there's a few bugs but that's to be expected. Any time stamp for when 16 is expected to come out
I love it Are you coming out with DM 16 
Great Game  An NFL one would be amazing, I have ideas
Absolutely fantastic I can now make adjustments to my original review. Fantastic work by the maker to fix every issue we had. Awesome game
Money Is it at all possible to include a fantasy draft in this game That would really spice things up. And selling draft picks is essential because real teams sell picks and players. Otherwise I love the app
Great Has been favorite game since it came out. Can't wait for next season
This Game is Awsome This is the best game ever i'm even a champion no one can beat me And this is far from amazing it is super duper fun its my 1 Game simulator in the your the man keep up the good work amd please make a called dynasty 2016 please
Very good game I wish we had more salary cap and can get edit mode on the season when we play so we can edit during the offseason we play overall love it
Another great installation These games are awesome, perfect basketball simple experience, only critique I would offer is a redesign of the UI and smoother  minimal loading times Running on a S6. Buy this game ASAP if you love MyLeague on 2k
A musthave.
Yes Love dis game. Keeps getting better
Carl76 I think that u should choose any place where a player from in draft class cause yall got all states city name and make more games for the this company
Worth the money
Can't wait for 2016
Bug fixed Addicted to this game
Great game
Amazing and fun This game is fantastic Each time you guys improve the app in ways I didn't think you could do. I love the changes you brought to this years game. The one suggestion that I have been wanting since your 2013 game  is maybe having the number value of the rating show up inside the blue bar. It would be really easy to have a quick glance at a persons value just by looking. Look forward to another great season in the game P
Very fun Definitely a step in the right direction. Very fun and addicting Also very challenging. Overall awesome job
Quick question if there's to be A dm16 can u have a part where a page alone of inducted HOF'S I would pay top dollar for the app
Awesome Great but few problems when you sims games you can't stop it but 5 stars though.
This game is awesome.Best basketball manager game ever I really love it. BUT you should add the Coach of the Year,Most Improved Player,Sixth Man of the Year and AllStar mvp award.And maybe also add the ast,reb,stl and blk champion award.Sorry Mr.Developer I have so many suggestions hope you'll consider all of it.
