DSLR Controller definitely works between Canon 70D and Nvidia SHIELD Tablet 2  It gave me a lot of frustration until I realized the original OTG cable wasn't working.  Got a new OTG cable today.  When I hooked both together, turned on my SHIELD, started DSLR Controller, then the 70D...PRESTO  The 70D clicked and the image appeared on the SHIELD.  I am 100 satisfied.  It will make my photography so much easier.
A must have tool for DSLR users with Android phones Works like a charm I can confirm that it works on my Lenovo P780, Samsung Galaxy Note 2, Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7, and Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4. It has the occasional force close but no totally a deal breaker since it only happens once in a while and on extensive use only. The server remote feature is great for use in photobooth and studio pictorial situations.
Awesome It's great to be able to utilise the hardware I always have on hand. This app is excellently done and feature rich. Works great with my 1000d.
Brilliant, but doesn't seem to work with note 4 Addendum issue was indeed the cable.  Back to five stars for this gem.  Program worked fantastically with my note 2 and note 3, but so far I cannot get it to function with the note 4.    Addendum  it looks as if my USB OTG adapter us faulty.  Will try another and change to five stars if it's the culprit  
Perfect app for Alaska photographers I was shooting the Aurora lights and freezing my butt off in negative 17 degree weather. And thought there had to be an easier way. So I went home downloaded this app connected my 60d to my tablet through USB. Headed back out the next night set up my tripod outside of my truck then shut the door turn up the heater and relaxed in my drivers seat with all the controls for my camera at my fingertips.
A Fantastic App Using this with an EOS 5D mk ii and Samsung Galaxy Note 3 with a TPLink MR3040 WiFi router and it's brilliant. Full wireless control for about 35 Take heed of the warning in the app's description about cheap USB cables  I had some problems getting it to work initially and it was all due to dodgy cables.
Worth every peny. EOS 1200D and HTC one M8 perfect combination. Works perfect. Was going to buy an expensive HDMI monitor, but luckily came accros this app. Save a lot of money and got better results that was even looking for. Superb tool, totaly lovin it.
Galaxy s4 and canon t5i, works great Love the effort put into this and usability that this has to offer with the tlmr3040 and the open firmware.  I can use this with a camera jib and feel confident knowing whether or not the camera has a good angle.
works great, Samsung tab 4 8 and 10.1 canon 5d lll. I use it all the time now for my shoots, its just perfect to see things and to show clients to review shots. Could use some more instructions but its easy to figure out.
Most used photography app Excellent application, most complete and a joy to use.  I have even put my TL 3040 also to good use.  Use Nexus 10 and 60D. Thanks guys
Works great, right off the bat. Using with my LG G2 and my Canon T2i. Love being able to focus and control manual settings from the phone with an accurate preview that's much better than the LCD on my camera. Time lapse worked perfectly too. Need a camera mount on my tripod now...
