This game made me Realize that I need to do a lot more. I need to be aggressive enough so I could get out of the RAT RACE Thanks Robert for sharing your brilliance.
It's great When are you going to make cashflow 202 Also the updated 101
Just a little bit easy after several games
Good game
Truly educational. Learning personal finance in a fun and easy way. Just font are too small. Getting out from rat race is much more fun than being tycoon
Love it I love this game so much. I have yet to lose a single round. It is a bit of a battery drain and it would be nice to be able to zoom. But I couldn't care less honestly. This game is such a great thing.
Thank You GREAT game  I love this concept.  I deleted all my candy crush games lol a great way for parents to teach their children about investing. Wish you could save the game.
Wow didn't think it would be so awesome I didn't think I was learning anything till I put it down.  This game is amazing  What a great way to practice investing so you can in real life
The only game I play The rich don't work hard for money Playing this game along with listening to his audio books is something that I would definitely recommend to anyone interested in improving their financial situation
Great for wherever you are Always having this game with me has increased how often I play. For the first time I find myself actually seeing and trying different strategies  a question I never understood in the Web version.  I have noticed 1 bug and a possible second. When a bot has a stock and you get an opportunity with the same stock, the bot is able to buy when it should only be able to sell.
Love the game, it does what it is supposed to do. I experience the emotions of panic and excitement and hope while playing this game. It sort of prepares us to be emotionally stable when making financial decisions.
Cashflow game Fun and easy way to learn the basics in investing. Simple, engaging and great simulation. Encourages one to make as much mistakes and learn from it to hasten the escape from the rat race.
