Has worked exceptional Since the day I downloaded I have been addicted to it Has not given me any problems. It truly works after you get the hang of it Way to go And no having to work your way up to anything dive right into whatever mode you want to test out on yourself
Never used make up before, love it Never used make up before but now I can see the different types and I can refine exactly what look would look great on me I can't wait to try applying actual makeup now  This app also has a huge make up tip section with videos that are very clear and helpful.
I love it I actually hate it because I posted a picture of myself after using this app on my Instagram, but the picture of me is prettier than I truly am in real life so I looked fake but that is just my opinion and It works very well
This app is Amazing This app is amazing it truly works. The quality is amazing and everything is free. Truly deserves a 5 star.
I am in ....... Love with it This app is just super cool . It makes a man's face funny as well as gorgeous ...... But the accessories sometime look unreal . I will be glad if the accessories may look real ........ It truly deserves 5 stars .
amazing this app is so amazing, my wife loves it so much. she doesn't know how to put make up and she doesn't like putting make up anyway, but she wants to look good in her profile pictures on fb that is why she fell in love with this app.
Loved this app Never done such a beautiful makeup even in real life. Very easy to use app
Cool One thing you can see make up when you touch your lips please fix Over all i think its a good game
Best makeup app  Simply love it. At first it didn't work on my moto g2. The whole team of Perfect Crop helps me a lot to solve the problem. Now it works perfectly. It  would be more better if there are an option to makeup all open areas like neck, hands.... 
One word to describe and that is'awesomness'... I know thatz kinda crazy but then itz so much funnnn
Outstanding Have nothinb to complain. I totally really seriously love. And its almost impossible for me to love an app. This is creative n great
Wonderful It is a great app Me and my friends can't stop using it All photos turn out fantastic and exactly how I wanted them 5 star 
PERFECT LOVE IT So much its the best and when I'm bored I just got to this app and makes my boring time to fun time its also funny because I take Pic of my dad and put make up on him and  I show him and we start laughing BUT OMG I AM ATTRACTIVE  WITH THIS  APP LOVE IT SO MUCH NEVER GOING TO UNINSTALL THIS APP 
This app, is insane. Love. Love. Love love love it. Did I mention I love it seriously this app is my favorite app of all time. It's mind blowing. Try it. Be in a room with good lighting and just try it. I love the fine tuning too Seriously try it
Sooooooooooo good Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love it
Amazing app  since i've download it i fall in love with it.. love it love it literally best makeup app ever... download it and have fun guys...
Love it I love this app, I find myself playing it daily. A thing that would make it even better is if you could put clothes on the characters
Best out there I absolutely love this app Want that perfect selfie while sitting around with no make up on, dark circles and bags under your eye's You will look picture perfect It actually looks like you did your make up others dont match evenly with your face, eyes, lips ect...and you can go from dramatic to subtle I get so many compliments and I tell them what I'm using well.....not everyone Lol...but as soon as they see how good it is and it's not my make up they get it themselves Love this
Nice App but one problem Very awesome app but I don't know why its eating my mobile memory like witch eating babies I uninstall many apps delete songs but still when I try  save picture it say disk full please tell me any solution
You can make up It's like I don't know. I know it like you get to make your own .thing's
AWESOME I can seriously sit there for a hour and stare at myself in all different makeups, its free, and fun. Plus has given me some good ideas when i do my makeup 
This app Amazing I love this app. The features look so realistic, and the result looks so real I recommend this game to anyone, its so fun and is Amazing
Love this app A fun free app to play around with.  Sometimes you take a good picture and think, I  could have used a little more makeup...then bam, you just turned it to fantastic with this app. So realistic.  The only thing I think needs a little work on is the hair color part.   Thank you for creating this app.
The Only Makeover App I'll Ever Use This app does a great job at being realistic and easy I don't use makeup in real life but this is fun to play around with
Love it This game is great althought sometimes it does not detect hair appropriately , just make sure everything is easily visable
Awesome I love it...since day 1  i m not at all disappointed..its cool
Awesome I love it I love how it looks so natural and cute like if I did it and I love how I can change my eye color
Great I loved it 
