Loved this app Very very good app. Its just mindblowing many no unlimited frames are there but the problem is the frames load slowly otherwise best app for designing your photo
Beautiful frames and easy to edit.I really enjoy it.Thank you so much for this wonderful frames.
Nice frames Easy to use, lots of great frames. It does take a second to load the frames but so worth it. And yes you can only do one photo at a time but you will not be let down
Good job Its really a good photo editing frames  lot of frames and many more but alot of time Westing in downloading the frames,downloading the frames is so irritated 
Great This is my favourite app. It's awesome                                 I love this aap only for its personality.                                             I'm not getting some frames.  It takes a lot of time.
Love it much. It gives art and beauty to my photos.must download it guyz,more frame to choose.
Photo Collage Art This  app is absolutely beautiful, some of the loveliest backgrounds of any I have ever used.  I have never had a problem with the app loading slow or stopping.
Excellent Very beautify frames Can enlarge or make smaller to fit in the frame just by using thumb and finger.
Wonderful App I loved it.  My photos look awesome created with these beautiful frames. Tks
No 1 app Its very nice  its work in all androids phones tablets.is me sabse acchi baath yeah hai ki ek baar sabhi frames load karne ke baad,baad me offline me bhi use karsakte hai.trust me really nice,install kijiye.
Isa lang masasabi ko ang Ganda super very nice. Kaso nga lang pag sa umpisa may advertise pasya
Very nice Is app se mere photo ko ek new look mila h like this app thank u for this
I really loved it I love the beautiful frames and everything else its really good and so much fun
Hello my friends. Me ..too I liked this app so much .there are 100 or more photo frames........... Wow.  ...  .
Loved it It has so many options that allowed for me to put my pics in frames.
Photo collage I like the art and designed for me very nice apps thank you to the author.
Very happy This is a very nice app.I love it . This make us happy n feel good.I play this app when free time.I like to say it is a nice app .ThAnK yOu
