Good This app helped me out alot allready. Now and then there is a connection issue but i just shut the app down and log in again. Very nice. Pity its only valid for free for a year on the galaxy range.
Was difficult to use, but good now Been using this on my SGS4 for 10 months, great throughput at ORT and MB coffee outlets. Used to be complicated to register, but updated process uses email address instead of random code. Thanks for saving me some  while on the road, SAMSUNG.
It really saved my bandwidth. I have been using this app for the past 12 months. It worked nicely at all the spots where there is alwaysOn. I would like to thank Samsung for the free gigs of bandwidth.
Thanks This 1gb free helps alot each month...and to those who dont know how to use it...conect to the always on wifi regester in the app and then go into the app again if it closes for some reason thrn say login and just minimise the app with home button DO NOT CLOSR THE APP OTHERWISE IT WONT WORK and then you have your 1gb free....not that hard people
Thanks for the data I use this at mugg and bean, KFC,  even while walking around the mall. Works great. I use it to update all my apps.
Excellent app Despite what some others have to say, I did not have a single problem, connected easily  downloaded stuff relatively fast. Much faster than on my office connection in any case.
Great I'm able to connecf to wifi at any AlwaysOn hot spot for free So pretty much any restaurant or mall gives me free access and downloads for up to 1gig a month. Awesome app.
Great app Absolute great app...the application needs you to go in when connecting to always on. You need to click on login,  for those who struggle to get it working
Love it Phone doesnt get hacked and i now enjoy free wifi with my fone at any alwayson hotspot and best of all.i hop on the network at work and safe on data costs
Works great. Have been using it for months and never had any problem
A Masterpiece App No bugs Check No freezing Check No complaints Check If it ain't Samsung It ain't sht
