Winner Winner Chickin Dinner Very fun little app, Even this old guy gets a good laugh out of this. Good Job Guys. Can't hardly wait to see some updates. Dare I suggest a little more animation More characters
This is hands down the coolest App ever. Now I don't have to type my messages anymore but just speak it. It is the cutest thing ever. Now my only wish is there would be ever more characters. This is awesome A
Promise  lt3 I  Aivee Pasion promise that would not be affected whatever is your review. I just thinking what is the problem... But i promise no one can never be Affected from it or be mad on it. Right Guyz  Please click Unhelful,Helpful about my rate. Thanks. I can't wait to try 
Talking Tom is no longer working the way it used to I can send them but can't receive them the only way I get them is if someone reply's to one that I have sent 1st.  I even uninstalled this App then reinstalled it thinking that might clear up this problem.I recently switched my  browser from Internet Explorer to Firefox and I also have two Anti Virus programs I recently had installed because My PC got infected with a bad Virus Please help I love this App
I really like it it just great fun gays and I send it to my friend he was laughing so much so yeah it's great fun download Pleaseif u did text me on Facebook my name is Natalia love wk xxxxxxfrom natalie
Love it The best app I love it I do not hated hate it it I do not hate it its the best app I ever had I'm going to keep this app for ever and ever and it's the best the best app ever made I do not know what I'm going to this is the best app ever this is the best app ever
Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love Love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love
No ground up Now i don't have  to worry about getting cyber bullied BTW this app is for kids not ground up this app is the only escape from ground ups so please let the kids have there own space you guy are all ways saying how we bug you well your bugging me
My coworkers and I use this all day while we're working. We work from home so it's pretty much how we communicate throughout the work day. The only thing I would LOVE to see is more variety in options. You can only use one character for so long LOL
Winner winner chicken dinner It's very good cause you get to go on messenger and play talking Tom so it 2 in 1
Loved it It is cool app and I love it I make video and I choose the characters and the place I can also take picture of the place,but the problem it take days to download.it is cool app.
My talking tom message It's a great game or app ok because I love it and i don, t hate it i like it ok and this is my favorite.
I just loved it.. With Tom's Messenger, you have a whole new way to send messages to your friends from your phone.
I love it This app is funny in a very way . however I would like if there were a few more movements as I speak and move it would react to my movements to then it would have been super super good but for now I liked it I enjoyed it and I have in a wonderful time with it laughing my ass off on my friends too.
Talking tom for messenger I  diz gme  plz download this game it's so cool so funny I like this gme
Funny  Love it. Now I do have a new way to chat with my friends 
Talkin  Tom BEST video app for messenger Send ur friend a video instead of a pm ... the message is sooo much MORE personal AND wires can't be crossed due to typin error that leaves it friend think in wtf Expression r better says that typed, that way there is no room 4 error BRILL IF I CUD GIVE IT 10 STARS I WUD
This is a really cool app you can talk to your friends with different characters I like .   you can send them a message
Awsome app hahahahaha Its awesome my two year baby girl loves it she just cracks up every time she gets a message from her grandmother.. i love it very cool app.
Talking tom for messenger This was the best app I've ever gotten since I got any electric appliance
Amazingly Awesome M 19 n Neva Seen Such A Gr8 App. Amzingly Unblievable. 07Stars For Uh 
It's just awesome My daughter is 12 and when ever she is free she just take my phone for this app and hole day she is behind it
Awesome Simply the best I've ever downloaded... Bravo it's fantastic, don't change a thing. Still smiling at people's reactions to messages... Love it
AWESOME I like Hank. Does he have an app game like Tom and the rest does
Fun to use. I actually did a video and shared it on fb have everyone cracking up. My son will love it
Comments Everybody's comments are good an I never got a app like this
I love the talking tom cat I'm glad you come back for free Tom I'm glad you finally nothing at this time but talking to the the Samsung and Google
LuvMeOrH8Me I'm trying for 1st time but it seems fun already I hope it stays like this...5 stars
