Excellent app and customer service I've been using this app for a while and find it really useful. Only gap or so I thought was the ability to grab a screen shot and attach it to a receipt. I finally sent an email with this feedback and very quickly received detailed and accurate information RE how to do this. Very happy
Great App Great example of an app designed to do one thing very well. It has simplified keeping track of receipts and filing expense reports.
Love this thing Loving it My bro told me about this expensive app but I wasn't sure I'd like it. Now that I've found yours, he's cancelling his membership  switching to this. Great job guys
Great App ,Super support First time I have ever rated an app. I have never used an app that warranted the effort. This app has changed how I do things.  I can now say to my book keeper, here is the gas receipt from last tuesday I run a small business and paper is my nemesis. But I now have it under control.  Thanks to Will for all the support. With his help the app does more then I could have hoped for. If you have trouble keeping your paper organized don't hesitate to purchase this app.
Perfect solution for my company Love the tool, love the service Exceptional configurations ability  Well done
Awesome..great service Wow when I first tried to download it..the app didn't load..so I bought the app and it still didn't load...so I wrote to the maker of this app..he was so helpful...loved that he took the time to make sure I was a happy customer..turned out it was a glitch in the app store that day...next day it downloaded no problems...but was super nice of Will to help like he did..thanks...and anyone who is interested...app is amazing..and so helpful
Great app Tried many of the so called expense report apps on Google apps. This is the best one I have found to date. No monthly cost and WiFi required. Customizable in many ways. OCR would be nice and see it is in the works. Only thing that would put this to the 6 star level for me would be a job or possible number field. Understand it can be done in comments but would be nice to have a DB of job or PO numbers to select from. Great job
Perfect organizer... Time saver...I am a Contractor and have been fighting with methods to track receipts..this is it....
Freaking Awesome I use this for everything. I ever figured away to track income. How did I ever live with out this. The app is very easy to fine tune to what you need.  Also any questions I ever had were answered right away Couldn't ask for anything better.  Keep up the good work.
Great app I have had no issues using this app. Would like to see a few added features such the ability to crop receipt images  the  ability to compress an image just to save space. Still a great app
Clean interface and custom settings Intuitively organize receipts, mileage and  data to share with your project team. Developer is responsive and available.
Great Been using this app for a year now. It keeps me organized and saves me hours of time and energy. Great resource, great customer support, highly recommend it
Very effective.  Great support. I use this weekly and I have contacted the developer twice.  He's very responsive.  We could be old friends.  My only wish  allow me to import email receipts so I don't have to take photos of my computer screen.
Great app galaxys5 Best of all I tried. Only wish  save the location name permanently, even after sending report
Keep Track Of Expenses This is a great app to track my cash expenditures and not go over budget. I like the fact that I can email it to myself for storage in a pdf format. If possible it would be nice to have the ability to add categories as needed, so I don't always have to put it in the 'other' category. Still a great app.
A very useful app Well designed, with excellent configurability to suit most needs.
Great app a must have I love this app Can't wait for the new features Thanks so much for the help and support
Great app For keeping track of expenses.  Saves me hours every month.
Best ever This app is marvelous. If it's changed my entire receipt submission process and made it much more efficient great job
Awesome program I have tried a lot of reciept tacking programs this is the one I keep returning to, it is easy,  reliable and most importantly customisable, I must also add the service is excellent
Works great Lots of customizable options, so much easier than carrying around loads of receipts.  Also, contacted their support with a question and actually got a person that had an easy answer for me.
Cropping Great App but I wish I had the ability to crop the receipts... Also, when you set the default trip length to 7 days, it instead sets it to 8 days... Thanks
Easy to keep track of expenses by credit card etc. No bugs
Great tool This does everything you need to do receipts
It has helped me become more organized I used to take all of my business receipts and put them in piles on my desk. Every few months I would spend hours reconciling my expenses. Now I download the weeks receipts and manage my expenses very quickly. No more paper piles on my desk and my PL is always up to date. It is my favorite app
Love it Does as described. Travel lots for work and I keep track of all my receipts with this app. Exporting report looks great. Have recommended it to others. Nobody has unfriended me yet
Great expense tracker Awesome app. The latest version can now record distance. I can track travel, receipts and then generate a PDF report then cut and paste into the Company approved expenses form.  The distance option is a real big bonus, makes it really easy to capture all the different trips.  Once do I attach the report from SR and off it goes to accounts Love the totals helps make sure I havent missed anything.
Tried the free version and noticed that it was missing something that would be very useful to me.  Contracted the developer and he was able to make the change for me.  It now is perfect for the reports I need to run for my work expenses.  No more wallet full of receipts
Great help when traveling Great app and awesome tech support when I was upgrading my phone.
Fantastico I use this on every trip. Great job.
