Great App for tracking money Been using this for a while now. The features Ive found useful You can have multiple accounts, you are able to add any categories and sub categories you want to categorise expensesincome, you can set automatically recurring transactions, you can filter the list of your previous transactions to see exactly when spends were made, and you can set budgets and view how much you have leftoverspent throughout the month. Also get a net  or  value over the month.
Great money manager I Use it every day, very easy to use, love the recurring transaction feature and the ability to see the balance a month in advance , well worth the few dollars spent and I don't buy very many apps usually opting for the free version.
Why I love this app It just does everything. I don't usually write reviews but this app is brilliant. Absolutely 100 worth the cost.  I can easily change between the 3 currencies I use in my daily life. I can set budgets and it can show me how much I have left in total, it calculates how much I have a day to spend and how far behind I am.   If you want to save money and take control of your finances there is no better way than tracking your expenditure, and this app does the trick.
At last a great home finance app I've been looking for a decent app to manage my home finances on Android for a year, and this is the one. Easy management of recurrent expenses with a great way of looking forward. I haven't explored all functions yet, buffeting is something I'll have to get into. My only minor gripe is that there isn't a 'drop out' calculator for updating transfers. Impressed that there is for all other inputs though
Great Easy Money Tracker It was easy to setup automatic recurring debit and credit calculations for things like paychecks, mortgage payments, parking fees, utilities, insurance and so on. Now, by looking ahead in its list view, I can always see exactly how much I can spend while ensuring my mortgage will clear weeks later. This has given peace of mind while helping to pay off debts faster. Its easy to add things on the fly and it remember previous entries when you start typing...very handy.
Simple, fast, useful, triple threat This app is great Period. There is only one change that I would like to see in the graph option, if I filter certain categories, I want to see only those categories on the graph, not graphs of filtered vs other expenses. Again, this app is great Thanks
great application so far... just purchased the pro version, so still figuring out all the features. I like the recurring transactions, budget features and the graphs. I think it will really help me stay on track with my finances. I love the fact that I can back up my data to drop box and get  updated data on my other devices without having to input  every thing all over again really enjoying the app....the pro version is worth it
Dropbox sync problem I have found this app very useful. Although dropbox sync functionality does not work as expected. The message I see is Another app on your phone may be trying to pose as the app you are currently using... Do you havea an idea of how is this problem fixed It is probably an issue of my dropbox appaccount, that is why I am still rating 5 stars.
I used it ever day I never get myself in trouble.  This app makes it so there's never a question to how much money is in my accounts.
Essential. 2 Requests ... Please allow accounts to display in multiple currencies andor toggle. Also, update icon to Android 5.06.0. Keep up the good work
Excellent App Excellent Service A very flexible app with an easy learning curve.  The freebie is great but it saves a little time to go directly to the pro version go for it
Excellent App for keeping track of Spending I have been using this wonderful little app for a number of years now and I find it easy to use and very useful for tracking spending.
Simple, easy to use, love it It's simple and I liked it so much I paid for the pro. Helps me log every expense and track my monthly budget to see if I'm on track.
Excellent financial aid I've been using the Pro version for about a month and a half. So far I really like it. It has been easy to understand and use. I expect it to take a couple of more months to develop its own routine with repeating bills and pay checks. That seems only reasonable.
Excellent app ..... This does everything I require and is easy to use and understand. I use it for all household expenditure and the analysis has enabled me to veer and haul accordingly. The software writers are also very responsive to feedback. This app is a good buy
Simple, unobtrusive and useful. It works very well to provide graphs and track spending. It's simple to use and very useful. It lacks some of the polish and advanced features of other budgeting apps but none are as unobtrusive as this one, just check out the permissions list.
Greatest budget app on Android It would be nice to have a widget to quickly add expenses.  One little graphic issue, in the graph tab, the pie chart doesn't show the  when the value is under the month.
My Day to Day Expenses Tracker Would love it if we can get Material design for this app.
