1st app I ever paid for I don't buy apps unless I'm incredibly impressed....I bought this one because it fits that description.  I'm hooked Worked on my Motorola Droid Razr, and my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and now my Note 4.
Superb App... Loved everything about this awesome app, highly recommended 
LG G4 Great app i use it daily to touch up photos etc...
Outstanding I'm still blown away by how useful and incredible this app is. Worth Every penny 
Fun App Great for touching up a picture.
Touch retouch Great app for removing people  or things from all your  pictures,  I've had some fun with this app.
I love this app, its AWESOME
One of the best apps I have
Amazing The bees knees
Btween all the  rest this is the best
Great app Great app, but still has some work to be done
Love it....have it on my ipad and was happy to find it on android too
MAGICAL
Awesome app Amazing app
Yeah Still Awesome
1st paid app
Brilliant Love this app 
Excellent App Changed my idea of what makes an acceptable picture There is so much power in being able to say I can take any picture and edit out undesirables instantly on my cellphone
Interesting and funny I do like it very much...finally I found an useful program that allows me to make changes in my pictures without spending a great deal of money. It works fine in my smartphone and my 8 tablet
very cool installed on Note 4 and Tablet 10.5. Both work great. No professional but great results most of the time
Solidly in the Amazing Column Touch Retouch is a great, efficient tool for editing photos. It is powerful, easy, focused on what you need from it, and amazing.  Best simple tool box that comes with with impressive processing in the background.
Love it I use it all the time. But I wish you would fix the freezing up that I always get if I work on a photo for too long. Then I lose all the work I did and have to start all over. Other that that it's one of my favorite apps.
live it, love it. You can't erase memory. But you can. You have these gorgeous photos with this unwanted guy removed. voila no need to cut your photo. You will forget him, soonish, just look at these photos without him
