Easy and offline money convertor Great and easy convertor. Lightweight and works also offline.  Perfect for travels to countries where you don't have LTE or similar
A Travel Must 5 Stars It's something I can Not Live  Without.
Currency converter Handy weapon for dealing with money handlers in the airport showing them the current rates of exchange Unfortunately i can't stuff you into my SD memory, you take up main storage in this pos device.
Love it Great app and very easy to use. i purchaged this now no adds.
Super useful Keep up the good work 
Great app very handy Just paid  1.29 to remove  adds  and it's all good  now thanks
Really handy Very good and easy to use currency converter. I really appreciate the easy comparison of a range of currencies.
Currency converter Really easy to use.
Like
Bad Not correct value I'm  living in Oman always gives bad result  and false
Better then the rest plus this is for support and thanks, fantastic.
Best by far. Had the free version for awhile, figured I use it so much after I moved to Europe, I should just buy it..
Excellent
Perfect
Excellent Keep up the good work For years I relied on XE Currency but their unpredictably weird updates as well as fishy privacy made me change over to Easy Currency Converter. I've never had reasons to look back, I'm really glad that I did. 
Great Useful stable app. Good work
Great easy interface. Useful for travel  Bitcoin users This app is fantastic, it has a really good interface that is intuitive, fast and works just how I want it to. Does Bitcoin, milli Bitcoin, Gold, silver etc
Works well Simple layout,  good for currency's that have lots of digits  ie Vietnam Dong because it adds the comma in as you type..  12,000 . 68c very easy to add extra zero otherwise
Usefull For an average person like me it helps to see how the worlds economys are doing compared with news. i.e Russian Ruble
I. Medina Great app, very useful.
Simple and effective app. Nice job, developers.
Very useful Useful, easy to seeinterface. Keep up the good job
Very useful tool
Excellent
AWESOME  No. 1 application in the android market. Easy to operate. Thanks Developers. I am using PRO. version.
