Took us, my oldest son and I, longer than 8 weeks to complete the program. But we did it. Started the very begining of August. Ended the middle of October. Have our first 5k this weekend. Lost 26 pounds in that time. Couldn't be happier.
Works App does exactly what it said it would. Allows play of Amazon and Pandora music. Outside the app of course. Phone was wiped and app had all my records automatically. Voice is soothing and dims the music when she talks. Happy with the app and of course your results depend on your dedication.
Couch potato Okay I'm really not a couch potato but I like to eat and I hate to run This is a great app to help you slowly get into running and feel good about yourself. Thanks c25K
Awesome App I absolutely love this app  I'm training for my first 5k and couldn't do it without this app.  Haven't run in 15 years and within one week I'm already getting back into it and by some miracle am even enjoying it  It's all because this program eases you in slowly.  Perfect for those of us who are not fond of running but choose to do it anyway.  Can't wait to try the 10k training program
 Best app Simple to use. Does exactly what I want. Only thing I miss is the diary it used to have where you could record your runs
So far so good Considering I am overweight and out of shape...this app has gotten me moving. And in increments I can handle. My hope is to continue and start running..lol
Bought Pro I bought Pro once I finished the training because it is such a great app I had to support Working on training again for my second 5K after taking a couple years off. Perfect pace for me and a I've hated running my whole life because of my asthma.
50 and overweight At this point in my life the last thing I thought I could do is run a 5K but thanks to C25K I am. The graduial work up over the course of eight weeks is the perfect recipe for accomplishing your goals. Thanks Zen Labs I'm a beliver
Awesome training app I'm 5 and starting to run is scary. The pace of the program is easy to pick up I did power walk and not feels good to be jogging I stead of walking  The tips I get via email are also awesome. Still prefer to run outside, but this can be used on a treadmill or outside, great app
Paid for pro to compensate developers I had been using the free app for quite a while, and it is has helped motivate me to run at least a couple of times a week. I decided to purchase the pro version to pay the developers not so much because I wanted the pro features.
A fantastic app and a fantastic program One of the best apps I've ever used. The program is challenging without being extremely difficult. Def recommend.
Galaxy Note 4 This app is awesome. Im not much of a runner but just finished week 1 and already see inprovements.
Technology is a good thing I've done this training program before with a Nike watch and it was so much harder to be accurate. The voice prompts are great It kept me focused to get through the workout. Great app
Just what I needed, no issues. Thank you C25 PRO Great app, getting me back to where I need to be
Very helpful Just finished my first week.  This app helps give me the crucial motivation to keep at it
Was able to finish Truly started from couch potato. Finished the entire program. A few days behind schedule but who cares Great motivator.  Can't wait to run a 5k now. 10 minute mile pace seems a little fast for a beginner though. Give it a try.
Great app App does as it says with upgrade and tracks great better than Nike Running. It's motivational and not buggy.
Great basic starter app Love the coaching cues for warmup, start next set, halfway point, minute left, cool dow and completion. Just wished it had GPS tracking my route. Not a problem though. Turned another that had Gps tracking.
Awesome I absolutely love this app. Makes running not only easier but more fun
Did it This app is great, I went from couch to 5k in the 8 weeks. Five 
Nice simple interface But does really bug me that even after paying for app it's determined to link to my Google account and post updates. Constantly having to bypass that each time I login.
Love it I hated running then I started using this app and now I can't stop
The one you want Does everything you need it to and now it works in landscape mode it just went from 4 to 5 stars
