The update on 2411 sucks guys fix it Viber won't open properluly and stops running after a while
Great for calls overseas Blowing my mind all over the world Never be out of touch or fearful of expensive calling plans again Get Viber or get charged
Stevo P.E I've been using Viber for years now. It's awesome. It's on par with messenger and whatsapp. Never had an issue on my Samsung
Fantastic Have had no problems, great for calling or texting when there's poor phone signal as it works via internet. Also great when abroad as can use hotel wifi and not worry about mobile tariffs. Would highly recommend
backing up  restoring old chat history well I hope that I have the ability to move old Viber chat history
Spam Make custom notification sound for each contact like that in whatsapp or something similar. I don't like to hear spam messages in 4 AM when I sleep.
Fix it faster please  I updated today and now I can't open it Can you fix this faster please because I need it a lot.
Violates priority mode When phone is in priority mode Lollipop 5.0.1 Viber makes notification sound even though priority mode is supposed to be silent if not manually overrided by user which I have NOT done.
Pretty cool Love it,Like it...more protect user more perfect app...more..security ..we needed
My cell samsung S4 the camera not work when i open in viber but with out viber it work very good
About this update .. Unfortunatelly, viber has stopped.  pls fix it as soon as possible lollipop 5.0.1  Galaxy SIV
To update to the latest version as of 24.11.2015 one needs to uninstall it totally Great feature added but one needs to deinstall and install back from the scratch, elsebit does not work.
Viber is king Definitely the best mms messaging app... It's a lot like whatsapp but cooler
Thanks for video out fix  Before the video out was not working on my s4 ASOP 5.1.1 but now all seems ok. Thanks great job.
A bug on galaxy s6 After the last 2 or 3 updates I've noticed that the icon on my screen doesn't show when we get new msg. Before we use to have an red number of unread msg indicating msgs unread. Please fix that. It's a good visual feed back other than msg on the notificantion area.
