Great for students I forget my real hp12c all the time, so this makes a great backup to have for classes. The 12c is a great tool and a timeless classic.
Just what I need Now I've got the legendary 12C in my pocket wherever I go
Fantastic Just like the real thing.  Fabulous
Terrific If you have the original HP 12C, then you are going to really like this. Just like having the real thing in your pocket. Well done
Works Great I just found out to get all the financial part of this to show up is turn your phone to landscape mode and then just is like the original HP 12C  Awesome.
This is excellent Please consider making an official app for the 48G or 49G.
The Only One I tried some versions arround, but nothing compares to this one, the original thing.
It's fixed and works perfect, please test your updates Its back working, thanks for the bug fix, please test before releasing  I use this program every day, it's the best looking out there by far, and with all the enhancements the very best to work with as well, and I've tried 4 others, you're the best, but I expect the best from HP as well.  Nice job
It works again Thanks for the bug fix.
Original HP12C  Great Calculator Nothing beats original HP12C. Layout, look, and feel just like HP12C  Suggestions on next update 1. Able to adjust font type  bigger font size  bold face 2. Option to change buttons on portrait mode such as 1x, square root X to more often used T,  difference. 3. able to dim gold color frame
Update trouble App does not open after update it...
HP12C  A must have This app is a must have if you are used to the real one Have it on both iPad and Nexus 
Still the gold standard So convenient and easy to use. Having used the HP 12C for years this app is perfect.
Great to have.my old reliable back
The real one Worth every penny even if prgm calculators are outdated today. Fun using it
Great app I'm looking forward to having a setting like the one on your HP15C that hides the status bar and allows the calculator to be larger. Keep up the good work. Would also be nice to have a settings option to have the  key on the portrait display to replace say sqrt.
Just like the real thing Perfect for when the HP12c is back on the desk
Great to have. Works perfect.
