Thanks Thanks for a great app, this has replaced my stock Samsung app on my Note 3, it is perfect, I can't think of one complaint or improvement, I love how simple and intuitive it is, reminds me of the MIUI dialer, keep up the good work
Great Great, I love this dialer, much better than Sony Z2 dialer especially with theming. One thing, I would love a new more stock Android like icon now that I'm using the Google Now Launcher and can't change it
Doesn't work on Note 3 Bought the pro version.   Doesn't show up under applications, so I can't open it.  It shows as installed in the play store, and I was charged for the app.    Please fix.
I love this. The google dialer is hard to use and leaves a lot to be desired in the aesthetic  department. This dialer has everything that before was lacking. It's pretty, smooth, and well integrated. A
Great App Love this app. Well worth the money. Please assist with one thing though. Can't seem to make it my default app. Sony Xperia Z1
I love this app Nexus 5 doesn't have a builtin dialer that can perform Pinyin search, but this app is not only nicelooking but also easy to use.
Very fluid Love it. Need address bar to paste phone numbers, which alone is missing.  Found help  LONG PRESS CALL BUTTON AND CLIPBOARD NUMBERS GET PASTED.
Excellent Runs super smoothly. Using the black ics theme.  Wouldn't mind same theme with green digits instead of blue. Oled friendly too.  Happy to make a donation too. Thanks.  PS love the companion contacts app.
Worth every cent This is the first app I ever bought from the Play Store, 4 years after my plunge into Android. I'm picky as hell and I love this dialer.
I'm backIts good First off after giving the google dialer a second chance I decided to come back. It seems that lollipop has a lot of bugs and Google has yet fixed their dialer the way I use dialer. Exdialer, you've been working for me since I got you over a year ago and I shouldn't have left you, please forgive me.
The best One of the best. I rarely purchase a pro application especially when free version is fully functional. But wanted to thank the developer for a great application.
Ex Dialer Love it I'm a theme junki and just found out I can change lot's of stuff. Thanks for your hard work. It's easy to use and so much nicer than plain.
At last a dialler that is clear and works excellent  even my wife can use it
Excellent I have used a lot of dialers, but this is a must have.  I like being abke to switch phone themes based on the time of the day.
Good replacement Good replacement for Google Contacts in Android Lollipop running on Nexus 4. At least Groups column still there. Need to learn more about this apps, hopefully can get more benefit from it.
GS3 Loving this dialer...very unique ...as I said on the free version.. I like being able to set a second theme.. now we need a update to change color of the font those who enjoy using this app I think will like it too
