That Umph Whether or not you have worked out for years or are new to it, this app will definitely get you moving in the right direction  something about just having the app on your phone gives you that light kick in motivation. Helped me get back into the groove.
Loved it I really liked this app When I started it I was like this is way too easy but it gradually increases and gets harder and harder. Today is day 30 and I totally see and feel results Now I just need to figure out what to do going forward There should be the next 30 days app or something to help continue on with the progress
I am on the 25th day and there is a visible difference If you do everything right, you can have a sixpack in a month
Works At first i didnt i was going to do this but i can feel the results so thanks im a big girl and i do tend to keep using this app till my 30 days are up thanks i even downloaded the butt challenge  thanks guys
I've done the ab challenge a couple of times before and have always hoped for an app to come that is just as simple as marking off the days.  Very happy, and happy that there are apps for some of the other 30 day challenges as well.
Simple, but good Nothing fancy here, but it is effective. Many of the other apps have too many nonworkout things going on. This is just the workout, and ads. But hey, free means ads, so deal with it. They don't interrupt the workout, so ignore the crybabies.
Very pleased I am not too far into the 30 days, day 6, but I am really pleased. It is definitely challenging and I love the reminders. I hate that if you are trying to listen to music it will stop your music when you hit next exercise.
Challenge to our own self Its a good app. No trainers...no tools...and the best thing is do it at home.  DIY the workout with in 30 minutes, that fabulous'
Kind of easy compared to the other 30 day challenges Very helpful photos, but this challenge is much easier than their Plank, Butt, and Squats versions.
Great app I use a combination of abs workout, arms, back and butt. Do them. all daily for 30 days and you'll end up with a great figure. Do this 4 before moving onto the other 30 day challenge apps as they are more advanced. Highly recommended routines when combined together. Oh, the best part For a free app you are not bombarded with adverts. You get ONly ONE AFTER you complete your workout.   Any chance you can develop flexibility apps   Thanks
Great Ab Work I can totally feel my abs working and getting stronger. The app does great at progressively adding more reps so that even the beginner can easily get through the workouts. And the daily routines don't take very long.
Out of the gym settlement. Just the perfect app  The reminders reminds me to stick to my exercise routine and thus I never miss out the workout. Think this is what is called out of the gym settlement can do the exercises anytime anywhere without any instructor and at my convenience. Its a must app for those who don't have time to spend hours at the gym.
Works Great for someone who hates exercise,  but still knows they should do it. Easy, step by step. I don't have to think about a thing.
MSG Will only work if you're willing to put it the time, feels pointless during the first few days then it starts to feel really good when you feel it work.
Great addition to a daily workout Trying to cut down this summer and finally get abbs. I already work out about 1h and 30 min a day but need a little bit extra to burn last bit of fat. Currently on the fifth day of doing day 30 and i can definitely see a difference. Yes i skiped to the end probably a bad idea but i need sixpack fast. Has anyone else done this and has it worked
Loved it I completely loved the app, not only are d exercises effective, i feel great. The aap is a,life saver. I can keep a check on my workout. And d new feature... Adding a reminder its like cherry on top of d icing
Great app I'm about to start day 3. I can already feel it working just from the first 2 days. Very easy to use. Easy to follow. Workouts gradually get more intense. Great at home workout app.
13 days in I love the app,It's very simple to use the videos are helpful just in case you are unsure on how to do the exercise.I'm starting to see results and I can feel my abs getting stronger.
Download it It's a great app, if you are focused and looking for a quick fix for your tummy this is for you There's only one thing holding you back YOU Download it and kick start your bikini body now
19 days in The workouts stay challenging by increasing the reps everyday I'm already doing more sit ups, crunches, leg raises and planks then I have done any one time in my life Still 10 days to go I have lost a good 5 inches from my waist since I started Good way to kickstart yourself back into gear Perfect length of time as well, your body adapts after 30 days.
Love it I needed to start doing more exercise after I had my baby, I combine this with the cardio  and can feel a huge difference already. Will be downloading the other 30 day challenges as well. Gives you the motivation definitely
