Love the app This app made this diet so much easier I used to try to track my countainers on a piece of paper and it became hard to look back at other days to see how I did. Now it's so easy. And if I'm out to eat all the foods I can have r right on my phone
New So far so good.  I like the fact it shows me the Food list and color so I don't have to guess when I'm out.
Very happy with it I tried the free apps but constantly had problems with it. So far this has been great, no problems does what I need it to do.
Excellent App It fits the 21 Day Fix program perfectly. I only wish there was a food planner to go along with it. Then it would beat perfection.
Very helpful This app is great for the 21 day fix program. You don't have to log what you ate, just what color containers that you used.  If there was a way to add extra work outs it would be even better
So far so good I'm using the app for the first day, and it's pretty nice so far.  Weight and measurements can be entered and the option to use half containers is nice. The only change I could think of would be to actually enter which foods you eat with the container check off.  Other than that, this will definitely do the job.
App makes the 21 day fix easy Love the 21 day tracker so much. No paperwork to keep track of and I always have my phone with me so I can check off the foods as I eat them.
Super easy to use I LOVE this app for the 21DF Super easy to modify the number of containers,teaspoons, and water. I love how it tracks measurements and weight and when checking off the containers, I can do halfs. The ease of simply pressing a color and taking it off the list literally takes 2 seconds. I also love the food list so everything is handy and always with me.
So easy So much better than keeping track on paper. I used to dread filling out the form and having it out at all times. The app is great Easy to keep track of containers, track weight and the food lists are very handy. So worth it
I really like this app. The only thing I wish it would do is to tell me the portions.
Awesome Breaks down what you need and which foods you have to choose from for each container Tracks progress exercise and weight Heck yeah Best app ever
This app is so much better than the free one I was using. Still feel there could be more to it but all in all it does what I need it to do
21 day fix This is a great app, that helps be keep on track with my portion control.  I use it in conjunction with my Fitbit app where I can log what I eat.
Basic app. Really, it's not rocket surgery. It does the job of helping me remember my container count without any noticeable bugs. Didn't slow my phone or drop offline. I have an android.
Coach I am constantly on the go, this app makes it so much easier to log my meals  workouts, and track my progress. Thank you
