I've used this on three tablets of various ages, and have special liking for this latest version.  As a type 1 diabetic, this has helped me recognize when I'm making mistakes. Currently I am at a BMI of 25.30, and that is good for me. I was diagnosed at 26yo, and am currently 73yo. Diabetes needs to be treated aggressively. If you want this to be really useful, journal the findings every morning If you do that, and pay attention to detail, your life will be extended, as will your attitude
Brilliant It's good useful.. Help and looking after yourself.. Health range and can link slimming world helpful weight loss
Love it I am a trainer and I like using this app with my clients... It would be nice if there were a way to save past measurement info in it though.. but still a good app and is accurate
BMI calculator It is a measure to control my weight  diet. It is a guard to monitor  my realtime weight and to have my diet and exercise at any given time.
Great Very helpful with weight loss I am able to see my ideal BMI and current BMI
Lots of options Great, lots of options and very interesting. You could add an Asian BMI option for Asian people who are consistantly under weight.
Simple and work well This simple apps works exactly as what i expect.
BMI I downloaded this app, because I like to know  keep track of whether I'm in limits with my weight etc., I do have to agree with one other reviewer that asked if There's a way to save store one's data as you go on in a year  age
LOVE IT this app really helps me learn about me, I knew I was a little bigger than normal but this app helped me see a bigger picture thank you
Your weight lost app. I love it I'm have lost 2.4lbs.
Nice It really helps you track of your progress.
Hate my numbers currently but this app helps the perspective Easie peasie fill in   it calculates
Use this once a week for my in home medical records. With several medical conditions, it is important to keep track of all the factors involved with this app. Best of the field 
Great app. Can monitor and control my BMI
Great app Makes job done in very easy and user friendly interface
Best App for Health. For those people who wanted to take care of their Health.
BMI Index Very nice app...gud for DOCTORs clinic
Awesome,  I got it right Thanks   this is inspiring
Nice apps Its very good for everyone because once in a week we should check bmi yorself nd our family member nd know the condition of weight and check our diet also.
I like this app I love it. This is awesome app. It's very helpful to me.
Amazing Mary Smashing love it no complain
Great app Very useful, helpful tool. I use it all the time.
Great This is really good, and very interesting. It's a must check. Trust me you'd like it
Easy to use and fast results,love it
Good app It's a real time results shower
Starting weight loss I like that the app keeps my  stats so when  I lose weight I just type it in.
