I really love this games 1rst thing you have to know I am from Egypt and I speak Arabic OK and 2nd thing my school is called Orouba language school in the maadi
I love it Dawson and cool you get built cars he could to build cool stuff you tell copters
Great, amazing, awesome My little brother named Owen loves, loves cars so he loves the game Now all he talks about how much he wants to build helicopters, airplanes, and awesome cool cars He also is now choosing his own clothes He put on a beanie, long sleeve shirt, and grey shorts He also wore one of my flip flops and one of my tennis shoes
Great for kids For people moaning about sandbox mode or rubbish graphics, this is a game for children not for grown ups although I'm not stopping them from playing it, kids don't care about the actual graphics, they just want to get rid of bordem.
Great imagination building My two year old loves this game,  he's proud when he unlocks new items and loves creating different vehicles, and mixing up character outfits.  Great game for car rides.
Cool nice game for kids My small brother loves it it  is pretty cool he enjoys the music and also the levels kept in the game my brother now plays it every time and so do I like the game not bad. Cool game my small brother keeps it cool he don't stop playing until my mother comes and take it.
I rate 5 star I rate 5 star because i like this game not just me my little sister 6 year old like this game too
My 2yo Has Taken Over My Tablet My 2yo loves this game After sitting down with him and showing him how to play he now plays by himself. I can't keep tablet or phone charged he plays it so much. Easy controls and smooth graphics. New items unlock by collecting items in game. No ads or inapp purchases. Completely safe for little kids but always adult supervision cause Google button isn't far away. Enjoy parents
Lego's Juniors create  cruise My 4yr old loves the game he completed it in 1 day. I had trouble downloading 3x but I think it's awesome for kids.
Four year old loved it He Completed every task and still wanted to keep playing it. More please, Lego  As an adult I found it dull for the first ten iterations, then the rewards started to get interesting building options
Love this app my 3 yr 6 yr old and 8 yr grandsons love it No annoying ads lots of fun
Lego, once  again you nailed it. Simple and engaging adventure that a 1yo can figure out. This one's been in rotation for a while
Aanajha Rajkumar My little brother told me about this game last night and he let me play 2 rounds and I said this game is AWESOME.
Pretty cool but creepy when i reach these blank faces yellow skin and when i open da door the man movez  and looks. But funny part is HA HE.E.E.E The most funny part.ever.
More vehicles My four year old son loves this game. Can you add motorcycles and a propeller type plane
Loved it This game is great My little brother and I love it so much. Best game ever for kids
Love it love it love it LOVE IT This game is totally  awesome  you can do anything  with  it  it's  great for kids BOM Haters are meancoooooooooooool game
I WANT AN UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE Please ad another update  It's getting really boring. I'm gonna uninstall if you don't update it soon.
Amazing It might be for little babies bu me and my sister will play the heck out of this game
Everything Ugh so much for your help in making our products even though I am going goin
Great game My son loves it. Great for those rainy days and when you on the road
Love it Awesome my son lives this game and when ever he's crying I just give him my phone and when he starts playing this game he's happy again
My granddaughter has been playing and really loves this game. It keeps her occupied for an hour. That's the longest I let her play this at any time, twice a day
Pretty good My 3 yr old likes it. But u could have it were u get more stuff quicker. His attention span only last for so long lol
Great for kids My 3 year old son loves this game, and he's been playing it since he was about 2. It's intuitive for little ones and comes out with new material fairly frequently to keep them engaged. Awesome FREE app
I don't like it..........I LOVE IT It is perfect the part I like is when you get all the coins and get a car the police car is me and my friends car. My brother like the way you get to drive he says that when he gets older he will know how to drive
