Absolutely amazing Couldn't ask for a better trainer than this app. Tells you how to do the workouts,show you videos on how to do it. It tells what to work man i just loved it. Great job  whoever decided to make and create this app.
Wow, really impressed I've been using Jefit until I stumbled on this truly well thought out gym advisor, with full exercises for beginners or advanced users. Keep it strong and in shape  
Great app It's a great app which provides various  options for every single point. No need for coach or instruct. love it
Really good I am a novice when it come to workouts but this app has help out massively. So many workout to pick from
Awesome Fantastic  At What Ever You Purchase. Lots Of Features For Free. But Upgrade Well Worth It.
It gets the job done and makes you push yourself. I love it 
Personalization I love the app, but if it's possible, can you add a way to inter our information like age weight and height, that way we can calculate the ideal weight and keep track of our weight loss and diet based on personal data
Nice application Thanks for every step in here, very helping me
Great app Very conplete. Many different exercises and routines
Awesome So thankful for finding what i exactly need, i can imagine how many others will find it helpful as i do
Mwahhh Loved it.saves money fr a personal trainer
Improve Its Great,but it cant create own schedule or own exersice ,if got that will be good ,that we can create own schedule..please improve  thankkk
Keep fit Helps me to Keep an eye on how much i lift and what excercise to do each session
Perfect Awesome thx and way worth going pro
Cool app Nice
This app like gym trenner Nice
Good app In this app u have to recognised ur basic exercises wat u have to done in ur training time...
I am a gym lad now
Amazing I absolutely love this app Greatest app ever
Amazing app Really a personal trainer
Super app I can use every information
This is amazing app. Luvd it.
Amazing Amazing
Purchased it..as I love it Great app..gives all the info u need about the workout
