Good Job Im trying this the 2nd time around and it does work. Im noticing toning on my thighs badly needed so im happy.  Yes, its hard work as the month goes on....but no pain....no gain.
I love it I love it I'm only on day 3 and I'm in pain but I know my body will be nice and sexy by the and of the month...
Great for beginners This app starts off slow and increases each day. Great for people who are looking to start working out and don't want to take an hour of  their time.
Mrs Leigh It's all what I needed after getting back in shape after two pregnancies. .. it gives you structure and you don't want to mess it up... it pushes you to continue and not to give up...
Great I like it Even though it doesn't have music, it still helps me
LOVE LOVE LOVE  First time trying this 30 day butt challenge and already seeing some impressive results and only on day 10.. my husband told me there was a difference and i was like really So this IS workinf after all.. im going to keep on doing this challenge up to day 30 and see if my butt gets firmer, tight and bigger.  Good luck for those whose trying this .. remember just have patience and do it every day .. its only a few mins of your time a day..
It s really gud nt done yet bt I cn feel d difference
Great App Good for anyone that is out of shape like myself.
Abigail Quaynor Loooooove this app. Works like magic.Big ups .will recommended it anytime.
Best App Ever Great Results...of all the 30 day challenges by them.
Can really feel it You get to workout at your own pace. Very simple,yet, very hard core
Absolutely fantasticcan feel and see the difference  and only on day 6
I like big butts And i can not lie... Thanks for making this free.
Stay fit Very helpful and informative app, perfect for beginners. Nice to have when you can't get to the gym and you want to get a quick workout in
Can't wait for day two. This hurts already lol
Zaira varela Love it I'm on day 4 and I can feel it for sure. I am really loving this app. It's hard but that's the fun part about it
Great App Very detailed instructions that guides you through each exercise.
Trying it out First time trying this. Im gonna stick too it this gone
30 day Butt transformation Only on day 4however I certainly feel it
Love it, its really grt It really helping me
I love it U really feel it works
Good And free Read above
Excellent app really really works delighted with results x
Awesome You will see results
   . 
Awesome My butt is in shape
It is good .I love it it gives you pain but is OK Aubrianna
Loooooove it All of your apps are awesome
