Help First off, great app to learn guitar Also, I need help, I recently changed my password but when I try to log in, it says wrong emailusername or password. Please help, I want to play guitar and I don't want to make a whole 'nother account. I know I can take skill tests and all but when I scroll down to see the missions and there's no stars, I feel like i'm not getting the full experience. So please fix. Yousician Ltd. Please reply
First time playing guitar and I am in a class at school.  Instructor has never seen someone Excell so fast
Awsome app thanks Iv been playing for 1hr and iv learnt so much cant stop
OMG It's a greaaaaat app like now i'm starting level 4 and i feel like i'm gonna be a great guitar player
Great for beginners I'm new at this and have been constantly working on learning the guitar. The app works great with awesome feedback which listens to your guitar when you strum it letting you know if you got it right or not You can pay to upgrade for unlimited use time or have a certain amount of time per day. It's worth the 120 if you're dedicated to learning the guitar like I am. If you're not as dedicated keep the free version.
Help I downloaded this app to help me practice piano, but the features not yet available When do you think it will be out
Omg This app really inspired me and i learned so much thank you.
It's so amazing I REALLY REALLY LIKE THIS APP. thankyou so much
A MUST TRY I haven't played for sever years and I really wanted to get back into it. I saw this app and tried it out. Absolutely great platform and execution. Slight bummer that I can upload my songs without upgrading but the price seems fair enough that I'd upgrade when I get a new phone. Slight problem running on galaxy s4 but this phone has been through alot
Thodoris Vragkos Yousician it's the best way to learn play the guitar, it's great  The only thing what remains is to add your favorite songs as free user and learn to play them .. and updatereplace old with popular songs  That would be very nice And for sure it will become epic app ..
AMAZING The only way that this app can be any better is if you can record videos of yourself while you are playing. But I am in no way complaining
Excelent So far, so god. I'm a premium member, and it is a bit pricey, but it is valuable
