Love this app... Where did my stats go I love, love, LOVE, this app It helps me relax even at the most stressful points of my day. I had this app on my iPhone a while back and I could see stats of how long I've meditated today, week, month, how I felt after, etc... Does Android not support that or is it an iPhone only thing
Samsung galaxy tab s I have now installed this app over my entire gadgets so I can listen at any time.  Download does take a long time. Apart from that this is a great app well worth the money. Think it is far better than headspace which is the app I used to use. Thank you
Perfect My therapist recommended meditation and mindfulness and this really helps. It's one thing where I don't think I'd mind purchasing more meditations
Perfect for a beginner like myself Beautiful, simple, user friendly. I recommend it to everyone. There is one voice that I find it difficult to listen to.
Best meditation experience This is great It's very cheap and can be used offline. I love the different meditations and that you can choose a number of different ones depending on what you are doing ... walking,  public transport, trying to sleep. I've tried various meditation tools and ways of meditating in the past, but in my opinion this is the best one
Fantastic App Great as introduction to mindfulness meditation, as it encourages applying mindfulness to everyday activities, such as walking, traveling, waiting etc by following the guided meditations. Solo practice is possible too. Very straight forward app, lovely interface and easy to use. Some guided meditations have british and some have american accents  good for people who get distracted by unfamiliar accents. Good resource recommendation list is available too.
Helps beginners learn the power of meditation I have started using this app to start my day and feel that it is already helping me reduce my stress level  which was getting out of hand. I love the voices with British accents. I have found the affirmations popping into my head later in the day and giving me a little reminder of calm.
My favorite meditation app This is my favorite of the many meditation apps and recordings I've used over the years. In the can't sleep category alone, several of the recordings had fascinating and useful insights. This is not just a rehash of the standard meditations we've heard before, but clearly the work of people inspired to share their deep understanding of the living art of meditation. And I appreciate the honesty of paying once instead of pretending that the app is free.
Very helpful Helps you realise how accessible mindfulness is. Would definitely recommend to any beginner who wants to be able to meditate in everyday life.
Mobile mindfulness A great app for those starting meditation. Sleek design, nice interface, and good content. Worth every penny
Buddify to Buddhafy Most excellent app with lots of situational options and well enacted voice guides.
Clear. Good little tool to dip in for guidance. Particularly relevant for those looking to explore mindfulnessBuddhism as a newbie. Thank You Buddhify.
My favor I used to listen to youtube meditations before bed but prefer all of these a lot. The voices are super relaxing and the ideas behind each meditation are novel and super effective for me. I can't go without this app.
Love it. Seriously. I rearranged the home page on my phone so there was room for this app and I've only had it installed for about 24 hours. Only suggestion I have so far is that I would love to see some in the shower programs
Awesome Changing my life one lesson at a time D
Really enjoying it. This app is very practical and relaxing.  I feel less stressed already after only a few sessions  and like how the app makes it easy to incorporate meditation into busy lives. I highly recommend it.
Love it This app is perfect for anyone who wants to get started with meditation or who is just looking for new guided meditations. I haven't found any better meditation app  and I'm not looking anymore.
The best meditation app there is Would you like to start a daily meditation practice Good for you. This app proves that you can practice mindfullness with a very modest investment of your time. You will learn things about your self that you never knew you never knew...
One of my favorite apps Can't recommend this enough. Superb.
Love it This app helped me deal with a break up seeing my difficult emotions and dealing with them I recommend it
Great for beginners Accessible, affordable and a great way to learn how to switch off
Love it This is my most valued app.  Puts me to sleep within minutes.
Perfect Would love to see a slice called letting go
Cant stop telling everyone Love it. Its easy to use for beginners and has introduced me to a whole new world or relaxation and helped my stress and sleeping. Its now part of my daily ritual.
Relaxation for all occasions Excellent for calming down. The British lady voice is particularly niiice
