Works great I installed this on an iPhone 5  a galaxy note 4. It seems to work great. We do get that annoying Pro features expired message but we just ignore it. Stealth pings and  view on map work great. Very happy with the app. It took a little time to set up and was just a bit confusing but we figured it out ourselves without a problem .
Works unlike others Very pleased. Accurate and intuitive.
Unfair Reviews A lot of the reviews are unfair based on people who don't get how this app works. I use it to track with permission another person who uses an iPhone. The app works exactly as it should. On my phone Galaxy S6, it's set to 30 min updates. On the iPhone iPhone 6, it's set to the second least battery using option cell tower  30' I think. I have no issues and easily see where the other phone is and viceversa. Stealth pings don't work on iPhones
Fantastic app, still works like a charm for my family I am loving this app The option to send a text that overrides the silent mode is a great bonus for us, and handy for finding a lost phone nearby. I love that the developer listens to customers, and now it is even better with single hand zoom. With override sound option enabled, sending a stealth ping from a silent phone causes that from phone to go full volume on the ringer, but its a minor gripe.
Works. I.m using this app for many years to track forgotten phones in my family and among my friends. Never had any problems with it. Last year found the phone dropped in a deep snow.
Works really well especially with latest model phones Our family has used this application for almost 2 years. As we have upgraded to the latest phones we have found that all the features work much better. Sometimes it takes a while to update and can be difficult to track but I think that has more to do with the phone's GPS then the application.
Works great I've been using this for years with my entire family and it's awesome. My only suggestion would be for some way that you wouldn't have to redo all invites if you wipe or get a new phone.
Works really well easy to setup. But expensive. Beside the App you have to subscribe to the service.
Works seamlessly Tech support fixed my problem.  Thank you. Been a customer for years.  Ty ty
Family tracker Works fine on my HTC m8... Good app
