Great A great app but it keeps hanging in my phone.Suddenly stops working.Is there a way out or do i have to uninstall .......which i really dont want to. Otherwise 5 stars. Please help                                 I use Pico TTS.
Great woorkout This is a fun way to get a workout for my abs,especially with limited time to spare. I get to level 3 and run away each time though.. Lol. It works if one sticks to it regularly. That's my next goal. Thanx for this awesome app guys. Love it to bits. Keep up the great work
It's easy to use and follow and has an immediate effect Only, how do I share my daily workout on Facebook
Awesome, But I can't seem to change my reminder time Can anyone help me with that
Great app Mainly strengthens core rather then gives you defined abs, although after day 8 I'm seeing a little bit of definition.
Nice I am a teenearly teen I experienced a lot difference from before I am now the fittest in my class......thanks
Simple I did my first workout today and it seemed very simple. Obviously not expecting results from first workout buh im not sure if this is a waste of time or it actually works   Please respond.
Definitely work out My stomach really getting flatter shape. But it doesnt loosen your stomach fat. As what this app said. But, it really helps you to get flat shape and abs. 
I really loved it I have done it twice. This time I changed the routine a little bit and had a better result. Alongside I changed my dining habit and got it right.
Satisfied Really awesome app. It cannot get any better. 5 stars
AMAZING It really helps. You can see your upper abs forming in a week or so. No kidding
Love my abs For all those who want something tough do its exercise no.5 P      anyway its awesome
At what time of the day is it the most suitable to do those workout
This is probably the best sports app I love this app  it has all functions you want and all features you need.  It helped me to achieve top results.  The training program is challenging, but this app can help you getting it done. Good luck
Got my sixer. Super app. Up to the mark. Stick to the routine and you will see the results.
It works. Just follow the routine. Discipline and consistency is the key.
Easy to follow I love it. Really helpful for cannotrunningoutdoor winter time. lt3.
Better It'll actually show you the exercises
Thank yu i came from a big stomach to a 4 pac in a month thanks guyz
Hopefully it can help I hope it will help with my  fitness with my swimming and school exercise
I did it for the first time and when I finished it I felt pain in my back, is that normal
Question Does it affect the result if you pause the workout
Perfect app . But i dont understand in 1,2,3,4 exercise we have to put our legs on ground or not. And how to breath while doing exercise Please reply if u know this .
It works I have a six pack now
It really makes u to have six pack
How old do you have to be to use this exercise
Best APP ever I am in the third day and I'm seeing results right now. Great
