Only the best. Forget the rest. Works flawlessly, tons of functionality built in. Can't go wrong. If you encounter a bug, which I haven't myself, just read someone's feedback now, I would suggest contacting the Devs with the website and details of the problem. They'll be pretty keen to find the problem no doubt.
Great Worth every penny. I use it on my tablet and phone.  Love how I could open a YouTube tab and play a songvideo whilst browsing on fb on the next..  And switching in between flawlessly ...  Hahaha even the YouTube app itself can't do that.  Thanks Puffin...  Sincerely a loyal customer.   For people experiencing reconnecting issues.  Turn off WiFi optimization and battery saver..  Helps a lot. 
LOVE. IT  For flash browsers the best. Beats flashfox and Dolphin fastest page loads. I have galaxy 3 I like it better then chrome also.........
pufin browser super  fast lets u play flash games most others dont bonus
Sony Xperia Z Hello thanks for Software android Best would thinks    
Excellent I'm buying because the free version convinced me that it is worth more than anything else I've tried. But I have a tablet and now I'm not getting a full screen  The best Stay with it boys and girls Notfollowing my advice, but will be back i know.
Best Android browser hands down Like I said the best, it has been a little choppy laggy after one of the larger recent updates but they are treading new ground in android browser development, it will be bumpy but I have faith in that they will fix all those issues in due time, I have been using this over a year maybe longer, and they have always came through for the users experience to be a. Thank you puffin team
Excellent browser for supporting flash with no native installation. Puffin Browser is an extremely useful browser for viewing flash content on the web especially when you are running KitKat, Lollipop, or Marshmallow. I will still continue to use Google Chrome as my default android browser but this is my browser of choice when it comes to websites with flash content.
Love It. A great flash player Easy to use. A pleasure to navigate within and an enjoyment to use video with.
Need to play flash games on your mobile This is the only way I can play flash games on mobile. And it's fast enough to load these pages when my internet speed has slowed to a crawl... My desktop and laptop computers can't access the internet that fast. Very good.
Yes, I did love this This was fantastic, but lately, it crashes every 30 minutes or less and no longer remembers where I left off.  Shame.
Everything works perfectly on my phone . Thx 
Plays flash Really fast and great for playing flash which is impossible with other Android browsers
Best Android Browser Plays Flash
