Great roulette casino game till now.. Loving it a lot.. Completely free and feels absolutely real too. Addictive. Cures my gambling itch. Enjoy good random simulator. Great Game...
.what happened its been too long never repeat same number .real game repeat a lot.can you guy fix like real I like to feel like real. I didn't see long time ago same numbers repeat and like 4 6 4,10 33 10.What I mean is like I play the beginning .thanks
Gud game My luck is very good  I put a bet of 10million and i WON
Good game with new features This has all you need in a casino game. Statistics, amazing All the chips are totally free. No need to buy. Love it. Will recommend to all my friends and will invite them to play. The best part is developers pay heed to user comments. Amazing.and it's never ending fun
Sucks Esta bueno esta vien estupido If the hook up in and muchos problemas en la primera nope well as the rest ok cuando quieras design Cinco mil dolares mask no point of copper in there for gas tank wagon OpenCV come over everything
Perfect A nice way to waste time and come up with strategies for when and if you go and really play
Total Fun app . great simulator Played even bets . Doubled the bet when ever I lost using martingale strategy. Although lost three times in a row sometimes, finally paid out better using the strategy. Gives full sense of casino roulette experience. Personal session statistics are also very useful. Great overall
Solid Good game, however once I reached 15bil gets kind of boring. Still though cures my gambling itch 
true roulette experience. Neatly designed. Learning roulette is really easy with this game. Teaches all kind of bets .Was surprised to find there was a roulette with one zero when visited London. Understood the difference when downloaded this app, although winning is difficult in american roulette. Monte Carlo worked really well for me. Settings to tune the number of bots increases or decreases the complexity of live games
Grandmaster Great,is this really roulette as played in the casino's
Very nice When I installed it i got 803000  in 15 min and get shocked. After that I wasted 800000 on a spin. And got 1630000 on this game. Wow
Fine roulette game Easy to place bets, clear bets and very fair. Decent random simulator. No need to purchase chips. That's a major relief from all other games. This developer has all games without in app purchase. Looking honest. Thanks
Wooo Love it.. Seem like real D
I love this game,seen so real
Nice but. . . Is it online game or free
roulette Well designed this app I enjoy playing it
Loved it Very time pass game i like it
Best Game Ever Easy to win, excellent 3D graphic as well.
Get this one. Perfect roulette.  You want this one.
No Doubt It's Ace well made keep it up 
I love this Great game for ever
Yay I found my baby
