Absolutely worth it I just ran 4 miles without stopping  I don't know that I can say I've ever done that before  This app was worth every penny, and then some.  I've never considered myself a runner, but this app kept me motivated and was almost enjoyable  I think I would pay double for a 10k or halfmarathon training by these guys  hint hint
nice... I love this app totally thought me how to pace my running. only works with winamp for creating the play list. I wish it can use other players too.
Simply Amazing I used to think nothing could make me run regularly, but when I came across this app after many times of starting running and giving up after a few days  boy was I in for a surprise Zombies, Run got me to run for weeks every second or third day and before long the exercises begun to pay off. One of the best things that ever happened to me for sure 
Great I love these Great motivation But recently I've been having a problem where this app disappears from my home screen every time I restart my phone.... fix please
Adorable way to get me to start running. Week 3 kicked my butt, but when I was doing the final run I just wanted to keep going Make sure to have a music playlist before you get started, and not in Google Musicit needs a music playlist to work properly. I used TinyTunes, but they recommend WinAmp. Now I'm progressing on to the main app
Spectacular APP  One of the best app i have ever seen that is so much fun and motivating to actually go out and sweat it out. Its for beginners and fitness minded people who need a little push to get out and this app does just that with an enthralling storyline. Get the app, grab a pair of shoes, and RUNNN from the Zombiess..
Great app Finally something works I hate working out and love zombies. This is a pretty sweet app that just makes me workout to hear more of the story. Almost a month done so far
Won't synch wwebpage If I can get it to log in an synch someday, I'll give it 5 stars.
Love it I'm halfway through the training now and it keeps the workout interesting.  I can feel the difference in my stamina level from when I started.  Just DL'ed the full Zombies Run for little runs in between the training sessions and for when I'm done with the 5k trainer.
Definitely motivational Been an intermittent jogger for the past 20 years, bought this game about a year ago on a whim and finally got to it about 3 weeks ago...I haven't had so much fun running and getting in shape in 20 years I find myself waiting for the next day so I can run through another episode and this is just the 5k trainer I can't wait to be ready for the full game
Love this app. I have only just started this app is really great. I have not worked hard enough and its the first time I have wanted to get out and exercise.  I am havig trouble wih my runs not automatically twitting but I have emailed support aboutthis. Even still this app gets 5 stars from me, I been told that its my day off tomorrow but I still want to get out and find out what happens next. Bring on workout 2  well worth the money. And can't wait to get on to the other zombies, run App 
Works great with shuttle music player I'm using shuttle as the music player for this app and it works fine. The music turns down in volume so you can hear the instructions ok. Love the app and now I'm moving onto week 2.
Great app Used it for a little while, but then got busy.   Gonna start it up again because it really is good and motivating.   I'm just  a little disappointed that I've waited to get the full zombie run.   I didn't get it because that was gonna be my reward for completing this one.   Now legacy owners of it get to have the first 3 seasons without a subscription.
Great way to get back into running Okay I'm slow as heck but I love this program  It motivates you to move and run.  I have started other C25K's before but the story line with this keeps me looking forward to the next outing.  I don't feel frustraited and just plodding through the work out.  I'm looking forward to starting the regular program.  
Life Changer I can't thank the makers of this app enough. 9 weeks ago I couldn't run around the block without feeling completely winded. Now I'm running 2 miles a day, nonstop I can proudly call myself a runner thanks to this little app. Buy this app and go your own pace and you can feel great again.
THE BEST APP I am on week 6 of training and am more in shape than I have been in years The zombies trainers make me feel so motivated. I feel totally confident that I will be able to do the 5k in a couple weeks. Also, have never had a technical glitch using the recommended music app. Thank you so much for creating this
ADDICTIVE People, quit complaining. Once you figure out how to properly set up this app it's extremely addictive. The hardest problem I had was to search for and install Winamp. Once I did this the music works perfectly. I AM NOT a runner type but after purchasing and running the first two workouts I will complete this and buy the Zombies, Run app. I highly recommend this to anyone who is a zombie fan andor considering beginning running.
A reason to run I'm not usually one for running, but this app makes me look forward to those days that I've got a run on. The story is engaging and the characters  likeable. I would recommend this app to anyone who is looking to make their training more fun
I want to run I heard about this app from a friend and thought I would give it a try... and I am so glad I did Never had I ever WANTED to go running the storylinelike narration makes it so interesting and its like watchinglistening a tv show with you as the main character Even if you are running alone, it is like there is someone there with you I am only 5 days into the training exercises but I can already feel a difference. the best part is.... I can't wait for my next run
