Great app but there's an easier way for 0.5 The game says to divide the total by 100 so if I was looking for 0.5 of 1000 I would divide 1000 by 100 which would give me 10 then I would divide 10 by 2 to give me 5. So 0.5 of 1000 is 5. But couldn't you have just divided 1000 by 200
Great tips So many tips, don't think I'll remember them all, but I know where to look. I tend to do the X 9 a different way, as in 3X9 is 31  the 7 to make the digits add to 9
Great app Nice app.. You can increase the difficulty level... May be you can add few more topics, like fraction related problems and all... It wil help those aspirants who is preparing for competitive exams...
Excellent Along with this app I recommend reading Dr Arthur Benjamin book  Secrets to Mental Math
Maths tricks Absolutely fantastic, keep the good work guys
Absolutely cool Maths lovers will find it interesting...
The app is actually pretty pleasant Once I figured out the theme settings, I could actually see and use the app. Its great. I like the notification I get, trying improve daily. its succinct. I like the learning system and the general overview of the tasks and the hints are very clear too. I like it a lot
Awesome Good better best app
Very helpful The tricks sped up my math and the updates make the app even better.
Practical I'm learning what I skipped in math class.
Wow. Gaining a huge math advantage over my peers. These simple math techniques should be part of education in grammar school. I'm definitely going to teach my daughter with these techniques while she is young.
Really liked it It helps me a lot to prepare for myself for competitive exams. Thanks a lot .
       
Good Application I like the application. You may too.
Too good Expertise the mental world of maths
Awesome work but need to add more topics Really great work. very useful to learn maths in shortcuts method but need to add more topics
Great app Wonderful
Thanks It's so good for your brain
I like it. Fun lil braintraining time waster.
BillyF Great to sharpen up.
bakwas game boht hi bakwas game he kis ullo k pathe ne banai he......jis ne v banai apne jesi hi banai he......lolxxxxxxxzzxxx....xD
Awesome game Simple layout, keeps my math skills strong. Thank you.
Great app really love it
Mast app Great job
thank you i swear this app is keeping my brain cells alive
Awesome Mind blowing
Woooooooow I loved it
It's super fun
Excellent app
Awesome App. Nice to learn TRick's in fun way
Very helpful to practice
Goo Useful app
