Nourishing, delicious and beautifully presented plantbased recipes catering for raw, gluten free, refined sugar free dietary needspreferences. I adore this app and highly recommend it, regardless of how many recipes you already know and love. Some complaints about addons however in my humble opinion, a few dollars to acknowledge Taline's creativity, time and talent will not disappoint. Go on...do it, you won't regret it 
Such an amazing app My go to app for everything healthy but delicious The option to make a shopping list is genius
Amazing. Tried quite a few of the recipes and love all of them
Perfect The Hippie Lane app is by far one of my favourites Every recipe is explained so clearly with gorgeous pictures to inspire people to photograph their own creations and share them with the world. I recently made the Raweos and they were simply to die for Will definitely be making them again, along with every other recipe available Thank you Taline for the incredible app and giving us access to your beautiful and simple yet extremely delicious healthy creations
Lush This is such an inspiring, exciting access to sweet, indulgent nourishment Plant based food is divine and sweetness need not be abandoned for holistic health
Well worth the purchase Absolutely in love with this app So many recipes that I'm yet to try them all, but very impressed with all those I've made so far. An easytonavigate collection of mouthwatering treats  all made with wholesome, nourishing ingredients
Addicted Gorgeous pictures, absolutely 100  healthy, vegan recipes. The app itself is of very good quality and it's full of love and life. You should show it to everyone who says vegan life can't be as sweet and delicious as anybody other's  
Delicious Love this app.  Beautiful photos easy to follow instructions. Can't wait for more
Every recipe I've tried from this App has been sensational Not only are the recipes packed full of flavor and texture but they are high in nutrient value. Thank you Taline for creating this wonderful App
Perfect Cant wait for new recipes,  all easy to make and all ages love them.
In love Finally I have found an app that allows me to follow simple recipes and make yummy healthy treats for everyone to enjoy. I always acknowledge hippie lane and encourage my followers to download the app
