Great app. Love this app. I'm able to play my world of watercraft with zero latency problems
Works a treat Great bit of kit, got it on a M8 and never fails thank you
Simply the best.... Simply the best .....I've been using this app for years and its never failed me. I tether my phone to my computer, eliminating the need for an internet provider and I also use the bluetooth tether option for my smart tv. And with the unlimited plan from TMobile I never see any extra charges. I don't even use up my hot spot. Most definitely worth paying for. Has saved me  hundreds .
Great improvement PlugPlay on Ubuntu 15.10 works like a dream Only down is that there is no indication that it is connected but it works.
Wonderful My carrier probably blocked me but i got it resolved right away Great app
El Capitan ready  Working perfectly on OS X 10.11 El Capitan with HTC One M8 running Lollipop 5.0.2  PdaNet stopped working after upgrading to El Capitan, this works even betterspeeds are amazing Stop fencesitting and pull the trigger already 
Love It. Downloaded Fallout 4 and updated War Thunder with it. Works flawlessly
Awesome Works great Love the Bluetooth wifi option Great buy
Does it work with windows 10 It was great for windows 7
Works awesome I've been using this for years and it never fails. I've still got unlimited data plan. This is the best
Great App. Put it simply  it does exactly what it says it does.
Tablet tethering Great app when at a hotel without free internet access. Love it
Great app Works perfect for gaming world of warcraft
Experiencia religiosa.
Works like a charm
Works as expected
Must Have  works flawlessly on galaxy s6 edge, didn't think I would find an app that accomplished this on TMobile network Best  spent in the playstore yet 
Love it
Works great I've been using this app for a long time now and so far it's never let me down. Used it to tether my desktop when cable internet goes down. Tether to a laptop during long car rides. Definitely worth the price. Samsung Galaxy Nexus on Verizon network.
Allows me to actually get what i pay for with My Unlimited Data plan wo incurring so called Tethering Fees which if it's actually Unlimited... Then why should You have to pay extra to to simply use this phone's Internet connection to connect Desktop in place of using My phone to do the same function.... Besides... Its Unlimited... Right 
One of my favorites This is an amazing app. I've been using it for years and it's easy to use, truly cross platform, and works flawlessly. Couldn't be happier.
Most reliable teather app. I've used this app on a Samsung Galaxy S4 and now my new Samsung Galaxy S6, and the app works great. The instructions are very simple and straightforward and overall its a great application.
Amazin Does exactly what it says it does....used thisnfor a few years now cuz this was alot cheaper than comcast and ive never had any latency issues while playin online games
great app ive been using this toolapp for a long time. never a time where it didn't work. as long as i have cell service, it works. never crashes. very simple to use. this is the only app i have ever purchased on the store. highly recommended
The best way to have internet anywhere I can now use my tablet or laptop on the road using my phone's internet Using an unlimited data plan, and not streaming videos or other high info things, works great Just what i needed, thank you
I've been using it for years  It's the first app. I download for my phone whenever I get a new one.  I paid once years ago and keep downloading for free on my new phones.  Works great too
The best  worked swell on every phone i've had...turn at least 50 people on to this and they all use it
Always works for me Been using the last couple of years. Set up can take a minute but after that good to go.
