This is a great app It's my primary and only, now that I think about it app for homebrewing. I like the recipe creation ability, with the different tools making a lot of the calculations for me. If I could be so bold as to make a suggestion for the app from a lazyman's perspective Perhaps an option to print out an ingredient list from a recipe page
Great product for home brewers Great piece of brewing software. So many invaluable tools. I now formulate all of my recipes using this tool, and my quality has greatly improved. Highly recommended
Invaluable app. I've been using beer smith on both my desktop and S4.  Works together seamlessly.
Suggestions Excellent app Thank you. May I suggest that the developer adds a function for adding photos to the recipe to serve as part of the results sheet Thanks
Best Beer Software Around A must have for brewers
Works perfectly. Had a user related issue, contacted programmer brad, and got reply almost immediately helping me resolve it. Awesome
Awesome This is a great thing. HELPS A LOT. Does almost everything.
Simple and powerful Love this tool.  I use it in conjunction with the pc version.  I design my recipes on the pc, store it in the cloud, then use this app on brew day.
Great Upgrading to 5 stars, I had some issue with my old tablet mid boil and it crashed unrelated to the app. Amazingly, Beersmith kept my boil timer accurate once it rebooted Bravo I would like to see future updates show preboil gravity estimates if that could be included someday.
Great customer service I had an issue and had it completely resolved within hours. Can't wait to brew my next beer with this app.
Great Best brewing software on the market for homebrewing.
Great App
Great app
Beersmith Love it
The Best I love this app
Excellent app. Thank you for fixing the bug
All I Need Just starting out with brewing and going straight for the deep end with allgrain BIAB. No problem at all thanks to a crash course I took  and the Beersmith app. I hardly use the desktop version at all as the app does all I need so far.
Handy Good to have for cranking out recipes  while waiting in line at the dmv, breaks at works, the train ride to the city and so on. Love it.
