Used for 5 years, still my favorite app I travel a lot and couldn't sleep without it. Noisy kids in the hall, drunks in the room next to me, clunkers upstairs, this drowns them all out.  Been using it for over two years now.  Many enhancements continues to make this one of my favorite apps.  Even use it at home.
LOVE IT Left my noise maker at home and was away for the night.  Couldn't sleep and wondered if an app was available.  Amazing
Can't Live Without It I use it every night to go to sleep. Simply brilliant
Finally upgraded from the free version I've had the app for a long time. I don't really need the upgrade since I mostly turn it on and let it run in the foreground with the display off, but it's good enough that I figured I should pay for it.
I really like this app. The tenant who lives below me sometimes talks very loud and the sound drowns her out. I love the brown noise, it really helps my mind calm down and relax and not think about 20 different things at once.  LOVE IT
Most amazing sleep app Simple yet sophisticated. Great range of sounds. Excellent purchase well worth the price. Must buy
My fav app ever Worth it to purchase Love it You can combine different sounds and save it for later or you can listen to individual sounds. Simple and easy to use Design can use a little work but I'm LOVING the new download app. The website is a bit flawed. But overall I love this app and use it more than any other app
Great app for eliminating background noise This is great for sleeping, and for times when you need to eliminate background annoyances.  There are tons of sounds to download and mix.  I love this
Perfect Background for Rest, Concentration For those of us who enjoy those all tooshort YouTube videos featuring autonomous sensory meridian responses ASMR, White Noise offers many satisfying combinations that last as long as we want. I am grateful that I can create sound mixes with varying pitch, balance and sound. My fave mix of 5 Babbling Brook, Ocean Waves low pitch, Paddling Canoe, Snapping Fireplace higher pitch,  Volcanic Springs. Excellent background noise for work. Helps me think.
Great Mood Setter Ive probably been using this app for a year now and I just love it.  I alternate sounds like beach waves, rain, and fireplace to help me sleep at night. But I also enjoy using some of the stranger sounds like floppy disk to help me focus while studying.  Its also great for creating mixes.  I combined rocking chair and country air to take me back to my grandparent's farm. Highly recommend
Great For Adults and Kids Alike I sleep so much better with this app.It relaxes me and clears my head from all the days worries, My nieces and nephews love it too. Whenever I babysit overnight, they call me before hand to make sure I bring my tablet, because they love to fall asleep to a playlist of rain and cat purrs.I highly recommend this app. to anyone who has trouble sleeping.
Easy to use, easy to take with me I like that I no longer need to bring a separate noise machine with me while traveling. This app does the trick I like the variety of sounds, too. Brown Noise is my current favorite.
Great App. Use at work to block conversation noise and at home for peaceful relaxation.   Great job
Amazing app worth buying I love this app and the many sounds contributed. It's unique to be able to combine sounds into a mix, but I like to keep it simple for studying and for having a nondistracting background for work to keep me less stressed. It would be nice to be able to delete builtin sounds I don't like, and to have a better functioning catalog. Otherwise great job.
No Meds Got the best nights sleep the first time I used the app and I have an insomniaanxiety disorder, don't have to use Meds now.
White noise, I love it This app has a wide variety of downloadable sounds that I have found useful not only to get myself  to sleep quickly sometimes within minutes but also to get a very stubborn baby to sleep. Additionally, I have used this app to help ease me into meditation. I love White Noise
Useful 247 I've been using WhiteNoise for several years now, and it just keeps getting better. I work nights and I use WhiteNoise to help create a relaxing atmosphere and when I sleep during the day, it helps block out outside noise. Absolutely worth the money.
The best I've been using a similar app for a long time. It had a clunky interface and had asked the developer for a countdown timer but was ignored. This app has it all. Good interface, great sounds, and a countdown timer with multiple options for alarm and fade. Awsome
Great sleep app Easy to use, great screensaverclock mode, and soothing, natural sounds.
My anxiety no longer keeps me awake at night now that I have this amazing app. It would be really cool if I could Chrome cast this though. Just a thought.
