Super nice I also wish I could add my own recipes. Very well designed app, nice UI. Thumbs up
Love this app. The Tuscan White Bean Burger is worth the price alone
Beautiful app First of all  this is one of the most beautifully designed Android apps and it is a pleasure to use. This is, of course, is made that much better by the delicious, easy to follow recipes. Love it
This is a great app. Well thoughtout and userfriendly. I love the shopping list feature. Best of all, the recipes are GREAT
Useful app Excellent recipes and tasty. The app is great with useful steps that makes it easy to use.
Great app Incredible app, makes healthy eating, cooking, and grocery shopping a smooth simple process. 5 stars
So convenient If you are new to Forks Over Knives, or a veteran, this app will help keep you inspired and help you choose meals and create a shopping list from the recipes. The pictures are so inspiring Explore and enjoy
Yes yes YES This app gives me the ability to quicky go shopping for all the foods I need. Thank you so much Literally Forks Over Knives has SAVED MY HEALTH
Love the app Great recipes, well organized and beautiful pictures  I really appreciate how you can transfer ingredients to a shopping list.  Many times when I go grocery shopping I don't have my paper shopping list with me or find it a chore to manually enter each ingredient in my phone.  You made it simple. I was hesitant to purchase the app, but I'm glad I did.  Would like to have the option to share other people success  stories from the app.
Thank you for this app I just love it  It is so convenient to be able to add ingredients to the shopping list and then just go down the list and remove items as you go.  Also, many of the recipes are pretty simple to make and they are so good  Thank you Forks Over Knives 
This app is absolutely amazing It works exactly as described and it makes eating this way really possible. One of the features I really love is the shopping list. it not only makes the list but tells you where in the store to go its organized by section of the store. I cooked one of my first recipes ever from this app and it made it so easy. I highly highly recommended it
Nicely done beautiful photography, the cooking instructions are clear and easy to follow not to mention the shopping list that I can take anywhere with me makes things so much easier. There are also some nice little touches such as the ability to just tap on a step to see everything you need without switching back and forth. This looks like it will be my goto cooking app and has definitely made the transition to a plantbased lifestyle easier. Thank you FOK
Been using for 2 months now.   Lost a little weight,  feel better, and saved a lot of money.   App is super convenient to use and not had one single bad recipe yet.  Two die hard carnivores who prefer the FOK  lifestyle now.  Never thought I would see the day when I would admit that.  Love this app  Lifechanging.
Healthy simple easier then using a cookbook Great recipe collection. Flawless app. Well done.
Awesome I'm in love with this app. The layout is amazing. Thank you so much
I love the set up So easy So many great looking recipes I can't wait to start cooking
Love it This is a great app, totally worth the price It's easy to navigate and I love that it has the shopping list option, making weekly shopping easier.
Really well laid out visually and super recipes
Life changing and simple Forks ands knives is the ultimate companion for any vegan journey. Absolutely adore the app
Great app totally worth it They update with new recipes often. Really delicious stuff in here
Well worth the price This is by far the best recipe app on the market and the meals are deliciously healthy. Forks over knives rocks
My new life Its the hope to no become diabetic ,and lose this eternal extra weight....
Excellent recipes Really nicely done app with excellent content, but would be even better if it provided nutritional information.
Great app. Must have for vegetarians
Girls Over Knives recipe app
Love the gluten filter Looks good, works well. Love that i can set it to exclude recipes containing gluten.
