It helped me a lot in my fitness Thank you very much for this app Now, I have time for workout. I'm already seeing differences 
Good start I have been used to playing volleyball year round, but now that I have my first off season in college I have been looking for something that could direct me to some good exercises to keep me in shape for the coming volleyball season I really like  this because it gives you the set of workouts, which is what keeps me away from the gym because im always clueless on where to start I cant wait to do this daily and see results 
User Friendly and simple This app is very similar to what the Army used previously in physical training. The app is user friendly and the instructions are simple love the animated examples
Easy to use This app Is very easy to use and it helps to remind you to do exercise.Sometimes I forget to do exercises and other days I just don't want to ,but this app helps me to get motivated and it reminds me to do exercises.
Carolina Aguirre  This exclusive app is the best thing that has ever happened to me. Theirs even a calendaralarm that reminds you of your workout by your choice of time. This workout even has a selection of your type of levels like easy, medium or hard. TRUST me guy girls you will love this app 
Lot of help It helps me a lot cuz I was getti g a little chubs and everyone started telling me maybe I should work out with them so I said ok but now I just do it by myself
Great for beginners I needed to get myself motivated to exercise but was failing miserably. This app made it easy which motivated me to keep going and the moves were things I could do being at a beginner stage of fitness. Thanks for creating
Great I really enjoy it.  I get to have privacy and a resting time and it help me a lot more than other advices I get.
Good for newbies It really helps me a lot since i am lazy going to gym, little by little it brings back my motivation to do workout, great app as a kickstarter.
Good free app I am out of shape after an injury and this app is helping  me take the first small  steps to get back in  shape
Finally I wanted something I could do in the privacy of my own home that guided me through a good workout. This app is perfect for it. You can set it to however hard you want it to be and it's great for someone looking for the basics. I work up a great sweat and collapse on the couch exhausted without going too hard or doing something too simple and I'm losing weight and feeling stronger Love this app to death
Amazing app The main thing that is good about this app is that it has option for increasing difficulty or changing rest time. All other apps don't have the option of changing rest time which forces me at the same rest time.
DR BABAR ANWAR KHAN I LOVE THIS APPLICATION .AS IT TONES UP OUR BODY IN SHORT PERIOD OF TIME
10 day exercises Hard at first but it gets easier the more you do it I've done it for 5 days and I've almost got a 6 pack.
Make Difference Though I was doing daily exercise but my fat stubborn belly was not reducing. I choose this app as trial and doing only week made difference. Now I am following everyday and my fat stubborn belly almost gone. Love it. 
Return to Exercise Helped me get back to exercise after shoulder surgery. Really like how it mixes the exercises up each time it's used. Now I add Mountain Climbers between exercises.  Great free app.
Thank u I have started a diet as per my dietician's prescription. This exercise s also support my diet and my doctor n dietician also said this is the right workout for me. No need to go for a walk or gym. Thank u so much n keep it up.
So far so good Been recovering from an injury and post baby... hard to get on track. Straightforward app with exercises and a daily reminder  Yay
Great at any time It has helped me to loose 20 pounds in 1 month, using it  twice daily.
Phew Was a bit sceptical about this but decided to give it a go. The fact I'm sitting here a little shaky in the arms shows there are muscles I haven't used in a very long time. I'm going to do this every day this week and see how it improves. On first try though I'd say this was worth every one of those 5 stars. Clearly displayed exercises and a 30 second rest between each is perfect for me
Fits in Good all around exercise and it fits my schedule. Of course, this app is not for building muscle, just a daily exercise routine
Oh my gosh Great workout Routine have no trouble fitting it into my morning routine
