Wow..... Just try JOY REWARDS App Using this referal d 1816147 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...
Awesome No option rather than this. Don't think twice. I am using it.. And believe me u will not get such great free mode option better than this app. Every other app wants to upgrade to pro. Well well well ... I am soon gonna upgrade to Pro option as I have to learn more. Even I tried to go to pro bit they want credit card which I don't have. But I do have debit. So is there any option for debit card even Do reply.
So helpful Very clear. I early on hated that it includes the article with all nouns, but it's made me learn it better. I use it with duolingo, and while there seems to be some redundancy, I feel like I need both to really grasp German.
I love it It thought me how to speack spanis in a whole day. This app is the best app to learn new languages
Very good Just on day two already learned several words and Im able to recal and use them. Similar to doulingo with a faster more agressive feel. It not only uses repitition to familiarize yourself with words it challenges you to recall them quickly and proficiantly.
WOW.. Just try WILD WALLET App Using this referal d 1050157 and earned points.. you can use the points for any games specially The Clash of Clans...ok
Easy to learn Automatically break down large word lists into easy to remember 7 word chunks, and it reminds you to review old words to not forget
Brilliant app Best app I've seen for learning and memorizing vocabulary, would recommend 100. I hope they do that membus thing for asian languages like chinese and japanese
Great app easily to follow fun to play. it's a great way to kill time and actually accomplishlearn something and have fun while you're doing it
Perfect, everything so organized I love this app Makes learning everything so easy and the app interface is clean , quality is amazing with no stuttering. The app is so good, even better than the website because of its accessibility and easiness of usage. 1010
Fun and wellmade I haven't been using this long, but its methods are valid and I think this is a great way to learn and memorize things. 
Interactive fun way to learn This is a great app, having to read the words,  say them back, spell them and interpret them makes it easy to learn simple phrases. It would be good if it had voice recognition so you could know if your pronouncing the words properly, but otherwise it's a great tool for learning
Very effective I'm currently learning Swedish and Italian very quickly, as long as I spend a few minutes a day. I'm also using Rosetta Stone to learn French, which is working, but it doesn't offer much help understanding grammar. Memrise feels a bit more effective. Tack Grazie
It is easy This is an easy app to us as well as learn the target language in a repetitive way that is not overbearing.
Loving it It is a heck of a lot better than any teacher I ever had not to say the teachers weren't good they just weren't this good.
Fantastic Doing Polish at uni and this app was recommended.  Cracking little app.... Quite addictive 
So far so good 30 words into new language, nicely done with memory aids throughout the lessons. Self pace. There is a pro membership for listening skills and words you have trouble with, costs 9 dollars. Overall best language learning app I've seen. Speed reviews will help you remember content well.
I've used this for four days and I now speak fluent Spanish. Well, not quite... but it's fun and I'm enjoying learning.
Love it Super nice and entertaining app, it helps a lot, very happy
Brilliant I love learning languages and this allows me to learn hundreds with an easy to use interface as well as offline courses. Brilliant
It Really Works Not only does it really work well, it works great on my phone. That makes it very covenient to study anytime and anywhete.
