Truck Drivers I like the diet at step 4 but as a Truck Driver I'm limited to variety of foods some truck stops I've tryed to make do with what available when we stop at some truck stops some have vegetables and no fruit and vice versa eating out with the husband at restaurants very few item's  on the list hard too. It will be nice to see how much weight I had lost with only eating some of the items available to me                              yours truly staving here
Works wonders This is healthy. Weighed 92kg and was able to come down to 64kg. My BMI states 6265, thereabout. Proud of this app,
Great Im just at the end of day 1, all fruit day got tough towards the end, have to say though full of energy and suffering from depression best day for a while All veggie tomorrow bit easier, roll on day 7 
Its fantastic My mom's weight was very much ,she had atheritic but when she used this app she worked hard towards her diet plan and now she is the slimest person in our family. I am very much thankful to this app
Ok guys im gonna be completely honest. This does work. I used to weight 210 pounds and I lost 70 pounds in 7 weeks. This really helps. As long as you drink water and exercise you'll see results.
Great app and diet strategy just one question I don't eat tomato. One day is all tomato what could I eat instead Thanks
Cool. Simple to follow so far. Goes with my natural rhythm of food desires such as day 1 fruit. Day 2 veggies. And then day three I desired more fruit. Hey it was day three on the plan. I look forward to tomorrow. Banana and milk day I been looking for something permanent. I think this might become perminant for me Thanks. Its a pleasure to have on my phone.
Starting I'm just starting and I've read the comments everyone says it's good... so fingers crossed it worked 
Very useful plan to lose weight I tried for 2 weeks n it really worked. Tq
Feeling lighter than before  damn i swear it works thanks Gm diet plan professionals i lost 20kg in 2 weeks
Airplane mode no ads If you go to settings and push airplane mode you won't have pop up ads. Just be sure to turn off bc it stops incoming anything on device or phone. Also, this is a wonderful plan and has follow up balanced diet so thanks for this FREE app. Thus the ads, glad it's free. I can deal with the ads or just put in airplane mode if they are popping up.
It works I love it... this app miraculously made me loose 30 pounds.
Cool jazz This app is helpful I love it
Virus Do Not Download Lot of pop Ads were showing up and opening in browser without my permission. Android performance is low was one page and then my device was freezed. I had to restart  then scanned device and virus was detected.
Best way to diet Really nice,,easy,,and also simple....any one can follow it easly....
Great app The diet plan really works. Do try
Superb it's worked I have tried for a 7 days plan it's actually worked for me to reduce 4 weight but they give more clarity on day 4 and 5 otherwise very good app
Detox This is more of a detox and yes you lose alot of weight. Im on my fourth day. And already 2kg.s down. There are alot of foods i dont like on it but to see results you should not complain. Eat what is said. I was a caffeine addict so experienced minor withdrawal. I hate tomatoes but deal with it
Completed it Couldn't ask for more. Also Taught me to eat healthy,
So good Awesome diet plan  yesterday i dowbload this app and follow diet in 1 day i lost 1.2kg thanks to creaters
