Good, useful app Nice app, works well and does pretty much everything I need. Also, devs are on the ball and were quick to respond to a query I had with regard to functionality. The little flickkey keyboard works really well and I like being able to customise the vibrate alert to differentiate from other notifications.
LG G watch w Samsung note 2 Fantastic on my LG G watch. I can now go back to Samsung stock messaging and not be forced to use Google hangout. Also the LG G watch has a weak vibration notification. I can now make the vibration longer or change the way it vibrates on the watch.  The keyboards are amazing and easy to use. This is by far the best app for android wear
Great Messaging App for Wear Great app for messaging on Wear. The included FlickKey keyboard is a great way to message in situations where voice isn't the best reply option. My only complaint so far is a lack of MMS support. Overall though, wonderful app, definitely worth 2.
Wear messenger Best of the best wish it had keyboard so when in noisy areas and Google doesn't hear you well u can type a custom message
Where is the keyboard I downloaded the app mostly because it gave you the option to compose your own texts by keyboard.   It was a bit difficult to find the keyboard and set it up and people might be confused when it does not automatically appear. I feel like that is a huge selling point Overall I believe this is the best messaging app for moto 360.
Works good now Once i got my watch running the proper operating system everything works perfect
Perfect Does what it supposes to do in any language
Love it
Thanks Thanks for the reply.
Works well, but I have a question. App's fine for sms, but for some reason I am not getting Facebook messenger notifications from this app and that means I can't reply to Facebook from my watch. Any help please
Most of my texting comes from this It's nice to be able to read and send text messages on my Moto 360. The only issue I have is I can't figure out how to make it my default text messenger.
Been using it since it came out a and it's only getting better.  I love how they implemented the minuum mode to make texting easier if I'm in the library or something.  Keep up the great work
Great app If you take the time to work through the options,  this app will change how you use your Android wear. The only thing I wish was better was an easier way to access all your contacts. That would make this AMAZING
Love it Pls make option to change the background pls
Amazing This app is absolutely amazing. I work with sensitive information at my job so I can't have a camera phone out. But I use this to text at work Keep up the good work
Exceeds all expectations This is truly a wellthought out app. Does what it claims. Quite quick and responsive.  Customization options are perfect. Keyboards available are very efficient and enjoyable to use.      You can tell a lot of work went into this. Well done, dev's Give it a try see for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
