Best app ever I only wanted this app so I could use my tablet mounted in my truck to make phone calls over my stereo as I don't want to mount my phone because its too small, and I use the tablet as a wireless media player and information center displaying OBD II information.  I do not think this could work better Very excited My only question is, does it have support to add 2 different phones
Tablet talk If you don't have this app you are missing out. I don't even use my phone  when I'm home ..great app love . Now I can send mm on my tablet. This app is great on my samsung s10.
Excellent Just what I was looking for real nice . absolutely fantastic app must have . Wish there was a way to use the dialer while in a phone call. My phones screen broke and the screen won't turn on when in a call.
Tablet talk I'm using  Samsung s3 SPH L710T sprintBoost but I first bought this app on a LG660Tribute and I'm having a little problem. seems it wants me to pay again. I've all ready have the app on my tablet. So Just installing on my samsung device to my LG v700.Tab. Anyway great app. Thanks for doing what you do 
Works great on Coby MID7012, Note 3 and Samsung Galaxy Camera 2 The only thing I was missing on my tablet was the ability to text using my cell number. This program fixed that.  As for calls, I can't answer them from my tablet but I can see incoming and I can hang up or reject and I get a missed call notification.  Love it  Edit I use this on my Note 3 and my Samsung Galaxy Camera 2. it's the only app that gave me texting and caller ID from my camera with my real phone number. Way to go dev
Awesome App Only problem I have is since my Nexus 7 2013 was upgraded to Lollipop I can no longer answer phone calls. Worked fine before.  Is this a known issue  Keep up the great work
Awesome App I use this app every day. It is well crafted and thought out and just works Well done dev
Works amazingly Works perfectly between my Nexus 5 and Nexus 7 2013 both running Lollipop . Nice to see a recent update. Any more themes planned for future Would enjoy a material theme
Awesome app Sometimes dc because of poor wifi connection but I don't mind as it's understandable if your wifi's weak. Bluetooth is always there anyway. Perfect bridge for OnePlus One phone and ASUS Nexus 7 Tablet.
Love it Thanks for making an app that works like it says. Just bought based on reviews and it is fantastic. Calls are clear and text come through smoothly. I now can make calls and text on my tablet. Thanks you
Tablet talk ftw Useing tablet for car audio and this is a must have to mute audio and take calls ......hope thay make it so audio is routed thew the tab too. Thanks guys.
Amazing work guys. Awesome APP. I really wanted this for my standalone smart watch. I had problem in pairing it with the watch not the app prob but the screen size of watch. I solved that also. It really server the purpose. I can see the call and mess while i am driving, User friendly. Does not drink off too much battery competitively. Tested it properly.Wish it has whatsapp notification it would have been super cool and awesome.
