Long time user Does the job well. Better than the others I've tried.
Love it Just works, and saves hauling the baby monitor arround when travelling
The best working app We use it a lot. Tried others before we found this one. But only this one is fully functional. Always recomending to other parents.
Awesome app Perfect for traveling or unplanned nap time for a fussy baby...
Great app,  I loved the status and the call me options. It would be nice if you add builtin lullabies to the app
Amazing app I love this
Great Fantastic product.
Very useful Very good app
Fantastic App I downloaded this app to use at my inlaws as we did not have a baby monitor. The app worked perfectly with no issues . When our son woke up the app phoned my husband mobile as it said it would. Perfect for people who don't want to carry a baby motor around We even used it at home when the baby monitor we had broke Would highly recommend to others.
Brilliant app Have used this loads of times when away from home. Was unsure at first, but now trust it completely
Wonderful This app is simple to use and very effective. I would recommend it to any parent on the go who doesn't want to lug around a monitor. Also great for vacations
Good I like it a lot work good Love it
Excellent app I've tried a few different baby monitors and found this one to be the best. Worth every penny I especially like the sleep log feature that records noise when the monitor is on
Excellent Great app but need to restart my note2 after download if not wont work
Great app It works perfectly for the nights we spend on the patio.
Great for need fathers
Reliable ronseal app Works really well. Great when you are out visiting so you don't need to take monitors with you.
Super baby call Easy to use and stabile
Excellent
Wow LOVE IT I can spend time with my husband in the living room, without having to check on the baby 100 times. It will ring his phone in 5 seconds if she cries. Truly AWESOME I am so glad I spent the few 's... So Cheap BUT awesome purchase Great deal
A must for all parents Awesome This app works great. Love that it records the times shes making noise and has a history
Perfektni Dela co ma a dela to spolehlive.
Excellent App Performs its job very well, calibration of audio sensitivity is excellent
Tut was es soll, Und zwar zuverlssig. Und oft im Einsatz... 
game changer Awesome app, runs well on HTC Android, not so well on iphone. Keep up the great work. Suggest..Historical summary report  link to viberwhatsapp
Best app for parents
Great app Awesome
Great App works really well. I just use it to play white noise if my baby wakes up, and it sends him back to sleep again
Love it Best.thing I ever bough thank u xx
Works great We finally can have a dinner outside around the corner. One call and were there in a minute. So much more freedom...
