Good ago Good app, good support from developer.
The Best Hue App The single best Hue app. Clean and understandable design, plenty of functionality, and a responsive developer.
Best hue app yet ... Ever Love the new look
Engineer Ok
Glad that somebody built an app for Hue This app is better than the actual Hue app. It is easy to create your own scenes. If you are  only using the Philips Hue app then you are not getting the best experience. This is the best app for Hue.
Previous update broke the settings but this was addressed quickly Great speed in updating g fixes. Cannot wait for the new version  Best app for hue out there and it's not even close
Fantastic app, great developer Hue Pro is intuitive, very useful and adds an enormous amount of utility to the Hue system. We have 28 lights and would not have ventured beyond 6 with any of the others. Honestly, this app turned what was a gimmicky, fun addition to a room into useful, meaningful improvement to the home. The developer has been responsive, quickly, whenever we've had a need to contact.
Simply the best Constant tweaks and improvements, the most customisable app to set up the hue lights just as you want them. Looking forward to the next update
Seriously dig this app It's much more powerful than the original Phillips hue app.
Best I've seen After trying and even paying for several hue apps, this one is hands down the best.  I use it every day.
Better than Philips' native app by miles doesn't crash on my Xperia Z1 for starters. Despite the concise instructions, I can't get it to 'connect away from home' though, which is a shame as that's something Philips' app does actually do well. Looking forward to version 2.
Great app, having lots of fun playing with presets.
Puts the stock app to shame Quick and easy and it works every time.
Good of not best Great hue app, it is stable, does not he job and have many useful features. What I would like to see in future updates is brightness variances slider for lava lamp. Keep up the good job
Great app This app controls the Hue bulbs much more efficiently than the standard Hue app. While it does not have the cleaned up and professional  look of the default app, it more than makes up for it in usability.
Get it. Now. This is a good example of a good app with an even better developer. The program itself is rather good, although it does have a few small bugs. The dev responds to every bug report you make needless to say, I'm impressed. I hope he keeps the good work and hopefully he also adds more features in the future. I'll update with news, good or bad hopefully the former.
