A Must Have App I transfered files from a Galaxy Note 3 to a Nexus 10 via wireless and was shocked at the incredible speed of transfer, this is a must have app for file transfers.
Thank you Hello, the use of bit instead of bytes annoy me... Can u make a setting so that we can change either want to use bits or bytes as in mbpsmBps. . Awesome app from awesome dev. 5stars and never go down. No matter how bad it goes
In my Top 5 apps ever Took just 7 minutes to send a whole 1GB. Choice of storage location. Such flexibility of connection methods. You guys undercharge for this 
Superb pc to smartphone connectivity I bought this app and have no regrets buying the pro version of it coz it stands up to its mark to provide you a superior connectivity between your pc  and smartphone...
Solved my problem  I have tried a dozen apk this weekend alone to transfer files from my phone to my new tablet and superbeam came thru for me My first time using I transferred 275mb in 5min  Thanks for the app.
This is a great App.  Very Fast Easy to use, and very flexible options. Works great on Note 3, Nexus 5, Mac Air, even toandfrom an old Vista laptop.  Easiest way to get files from one device to another.  Highly recommended.
Amazing This is truly like magic Downloading a file on WiFi takes forever but using SuperBeam I can transfer the same file to another device almost instantly This app seems very stable and it's well written and easy to use Can't recommend highly enough Thank you
Best of best One of the best app in Android.. A must have application. Keep up the good work guys 
Was finding it cumbersome to transfer files and media from my nexus5 to PC and vice versa. Stumbled upon super beam, downloaded free version but looking to its effective speed and functionality, jumped to pro. Just bought it and am  very happy to have gone  pro I  rate it 5 star though it's too early for me. Will review further after some time. All the negative reviews about this app are either motivated or those guys had some issues,. The app is super.
I effing love Superbeam  It's hard to get excited about an app but this one is the real deal.  Having different brand devices handshake has always been a headache. No more.  It has worked nearly flawlessly for me.  Now it will even allow Android and IOS to get along and share things.  Throw the dev's a few bucks for making an outstanding product
I'd give it 6 stars if I could Useful, stable and FAST Does the job simply and easily. Couldn't ask for much more. Well worth the money.
Terrific App This may be the most useful Android utility app I've ever downloaded.  The Swiss army knife of file transfer. Fast, easy reliable file transfer between all kinds of devices in all kinds of situations. Only glitch is can't receive file on external card under KitKat but a quick check of developers Web site identified the problem and the issue is KitKat, not Superbeam. Get it, you won't be sorry.
absolutely and totally amazing my charging port for my phone is messed up and so I can't hook it up to my computer and I found this app after searching and searching and searching for ever and everything i found sucked. But then I found this app and I love it and I recommend it to anybody who has ever wanted send stuff from phones and computers
