Best workout app ever I really appreciate the very robust tracking of my workout routines. I also appreciate the animated demonstration of best performance of the different exercises. One small glitch in your personalized workouts when you go from exercise to exercise sometimes it looks like you have recorded a rep for an exercise which is actually the recorded for the exercise just before or just after in the routine.
Crashes on builtin workouts I have used this app and love it. It has so many exercises and workouts,  but I have yet to make it through a workout without it crashing and having to start the workout again and find where I left off. Really hoping that they fix this issue Update crashes have stopped I am now able to use the app as before. Thank you for the great app.
Best app so far, totally worth to pay for. I did not try the premium package, there is plenty of pre made workout and with such a large database of exercises it is really easy to make new one yourself. Good job guys, love it.
BEST APP FOR LIFTING I thoroughly explored all weight training apps and this one is the best by far. I liked the free version enough to spend 2 to try the full version... Its WAY better than expected. Best couple of bucks I've ever spent. This app doesn't just have something for everyone, it has EVERYTHING FOR EVERYONE Who cares if the creators charge for premium monthly plans With minimal effort it is extremely easy to create the custom workout routine ofyourdreams GET IT OR REGRET IT
This is the BEST I don't EVER buy an app but after viewing the work outs that they had on the lite I decided to buy. One of the best decisions I made Who needs a trainer anymore   I wrote this 2 years ago and I'm wondering the same about the premium Any logical and reasonable answer as to why I need to pay again would help.
Worked for me I got tired of wandering what to do next or if I am doing the exercises correctly. After purchasing this app I know exactly what to do with my work out.  I can keep track of what I have done and make plans for future workouts. A must have for beginners to pros.
Cool app Not as good as Skimble, but it tracks workouts pretty well I life the set and reps feature
Perfect This app is one of the best fitness apps, I've used it for a while now and it keeps getting better. Definitely worth the buy
