Great App Man,  this is a great app.  I was able to sync through a dav site all my stuff to keep it safe and manage it better. The only irritating thing is how it is picky about characters like  Which cause the app to lock and fail to trynsfer...
Best tool on Android One utility for data backing to generous selection of cloud  file servers, and SDmem and OTG ThumbDrives as well. Very robust function. Net connections  jobs stay lit in background, far more robust than file managers. Elegant  intuitive interface. Sophisticated IncludeExclude filter logic is very powerful, allowing precise selection of source files.
For years I tried to use DropSync to sync keepass updates on my phone with dropbox, I never got it to work. I setup foldersync to this and their support were very response with a query I had. I'll be recommending it.
SUPPORTS OWNCLOUD  Even though the app description does not say so, ownCloud support is specifically built in.  This app has been nicely reliable, and I definitely recommend it.  I use it primarily for managing the music on my tablet in the truck.  Once set up, this is quite a bit more convenient than just about any other means of media management.
Sync everything Brilliant, now I can sync individual files or folders to  from drive, one drive even mega. So now I can sync files on an andoid device just like a windows computer. It enables scheduled syncs too. Thanks
Very useful I use multiple cloud services for storing different data. Folder Sync automatically uploads this data 2 times a week.
Much more I even imagined The features of this app are just awesome All I wanted and much more. Worth each cent.
Great application I use this to sync and backup pictures, settings and music from my phone to Dropbox and Google Drive.
Very high battery usage Recent update has caused this app to go rouge and run very inefficiently. Will restore 5 star rating once this is resolved.
Wow, todo a salvo, fcil varias carpetas actualizadas Dropbox, mi cel, mi tablet y la laptop. sencillo, configurable.
Excellent App This app delivers on expectations. A well laid out and intuitive app for syncing across folders.
Fantastic It's my dream application for sync with my hp with box. Thanks
So far the best sync app I really love this app has security feature like PIN when we open the app that was my idea to the dev. The dev deserve 5  star  That's for u
Perfect It does all that it says it does. No hickups so far.
Tried quite a number of similar app's, this one is by far the best.
Does what it says on the tin. Select folders and set your timing. Works perfectly.
Works wonderfully with owncloud This has completely replaced the owncloud android app. Fine grained control, scheduled sync, Tasker integration... This really is the webdav file syncing app you've been looking for. Try the free version and I'm sure you'll spring for the paid version soon after. It didn't take me long to realize it was a fantastic app.
Impressive bang for the buck Only problem so far was bogus timestamping with an FTP account on a vsftpd server, which caused the content to be uploaded  over and over. Fortunately SFTP works ok.
Solid program Best backup I've found so far. Could be improved by even more remote locations and the ability to exportimport 'recipes'.
Works as expected Very good alternative to, or in addition to the native owncloud App
Great app Does just what I need.
Excellent Easy to use and comprehensive.
Excellent app It works like dream.
Better than 800 Windows program offering same functionality under similar name This and Amazon Cloud Drive with Unlimited storage for 60year is SOOO WORTH IT
Very good, super reliable
Super Does what I need.
