Works on 2002 Ford Taurus This plugin works great with my adapter and reads very accurately my realtime fuel mileage on my 2002 Ford Taurus. I highly recommend if you enjoy monitoring fuel consumption.
Amazing A Amazing for anyone looking to save money while driving Trust me buy this app,  you won't regret it.
Top app Real top app keep up the good work,would be easier to use if it could be price per litre..but still top app.thanks
A tech Geeks greatest App ever Love this stuff GREAT JOB Fuel Economy Team
Works excellent. Great to know this info on older cars without a DIC .
rate it
Very nice app Perfect,  very good
Great addition to torque Great app, love all the information it gives me. Only thing I would like added is color customization for the top red settings bar. Ide love it to match with my blue interior lights.
Ease of use
Edit. Best app ever This app was working on my old phone. Got new phone. It was working. Exited after reaching destination. Never worked again. Wth 1 star for now. Worth 5 if it would start working again. Sad face.  UPDATE WHAT EVER YOU DID. IT SUDDENLY WORKS AGAIN FIVE STARS FOR SURE.
Excellent efficient driving tool VW Jetta TDI 2006. Turn red bars into green bars and your ROI could be in 1000 miles or less depending on you current driving habits. This was added to a car that doesn't provide any type of feedback regarding fuel usage other than a fuel gauge. Feel like the number is fairly accurate out of the box, but the lessons I learned about my car and efficiency were the main focus to me, again make the screen green
WORKS AGAIN Update  Changed my phone to S5 and it works great.           Worked great on my galaxy S3. I have since switched to an S5 mini and it doesn't work. Still I give it 3 stars as it worked great on my S3. Im sure there will be a fix soon enough then it would be back to 5 stars
Love it The app has been great helping me learn how to improve my driving style for gas consumption. I'm still tweaking the configuration since the mpg is  a little off. But the developers have been great responding to questions. Great companion app to torque.
Great A perfect add on to a great app this thing works perfectly  A
Must have This program is a must have for all  vehicle which does not have this function activated from factory. The developer is also very helpful. Thank you and  keep up with the good work
Problems with Android 4.4.4 The is no way to bring up the settings menu on a device with only onscreen soft keys. Nexus 7 4.4.4 Edit SOLVED Thanks guys
Great app . Everything worked for me
Very good Saves you money
Works Works I get to see where I can improve
You Need This App Can't live without this if your car was built after 1996. BMW 2001 325i
MPG... Very cool app, use it all the time.
Pretty cool
Love it
