Excellent maps now much improved sat. aquisition I'm a cartographile so I love both the UK os maps  NZ maps I have access to. The app is now much more battery use efficient and on the current Motorola Moto4 phone I haven't had a single battery issue, despite some lengthy rides of 8 hours.
Love the app The best of the best...use it all the time and I use this more than my garmin.
Dogs.bollocks
Best App for Hillwalking I do a lot of Hillwalking in the Scottish Highlands and always use this app to help me with my navigation along with a map and compass. When the mist comes down and visibility is virtually nil it's reassuring to see the red circle on the map and the arrow pointing in the direction of travel. This has kept me on the right path many a time. I normally download gps points for routes from walkhighland.co.uk and they synq quickly and hassle free with Viewranger
Best free navigation mapping All round great app plotting could be better but still good would be handy if it tracked how fast you are walking when tracker is on but still good
Terrific app. Downloaded ViewRanger to help us map the route for a future Pennine Way hike. Getting UK Ordinance Survey maps was a breeze and the clincher for us using this app. Easy and fun to use the tracking option works brilliantly. Even though I'm an old map and compass guy this app will definitely be a great help when stuck in the mist and fog on the moors
A must for hikers Excellent app for hikers with many useful features and a friendly interface. Select an area and it can display tracks proposed by third users love it Very good too for well prepared and connected hikers who can buy only the useful parts of IGN maps and then navigate with only the GPS. With a bigger community and more tracks ideas, it would be perfect.
An essential tool in the outdoors Had Viewranger for years. It has been with me up about 100 Munro's. Very reliable. I carry map and compass as a back up all the time but I have never had to use them Always carry a power supply battery with me as it can get hungry for power like any GPS app. Anker back up's are always my favourite. Recommended.
Best of the best Great app, love it, used every week for planning, hiking, journeys. Even use it to follow coach trips.
Great map app When you need a detailed map when you don't have a good data connection, this is the app to have
Great App I have been using Viewfinder for over a year now and I have found it invaluable. Easy to plan routes and navigate them.
The best Been using for a while now and never let me down
Very nice Best hiking app I could find. Navigation is so easy I am even going to buy an android wear smart watch just to use with this app. Can highly recommend.
Great App Been using for a while now,never get lost,never use paper maps,great app
Excellent
Great app Best I've used
Greart app
Great Great
Great App Use it on my Android phone for all my outdoor hill and fell walks. Purchase and downloading of map tiles and routes straight forward. Storage a of planned routes tracks easy enough to manage. Some of the settings need careful consideration before deciding which ones to use but the guidance and help line proved effective when needed whilst setting the app up. Give this app a try if you are contemplating a GPS.
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 User This is my favorite App. I like many features such as the realtime buddy beacon, many free and premium overlay maps, programmable icon for altitude, etc, pay as you go map tiles, sync to online web account, trackroute conversions, and many more features The App Dev team also responds very quickly to questions  suggestions and are always adding new features 
Awesome app Excellent app for tracking where you are and for peace of mind of others with the Buddy system built in. Accurate to be able take bearings from but I will always be carrying a map and compass as battery life was getting extremely low on a 9 hour hike. Overall, really happy with how this works, have already recommended to others.
Excellent mapping and features. Good value as well Good value mapping and works well with paper maps confirming your position . Nice features as well.
Can't work without it. As a member of a SAR team I find Viewranger invaluable. Track recording and buddy beacon allow us to check we have fully covered search areas. I have not found any issues with battery life either.
Life saver The only one I found the can use offline maps for free. You know you are going to somewhere where there is no signal. If you cannot use offline maps for free, it's a totally nonfree app. This one works perfectly, offline map with GPS location works perfect in airplane mode. What else do you expect
Use this for all my outdoor adventures....very handy  
Ace app for mtb love the speed and elevation features and tracking well done
Great app Simple to use and works well
Wow  fantastic  Great app. Just gets better and better .....
Great app to use while hiking.
Very good using free maps
