A vital app for the animals In a perfect world, this app would not exist. Unfortunately, our world still seems to think that causing misery to countless numbers of other animals is an acceptable act. Don't give those companies who abuse animals your money This app, is fast, fun, and easy to use. The social media posting aspect makes it even more effective, as your friends will also learn of which products and companies to avoid and which to support. Well done, Beagle Freedom Project
The sad reality I didn't realize that many of the mainstream companies still test on animals.  I don't even want to imagine the horrors they endure... it sickens and angers me.  I have such a compassion for animals, one of the reasons why I  became a vegetarian. Thanks to this app, I will boycott these barbaric companies from now on.
Beagle Freedom Project Cruelty Cutter Love this app It allowed me to find the real facts about products I use
Great app if you care for an animals welfare, I just wish it could provide will alternative products to use
Love this app. Only want to buy cruelty free and this app helps with that.
I wish this were more popular Definitely telling everyone and their mother about this WONDERFUL app
It's great. It supports Beagle Freedom Project as well as AIDS shopping. I like the ability to email companies with an unknown status of animal testing.
Great app Went from using expensive name brands to using non animal testing products. Thanks cruelty cutter...
important for me as a usual cosmetic consumeri need this  fully support cruelty freesay NO to animal testing
Thanks you, for saving animals 
Cruelty Cutter One of the most effective tools in saving laboratory Beagles lives
Best app around Good bye animal testing companies.  This app is great and simple to use.  Simply scan and go
Love The Idea It is not letting me create an account. When I try it's telling me the system is down or something like that. Can you please let me know when its up and running so I can begin using it UPDATE this app is amazing Thank you so much
Cruelty cutter Absolutely fantastic.
Great app Tried it on 3 products and it worked wonderfully
Love it
Great App, Love BFP
Thank you for your service to animals I'm not going to say one negative word about this app because the people behind it are my heros So the app is not perfect but its awesome Beagle Freedom Project is helping to end the suffering of countless lives. That's what everyone who loves them like me should do but unlike us lazy aes they are actually doing something about it.
Great App  it donated to the dogs Love this app. Easy to use and works great for the products I find in Canada. I love that it donates to the dogs too. Nice touch. Definitely helps eliminate choices on products
Thanku Im brand new to this app. I think i will love it   Just one concernquestion.....Some of the companies on the DO TEST list, clearly state on their product packaging that they indeed DO NOT test on animals. Is this regulated Can they legally advertise that they r cruelty free or not tested on animals, if they actually are  This has me worried as i buy products according to their labels mostly... Are we being deceived Thanku and keep up the good work
Great App for a great cause I love, love, love this app and what it stands for. It's very user friendly. The only thing that would make it that much better would be  a way to locate a retail store near you that sells the suggested items. When I go house shopping, I always use this app and it would make it easier if it can locate a store nearby I can find my cruelty free items.
Love it I heard about this on the news and am glad it was put out there for everyone to see It breaks my heart how people can test on these faithfull companions with no conscience. Definitly going to be using this on the products I buy. Thank you for making this app
