Use it everyday at the gym This app is great because you can create your own daily routine without skipping our forgetting what to include in it It also destroys personal trainers for beginners by showing them how  to to do each workout
Nice app VERY straight forward. I love that. I just downloaded it and looked through the interface. Another thing that amazes me is, that when you go to your arm workouts it's all in order from you biceps, triceps and, forearms. Fantastic. Loads of workouts to keep a novice busy for months. Thankyou so much for this app. You're all great people. Have a nice day... or night which ever one it is .
Good  Please divide arm  workouts In biceps  triceps and forearms.and further division like inner or outer biceps  or forearms. In the same way leg also like abductors glutes hamstring. And in back like lats traps lower back etc in all exercise then in user friendly way then it's become superb
Awosme but some ...problems Please ... divide these ........ into .... wings ..... triceps ,biceps .etc
It's my pation Very good app this is the
VERY NICE VERY COOL
This is a great app. Thanks
Great. Very helpful, teaches you the best workouts for a built body.
King It's very useful for health and fitness just love it and share to other friends
Nice....
I know that guy on the picture He's name is ryan terry you can search him on youtube. Press helpful 
Beautiful. I dont need a personal trainer. Still need to go to the gym but now I know what to work on it.
It is awesome I have never seen something so awesome Bravo the Americans on this wonderful work out app and I am just a teen and I love this app
Awesome app After installing this app I don't have need for a trainer.
Not bad I ve always been looking for an app that could show me what to do with a certain kind of muscle.
Good app It gives all exercise to keep our body fit
Excellent If u have this app then u dnt need to go to gym..
Best app on playstore Awesome application to be a beast
No need trainers .nice job man
Exellent Very nice app i use it and i love it tanx
