Easy peasy User friendly app, no complaints here.  Plus FREE expedited shipping for this habitual procrastinator, can't ask for much more  Ok...maybe 2020 vision
Incredibly Easy This app is perfect at what it does. It makes uploading everything very easy, including your credit card, billing and prescription info. It even automatically looks up your address as you type it, and if your like me, you're tired of constantly typing in the same address. A great app.
Quiet easy for an application At first I was hesitant but as I was going into the ordering process, everything fell into place. Picture taking I liked I even had to change my address  Easy 123 process
Awsome This app is so super easy to use I usually expect some glitches or difficulty when trying to sign into and set up a new app but this was so smooth and quick AND holy bananas.... FREE SHIPPING My life is literally complete.
On and popping Now I can get my contacts so I can ride the roller coasters at Fright Fest. Thank you 1800contacts  app for the free expedited shipping  
Interface is userfriendly and easytouse I was impressed to find my past orders from 5 years ago even though this was my first time using the app. I uploaded my prescription and placed my order with no glitches.  Cool app
Piece of cake No more shuffling around for login info and guessing passwords. I really like how I don't even have to key in the prescription info or send picture via text message.
AMAZING It was easy to use, simple when I was able to take a picture of my prescription and debit card. And free 2 day shipping Love it
Easy This app is the best. It's very convenient and easy to use.
One less thing to worry about Great app for ordering contact lenses. Easy to enter prescription and easy to reorder when you're nearly out. Love the reminders to change lenses.
So easy and convenient I just love this app. Both my children need contacts and this has been such a smooth experience for me when they need contacts,  to place the order on my phone,  taking a picture of the prescription and the contacts are on the way.
Easy Peasy LOVE THIS APP ACCURATE AND EASY TO USE AND SUPER FAST
Saves so much time I finally started using 1800contacts and downloaded the app and it has been a time saver.  I put in my info and they verified with my doctor and it makes reordering a snap.
Easy  to order Will never run out of contacts with this app cool.... Easy Breezy
I800contacts Very happy with service  Right Joe, Jim, and Wanda  You just broke your contract and boy is Wanda in trouble.
Excellent app. Very user friendly. They even verify your prescription to make sure your order is accurate, and the free expedited shipping is a plus
So easy All my info from the desk top site was right there at my fingertips. Took me less than a minute to reorder contacts
A lot easier than buying local. Snap a picture of your prescription and it's done
Easy to use Even got 3 day shipping free for my 1st app purchase
Just what I needed Ordered my contact for a few dollars cheaper than my doctor AND I don't have to make an appointment during this busy, holiday season
Super easy and accurate All the info I need was right there for me to confirm and everything was very smooth Great app. Almost the best and easiest app I have.
Quick and easy with better prices Literally created an account and ordered a year's supply while stopped at ared light I also saved about 50 dollars when compared to Walmart.
Just awesome. This is such an easy app to use I can get on and order my contacts in under a minute .. fast, easy and convenient what could be better than that
So simple I literally reordered my contacts in 3 taps after I signed in.
Glad I downloaded the app Free shipping and should come just in time been stalling on ordering new contacts for months
Thank you Thank you for making an app that actually works  This was the easiest contact order EVER
Excellent app It makes life soo easy you scan your rx and you order the contacts and here they come it's easy as pie
Best out there Easy, convenient, and fast. I have been using this app for 4 years now
Love It Always fast and easy. Prices are always consistent, I like consistency
Very easy to order contacts, however trying to take a picture of your credit card to place the order does not work other than that this is great
Awesome One less thing I have to worry about with this app I love it
So easy and convenient I just reordered my contacts on my lunch break
