Very Happy This app is easy to use and prints in a clear format that clearly shows which text came from which phone number etc. This is very useful for court situations. I have paid good money in the past with other apps that were difficult to use and printed out in a format that was not clear enough. I was glad to fund this app and recommend it to everyone.
Very useful Instead of keeping hundreds of texts on your phone and tying up memory you simply choose which text you want to save and email it to yourself.
Great customer service I'm still using this app for the purpose of saving text messages for my upcoming divorcechild custody. The app is very easy to use and is what I expected. However the customer service is really quick and helpful which is why I'm rating the program now.
Works as expected Some settings have to be tweekedto make sure you get what you want, but it works like a charm to email text conversations. My attorney will be happy.
Thank you so much. After a few weeks of trying to accomplish what I wanted to accomplish your app provided a very simple solution. It was easy to use and easy to understand and it worked perfectly the first time. I had thousands of texts to transfer to email and it just took a few seconds. This for me is so worth the price I paid for it
Works like a charm Took ten seconds to email my  texts. Great program
Judi Best 5.00 ever spent.  Very easy to use.  With texting becoming so relevant in business it is sometimes necessary to save them.  Did different research and it all sounded so complicated but this is user friendly.  Highly recommend.
Perfect Tried several different apps, couldn't get any to work right. This one worked perfectly the first time. Exactly what I needed. Thanks
Just what I and many others need...a txt print app that sorts the output from oldest to newest. I emailed a question that answered win an hr. Don't expect that all the time but author answered. I don't want to ask the judge in my case to read back to front...it's annoying. This app fixes that.
Best way to save conversations I've used this app for years as a way of getting text conversations off my phone into a printable, readable format that can be included in court cases. It works.
The best 5 I ever spent Saved me in divorce court
It's great It does what it says it will do. It's easy once you get the hang of it. I wish I would have had it before I had a phone stolen.
Exactly what I needed Very helpful to me in court during a custody issue.
Sweet Helps with drama from my baby dads ex wife
I love this app. a few glitches here and there.
Email my text Worked like magic. Worth every penny.
Great application This works very well.  I'm very happy with the app.  I just wished they offered a iPhone version. As an attorney I have recommended this app to my clients and colleagues.
Fantastic Works just like it should. Simple and quick.
Slumlord is going down Exactly what I needed for the 35 pages of text correspondence with landlord for court.  I wish I had found this app a long time ago,  I was laboriously taking screenshots of every text,  emailing the picture to myself and printing,  needless to say I am thrilled.  Worth every single penny
Fantastic App Backed up all texts and MMS messages  Love it Due to my OCD i can't stand stuff constantly in my messages folder and now i wont have that stress Thank you so much x
Does what it says on the tin Exactly what I needed and simple to figure out
Very easy to use. Saved me in court
been using for years, actually. really helpful.
Saved my behind. Good app to have.
Easy to use app. I'm very pleased with price, the support I've gotten and the overall experience.
Excellent This app really works as described, and it's useful to share your sms with someone, also if you don't want to share showing other sms, it let you select by a filter from which sender and witch date and other senders messages will not be shared .
Excellent After spending hours in attempts to find a suitable solution, i found this app, and use it every day. No problems so far.
Awesome I was skeptical, but this is app was so worth it I had a thread containing 1500 text and it emailed all of them in one attachment. 
Absolutely Wonderful Tool This tool allows me to save message threads via email and declutter my text messages. They immortalize conversations and allow me to share with others whenever I want
