English learning and development App I liked it is as it is very good for learning English for continuous improvement of app. It is magical. It will be more perfect in future updates...Best wishes 
So if you want to do the following file or directory and I will be able to help. I am a very much and hope to see if you want to go.
Impossible Now I am possible..ha ha ha ..it will change my plan..I never seen before such application,  its a game with fun n learn..well done. My best wishes With U. Hope upgrade continue.
Nice app now I can improve my English better than before.... it's good app it's helping me too much so I m giving 5 star.good work keep it up
Knowledgeable This app is very useful accrording to me those whoever is week in  english they must download this app to help himself  herself in a better way and in a intresting way . This is an very useful app which is very easy to use ........
Perfect... Superb....Amazing...wonderful... Thanks Hello English Team
It's really awesome It's magical. Awesome. Superb. Stupendous. Marvellous. Great. Unique. Genuine.
Excellent app Yes excellent app but some spelling mistakes, remaining  all are awesome
Very useful. .. This app is very useful for people like me who interested in learning English. ....
Best app for learning English for beginners as well as proficients I came across this app via a newspaper  article. I download this app just like that but when I started using it, I found it not only as one of the best available apps on  but also the best ever app for learning English. Kudos to the developers of this app.
Continuous improvement App  Thanks for continuous improvement of app. It will be more stable, more perfect in future updates.. Best wishes
Undoubtedly brilliant app Indeed an interesting way to teach everyone who want to be an educated in English with a unique gaming style. Brilliant and hats off for the team who developed such a nice app... Learning by playing 
Nice english learning App I liked it as it is very good for learning english  with fun.
Best english learning app in the world Ye bhut achhi application he dosto mere ko bahut madad mil rhi he isse aap bhi download kre
Nice app I love this app because it is easy to understood and gave proper explaination about your errorr.
Very Helpful App better than all others This App is very helpful to improve our English very easily. That is user friendly App. We can improve our English with interesting Game. 
Good one for English learners It is good English app for English learners and it's user friendly and also it is fully free to learn.
Useful  Really useful ,awesome and knowledge based app             Loved it ii
Thank You Hello English ...  This App helps a lot, anyone can start learning. Excellent work Team Hello English.
It's amazing app Use it             
Must use it Now u can learn English anytime, anywhere in a very simple way. Gud luck guys
lovely app i use it everyday and best part is its free of cost i love this app special thanks to its maker sir u have did a great job keep on updating new features to it and make it more intresting
Superb Awsome app for learning english, and thanks for give us this nice and good app free
Loved it very helpful for English learning students. and interesting with mini games provided.I love this game so much
Superb, awesome and easy to learn with fun.
Easy way to learn English.. I am very impress by updated hello English app .its very useful app for those people who really want to learn English in a easy way .it can be a master key for your professional life .download it....
Nice app Nice app ,but the syllabus,sorry to say,seems too easy for me..so i would say that make it somewhat difficult so that i can select the level in a serieseasy,moderate or difficult.
Desireable It can be good and helpful for those who have zeal for learning English.very good apps.
Suraj Fantastic app for english learner's. I has been practicing on this app for six months and just loved it...Interface is easy to use, daily homework is a fantastic addon
It's just awesome.it gives simple and effective way to learn english.one of the best english app i had ever seen before
awesome after a such long period i got such app. if there would 1000000000 stars then i i would give this app
I want to give 10 stars but there is only 5 stars....this app helps you to improve your english..install it now guys
good lekin mai conversation game nahi khel paa raha hu.pata nahi kya prblm h.isliye uninstall karna padega
It is a very good app for English Lerner's, please keep it up to date sir. I thanks for hello English team.
Nice app This is best app for learners of english.....New update is cool then old.....overall NICE
