Amazing app I dont know how i lived before this app, its really amazing the voice soo clear the second he start to cry i hear him, i even hear him when he turn over, plus a video with night vision i can raise the light on to see him
Two devices Two phones cannot connect to baby station as parent station at the same time. Very bad..
Its perfect and practical.thank you Now i can see and hear Sophia every moment.the only problem is that i cannot escape of the noise when baby  camera is onoff or i exit the app...how can i fix ittried with media volume on both phones on mute,still the same.pls help
Brilliant Exactly what is needed, though a recording feature would have made it unbeatable
Best baby monitor going My whole family have this app. I don't use a monitor unless we are in a room on the opposite side of the housegarden or are entertaining where it can be a bit more difficult to hear my son. I love that even when my son stays with family, they can use this app. Well worth the money.
Great so far Needed something quick so I could still monitor my 6 month old I love it so far
Great
Awesome Obviously, need to pay a babysitter as well.
Perfect Just what I needed to keep an eye on my LO while she transitions to sleeping on her own. Easy to use n MUCH cheaper than an actual baby monitor.
Love it
Yeah buddy
Yes to All the apex mommas I did so much research and this is by far the most compatible to smart phone functioning device out there. It's the only one that allows you to pair an iOS and an Android. Either can paur as the parent station or the Baby station also both devices don't need to be on the same wireless router I can be out of the city as a state in still monitor whatever going around the device. And it's only 3.99 that's what's up it be better to have live video feed just saying
Great app This app is a great inexpensive monitor. For only dollars a device you get higher end quality and features. We had a few old phones laying around so we put this app on both our phones and both our old phones. Now we are never without a monitor.
WowWorks great
Baby Super thanks
Works great High five to the developers Works great. Just one question, can I have 3 devices connected Like one baby unit, and two parent units Can the two parent units tap into the baby unit at the same time
