Very good app but I lost my bluetooth adapter now I can't found reputable seller on ebay already order 4 but not lucky all them fake .. you guys have any links with reputable seller's in ebay any info will be appreciated
TORQUE Great AP  tool, I leave it running all the time when I drive Also used to help out others when CEL is on.
Support for Android Wear Edit once again, PLEASE make support Android Wear. Charge whatever you like  within reason                    Great app, using it for years with several different cars, phones and adapters. A little suggestion, make it work with android wear. That would be fantastic, i used it with sony smartwatch years ago it was superb, but i can just imagine how cool it would be to use it with a wearable.
Love this app.Just wish it had settings for Honda Civic Type r EP3.
Dope. Works great and stays updated. Developer actually replies to comments and helps users solve their issues. Bonus My friends think I'm a genius when I clear their codes for them with my phome. BUY THIS APP NOW.
UI could use some work but the app works flawlessly
works great with my powerstroke 6.0. love the features, options and customization, even the dash installation features are nice. I installed an old phone on my dash, ran a usb to it, and it stays there, all i do is swipe to unlock when i start the vehicle and my gauges appear.
Amazingly Just what I was looking for to work with my elm 327 mini. Very fast app and has tones of cool features. Many themes available too.
Ty , Great app.  2008 Ram hemi
Top job Works a treat and so easy to use
Great app I use it all the time
Excellent app Great GUI and utility.
Merge super I use this app for about 2years. it finds and delete the errors from a Hyundai on petrolLPG.  tested on VW Golf 5 and a Renault Clio. it works just superb
Hooray Crashing issue fixed
Really helpful
Works great.
Great
Awesome
Very useful Works great with 12 BT dongle purchased on ebay. Up and running in less than 5 minutes. Upgraded to pro for more features. Thanks, excellent software. Update  been using for over 3 years, very satisfied
No issues ever Ive got a 2005 F250 diesel and this app has worked flawlessly with the cheapest ELM Chinese crap I could find. I've used it on my GS4, GS5, Moto RAZR Maxx, dell streak 7 and my Galaxy Note 10.1.  It always connects and even reconnects when I forget to close it. I've also used it on my 2011 Grand Caravan, 1996 Bronco, and a friend's 2005 Camry.  For those of you who say it doesn't work, try asking for help instead of down rating the application.
Love this app awesome Every think you need if you a car guy . Work great  very useful for diagnostics  and on the track 
Saved time and money. Resets fault light.If on now MOT failure. The only thing that would really finish it off would be able to reset the service light readout. Top job keep up the good work.
1 small issue and 1 feature request. Id love a less clunky UI for managing and aligning gauges and my small issue is that torque doesnt poll my ecu for fuel remaining. I wish it would and that dist to empty would base off this and not the much less accurate profile setting. Thanks
Love it Never worked properly on my vx calais but works beautiful on Mt ml triton Awesome
Very Useful Tool My standard automotive testing tool. PERIOD.
Best app ever works really good love it keep up the good work and my vehicle has a mobd
Best on the market Does everything it says it does and well
Worth putchasing Every gearhead should have this app.
