Great little weight loss diary I noticed I was eating way too much fast food and I was slowly moving away from my healthy ways after discovering my highest weight I decided to go back to a healthier mean and after finding this app it's helped me to keep track of what I'm eating so far I've lost about 3 pounds in a few weeks knowing what you eat is very important and the key to losing weight so deathly install this app it helps me so much
Helped me lose 50 pounds This little app is amazing I log everything. It's accurate and has a large food  database and you can easily add your own food data. I bought the lifetime membership because I've been using this app for 4 years and lost 50 pounds Thank you NetDiary. You've created the perfect diet tracking app. And I've tried them all. Trust me. You're the best
Great app D I just started to use this app to pay more attention to what and how much I eat and drink a day 10 days ago and I've already lost 1 kilogram D Luckily I don't need to lose weight but I think this app could be effectively used by someone who really WANTS to LOSE WEIGHT SAFELY Good luck for everyone D
Nothing else works better I find that lodging my food let's me see just how in going and in on track to lose 10kg in 10 weeks which I've been trying to do unshakable for a long time . Love this app. I do wish there were a way to see your chart for longer than 30 days of history. If there is an option, it is really well hidden.
Great Weight Loss Assistance App It helps me keep track of what I eat the right way, It really helps with your goal weight are if you just want to eat healthy. It gives you motivation and pointers for weight loss success
Amazing I love, love, love this app. I lost 10 lbs in the first 30 days and rarely ever felt hungry. On the times that I felt hungry it was usually on a day when I skipped a meal, didn't drink 8 glasses of water or didn't eat enough bran.
Best Diet App EVER I've been obese forever.  I found this app and started tracking my calories thinking its just be another complicated app and an cal just get forgotten.  This app makes it easy because you can scan a barcode and most goods are there.  You can manage your water intake and it even gives you suggestions on how to do better.  All in all, I love it.  Thanks so much for the developers.  And I've lost 15 pounds using it
Handy app I love it. Simple to use and makes me want to do better than the day before. Love this app. Has helped me lose 20lbs just by keeping track. Isn't that awesome
A keeper I was watching my calories by calculating the food i choose per day before i downloaded this app. Things were going slow with the weight loss. Now i have freedom to choose what i eat and by entering the food and activities I do everyday, things are easier to track and weight continues to come down. THANK YOU
BEST CALORIE TRACKING APP The foods were mainly entered by mynetdiary staff, so the nutritional values tend to be accurate. Mynetdiary lets you enter foods using your choice of units. E.g., 1 medium carrot, 3.2 oz carrots, 92 grams carrots, or 1 cup chopped carrots. The algorithm for selecting foods is better than most when you enter apple, apples show up first instead of apple pie. I occasionally try other apps seeing if there are any better calorie tracking apps. None are close.
Its actually nice and easy to use. Just a bit sad because i just use the free version but it works nice. Two thumbs up for this app 
Best one yet Easy to use and has a lot of unique options just with the free app. Gives health tips every day to help with things besides just calories, like sat fats etc
Great app I love this app....easy to use, very reliable and is a excellent tool for weight loss or to maintain. I have paid for similar apps , this one works much better and is easy to use. This app has helped me lose weight and helps me make good food choices.
Better than the rest, easy to use I've tried a few other apps, but they were not as user friendly and easy to navigate. Since this app is you turnkey easy as turning a key, I log in more often and use it more. Easy to find foods and the scanner is awesome. Most important thing is I'm losing weight with the information I'm gaining from this app. I'm on free version, but thinking of up grade to yearly sub. Thanks
Convenientbut premium it's too expensive for no reason. Don't waste money on it. Just remember to keep track of cooking oils you are using, those calories add up fast.
Frequent user, works well. Intuitive to use. I use this most days. It remembers previous meals and has a huge food selection to choose from. I can track my workouts and see my progress.
Love love love First time I have lost weight in years. It let's you be completely aware of not only calories but nutrition. Changes the way I think about food.
Great App I can track everything on this app. I love that it breaks down how much protein, carbs, etc you're taking in.
Comprehensive and clear So easy to use and really good at enabling me to keep track of diet and exercise to help me meet my weight loss goals.
Great diet app Love this app. I first started using it to track my calories for weight loss and once I was to my goal weight I started using it to be sure my fatcarbprotein ratios were appropriate for the workouts I'm doing. Love that it gives calcium percentages as well. Easy to find any food and so easy to use.
I love this app. Simplifies food entry. Love the graphs. This is a powerful incredible app that runs without hangups on my Droid RAZR M. Gave up Noom for this one.
Very useful Great food recording, graphs, nutrition breakdown, etc. Thousands of foods in their database, which even works offline. The only minor issue is that some 'user supplied' good entries are incomplete just calories, but no information about fat, saturated fat, protein, sugar etc.
It works for me  I'm not generally a person to calorie count but while travelling its hard for me to gauge how much I'm actually eating with the food available to us. This app makes it easier for me to rein in my eating and ensure I'm not going to be rolling back home in a years time. It's easy and handy, I favour it over others I have tried.
This app is user friendly. No regrets I like this app a lot. No regrets Been using for 3 months now, daily. It reminds me when to log my meals and that was an important factor since it also remind me to eat. I really like the extra info, advice, and facts giving daily. This app is user friendly. Lost 12lbs using this app as a tool in my weight loss plan.
Best tracker I have ever used This is by far the best tracker I have ever used. Easy to use and easy to see what you are doing
Works for what I need.. I can track most food calories.  The serving portions seem off at times so I use weight of the food most of the time.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to freerange their diet.
Best app Best app for losing weight. Everything I eat is found in log. It calculates how much weight you will lose depending on your calorie and exercise daily. Love that u can eat 400 calories and it will still calculate how much weight to lose. Most apps make you eat 1000 calories before they calculate. I've been losing 3 pounds a week. Absolutely love it. It's the key to losing weight.
