Major help for someone with vision issues Thanks for making this app. It helps me out a lot to read small things.
Great zoom for the price I have yet to find a better micro.  Every feature is impressive. I don' know why it took me so long to get smart and pay the one time super low price for an app I  literally use everyday.  Thx Cozy.  You did well  The one thing to remember is the more balanced lighting you have the better quality the image,  especially on zoom Thx signed,  Happy hippie in az
Works for me This is so useful, especially now that I'm of that age when I need reading glasses for small print or in dark places. Now my phone has this app just a touch away whenever I need it.
Awesome program Works on my Galaxy S5 perfect Especially like being able to have the light always on, makes it so much better Didn't know my phone could zoom so well Thanks
Macro issue resolved I was nearly heart broken when I purchased my s5, and there was no Macro setting, still not quite up to a quality Macro lens and software, however, This app is AWESOME. .Itmakes those PITA jewelers loupes obsolete. .5 stars easy. I do recommend a small tripod for stability. Great job on this app.
I love it more and more first seen i asked myself what this will be good for... now, after testing and using it for a while I would ask how I could live without It often comes handy and works really well. It's worth buying
A REAL GEM OF AN APP takes macro photography to a new level and does so much more. Amazing
Well designed Easy to use. Lots of features. A great app
My most used app At least 15 times a day  I am always using it for something.  Not sure how I ever lived without it.         Thanks  
Really the best Just installed this wonderful app and am totally amazed by its capabilities. This is absolutely a must have app... worth every penny, and then some. I've tried several other similar apps and nothing else comes close. Thank you developers.
Loads of features Use it every day to magnify print, photograph fine detail for selling on Ebay jewellery and everything else.
Amazing capability of your phone are unlocked extremely well by this app If the phone is so capable it's a surprise that the phone maker chooses to not give access to the features except in a limited way via their stock or google cameras which don't come close to performing as well as this does.  Both the magnification and microscope features are easy to use, almost intuitive, and definitely smoke the competitors I've tried.
Incredibly useful I use it with false colours to inspect PCBs and read ICs markings without difficulties
Best I've found There's a little menu at topright that gives access to settings where u can set  after focus, freeze screen. Great for saving a difficult shot, just tap screen to focus, then after screen freezes u can move it, resize it, save it. Sweet I've gone ad free 1.19. s3 4.1
Handier than buttons on a shirt. I love it. Use it at least 10 times a day.
A must have app. I wish I could show how Great the pictures are in the reviews . To show my friends, I took a picture of the thickness of my fingernail, everyone was surprised when I told them it was from my phone, and I have tremors. I just have to brace the phone against something, but that is my problem, not Cozy's. It worked great on my g4  this phone HTC .
Exelent I download to try, phew minutes latter I bought the  or full version. Works good on my s4.
Very good Kudos     If u don't like this program... u need a phone with a better camera.
Handy app Way easier than hunting for a magnifying glass
Luv it I purchased the ad free.   Best App
Best app I have Because of the work I do this app is indispensable. I wish there was a forum to talk about possible changes for the future
Great So far it has been everything described, great for my work as document examiner gives great detail on handwriting.
Cozy Magnifier Love this app. I use it to look closely at my buds.
Best App I've ever downloaded SELLING COINS THIS IS THE BEST MAGNIFIER I'VE USED FOR PICTURES. THIS APP IS WORTH  HUNDREDS   Galaxy S6 Edge
Great This app magnifies. Very cool.
Awesome Worth my money This app is a big help in my work, scanning and looking at faded fastfood restaurant receipts. Keep the updates coming
Great Application So Very Helpful  So Many Uses
Versatile App Well designed and VERY useful
Sushil S4 Useful application. Worth buying. 
Very Simple. I Enjoy This App.
This is pretty amazing It's as good a magnifier as I've seen on a phone Magnifiermicroscopeawesome 
Love this app Gets better and better
