This is the best ever app created  This is the best app i totally fell in love with this i live space and i have a dream to join nasa when i will grow up my dream is to become an astronaut and yes i get all yhe information i desire from this app love you nasa
Nasa app Used to be interested in space flight but lost heart with the two shuttle disasters. This app is great and has lots of catching up for me to do. Well done nasa
Nasamazing I Love reading all about NASA, watching every photos, videos...very exciting, wonderful and anticipating.... Especially our planet Earth...and look forward to learn and to know more about other planets....all over on the galaxy...and so fort.... more power.....to all of you working and make it possible for us even if... not all i understand but it makes me very curious,  Thank you....GODSPEED
Awesome Informative, practical and without bs. Also, don't listen to the conspiracy theorists commenting here, they are either uneducated and brainwashed or mentally ill
UPDATE Images now load Great app support Now fixed 5 stars again Nothing boring or stagnant here New images, videos, news reports, mission updates, flyovers etc. are added on a daily basis, contrary to other review claims. Highly recommended...a priceless app...for free
Fantastic A truly unique and exciting app that provides wonderful and unique images from the galaxies and beyond. Thanks NASA for providing such a fantastic treat which will keep me entertained for hours on end. The information provided along with the superb images is a fantastic bonus.
Amazing app I to am joining nasa but not to go to space just to work mabey ill go to space mabey not but this app iz amazing so nuch nolage and great stuff in it thx nasa
Amazing I have science at my fingertips My 3 year old sister asks to look at pictures of Neptune and Jupiter and comets on my phone, I am very happy with this app. Its so user friendly she scrolls through the pictures and walks up to me at random to show me the pretty nebulas She knows they are made out of gas, she doesn't know what gas is. 
Hmmm...N.A.S.A. stands for... New Art of Secret Alchemy or New Alien Space Art  or  Nature And Science Art ... your choice p , in fact NASA knows it all but too shy to speaks the whole truth about what lies beneath and beyond. My first time to install this app,worth the risk to give it a shot.
Mountains of content, and oceans of information. This fantastic application  which looks great and is easy to use  has all the usual content one would expect... Photos, videos, tweets and news. But there's so much more too NASA TV which I didn't even know existed until I downloaded this application, mission information, updates and status, launch schedules and much, MUCH more... VERY highly recommended, to all space enthusiasts.
Awesome app regularly updated with loads of current and detailed information. Would be nice to have higher resolution images for use on high res displays.
Fantabulous I never thought as I was growing up that I would see the things I have seen thanks to NASA. Voyager leaving the solar system to make Star Trek come true and it will return as v  ger.  Pictures of the light from the 'Big Bang' and the beginning of time.
Thank u I love it I've always loved learning about space and when I grow up I'm gonna be an astronaut.
Out of this world This app will surely take you to New Horizons, I Kepler the app because SCIENCE
VERY VERY THANK YOU  Thank you for making this application it has a big help to me......I am a 3rd yr. High student and this has a very very big help to me thanks again....
I Love It This app brings me closer to the cosmos.. very informative .. Thank you NASA for bringing this wonderful app
Hats off... Best app I have ever used... For someone who wants to interact  with NASA without being its part...
Loved this app I am really interested in knowing about space station universe,space.Thanks to nasa for this app
Fun and Informative Needs a few tweaks but very usable.  Maybe Obama could learn a few things and get our manned launches going again, instead of hitchhiking with the Communists
From the day that I saw the moon landing NASA IS SOMETHING I ALWAYS DREAMED ABOUT,NOW it's at the tip of my fingers NICE THANK NASA LOT OF LOVE 
New phone better app. Ive always liked NASA this application is greet for someone fill like your part of something bigger thanks NASA
Simply fantastic For those interested in mankind space exploration this is amuse have app.
NASA Nice interface and organization of articles  photos. It works well with my Nexus tablet.
Nasa The GREATEST SCIENTISTS  IN THE WORLD  And. will ALLWAYS BE
