Amazing Best of all the English learning apps. It has a multitude of topics in daily conversations. Furthermore the audio really helps my listening skill
the best app I have ever seen
It so great app 
Excellent ....thanks
Excellent
Good Very useful to begining English learners so
It's awesome It's nice to see such apps exist...my mom is found of learning English....she is good at basics of English but couldn't have a fluent conversation...this app is interesting n turned out helpful as well.....thanks
Like it so much Its like bring your dictionary.. many sample that i need tonlearn about english. Its really helpfull. I am lucky found it
Awesome. I am an asian and this app has helped me a lot to improve my  daily english conversation. Thank you.
Nice It is a very good app .really i like it ....it was very helpful app  I  want to you download  this app and you Lorne  or  you are speaking  very   good English. ...ok ..
Nice app I need learn to much english. And this app verry help me.
Luther Villafane Wow It's very nice app's, co'z  easily able to help me learn to speak english and thanks to make this app's, better to do so.
Awesome This app was very useful for me. please add more conversation to improve skills.
It's very beautiful app. You'll speak english fluently, if you listen audio daily.
SHAMBHUBHAI H PATEL This is the best app English Learner special Gujarati PersonsstudentElderlyother. Through this app, no problems for abroad Gujarati Persons. Thanks.
Really it is a good app specially for those who try to improve or wanna learn English  
vivek kumar mishra This app is very useful for us for learning and speaking fluent English. so must download this app and improve your English magically.
Good luck I am Georgian and this app is very helpful for me  thanks...
it is just fantastic. it helps me out.i have tried so many apps but this is a best of them.its all in one.
Exellent. This is an exellent app for people who want to practice different topics of English conversation. I love it. Thank you
Super app Very nice. Useful app . It creates lot of confidence
I am a lover of English language that  is why I rated  a five  Star
Nice one. Very useful for me.  Thanks developers.
It s very good app for english begineers
Speak English Fluently Beautiful. Helpful
