Excellent resource A great, easy way to get access to a lot of different yoga routines. I love having such a huge selection of routines suited for different purposes. Having the flexibility makes it easy to keep going and find an interesting and appropriate program at any point. Great app
Very good I have been looking for an online yoga practice and so glad to finally found this one. I will stick to practice two mini sessions five times a week.
It's still the best I wish bg music still continues to play after a yoga session ends. But aside from that, best yoga app 
I have been doing yoga for few years and I consider that this app is great. Keep you on the routine good amazing programmes.
Really enjoyable I'm a beginner at yoga but so far this is by far my favorite yoga app I pay for it monthly
Daily Yoga  Yoga Fitness App cool i love it hahaha good work 3 3
Daily Yoga  Yoga Fitness App cool i love it hahaha good work
Awesome fitness app with Yoga positions and exercise to keep you ft a must have app for All
Awesome fitness app with Yoga positions and exercise to keep you ft a must have app for Al
So good I love this app Especially with the reminders it has, I'm such a dope when it comes to the small me time things n I always forget but because of the alarms on this app I never miss a routine  it's detailed and so soothing I love doing the morning routines they're so helpful Highly recommend for busy people, take some time for ur self with this app You won't regret it
yoga is a great app. I help to improve my health Thanks
Best Cool Addictive App , the Yoga fitness app to serve as your handy yoga trainer that you can flick through anytime and anywhere.
Super nice I enjoy yoga in the privacy of my home. This is a great app with tons of options to choose from based upon time and energy level.
This yoga app helped me to improve my flexebility, I can now do a chest stand
I try and use it every day Daily Yoga saved my back Before yoga I thought that I would have to rely on meds and use a cane occasionally after a work accident. Thanks to this app I have more flexibility and no pain. I even have stopped using orthotics in my shoes as my posture is better naturally Thank you.
Being using this yoga app i found it the best between the others on the market
This is a great app for beginners or more advanced.  Offers programs which help keep you on track.  The instructions are great helping to remind you of the correct body position.
Convenient, accessible, and easy to follow along and get it done wherever you are
Its so really Great one app to learn the Yoga for make a good health
This is very Awesome app and very Awesome work Love it..........
nice app interesting and useful like it
Very convenient. Just like having the Instructor
Its so really nice one app for learn the tips of Yoga.
I have used many apps but this app not just good its awesome one. Highly recommended.   Thanks to developer such a nice app.
A great way to get you started with yoga
I love this app. it helps me healthy
daily yoga,  yoga fitness app helped me with my flexibility sooo much I can do my splits now I did them daily for about 23 weeks and it worked soooo well
