I have used this app before I'm having a hard  time getting the movies download on to my IPAD   Any help or suggestions from any one but otherwiSe this app is great
Very Useful My only problem is having to do so much just to request for movie titles not in their database, tried emailing them a list and they told me to do a multiple step process to request for each title which is quite tedious and time consuming. I wish we could just email them titles not in their database. But overall still a great app.
Great for collectors Can't complain about this app....... a blockbuster. ....like the computer synchronization as well..
Best movie App period I love this app, makes organization easy,  no reason to ever get the same movie twice and easily tracks movies you loan out.
I love this app I would love it if you created an app like this for books.
Excellent app 1st class app, its got all you need to be up to date with what movies you have. Only one criticism, the list you can print out, does not have enough detail on it, would be nice to see where it is located on the printout rather than the country.
Loving this app because it's a lifesaver The ability to import from my portable hard drives is just what I needed. .now I would be all set if this company had the same type of app for my cd collection.
Great app. Once set up all you have to do is point n shoot to register a barcode and presto the movies added to your library. So easy simply great.
I love this app It keeps my movies in order
Excellent app,smooth and easy Does what it's supposed to do, update flawless. I wish every app was this functional and complete
I have a huge move collection over 1900  and this is a great app to have love it, it's so much help so I don't buy duplicates
My Movies app I love this app and can't say enough about its usefulness As a movie collector it will help stop buying duplicates and also helps keep track of who's movie is who's in a 4 person household.  Excellent app for the very nominal price
Cool Just wish that I could add a second profile to my account for my husband's movies.
Get job I love this app.. GREAT for our movie collections. . I wish someone would use the same concept for my book collection. Then I would be set Nice Job
Great App This App is brilliant for managing your movie collection and want list.  Being able to check out films to people when I lend them a film is a great touch as well.
The easiest Love it Scan a barcode and voila  Done so simple to use. Just what I was looking for
Great tool to keep track.
Awesome Great awesome app
