Excellent Bought the Pro version and it does what it's supposed to without fail However, Calls Blacklist Pro should able to block incoming messages without switching Messaging folder. It diverts these unwanted incoming messages to a Spam folder created automatically by this app. Nonetheless, i can easily block unwanted calls with ease and no fuss on Priority configuration in Lollipop Great work Love this app Hopefully you guys are able to fix the Spam feature..
Works Just upgraded to Pro version, because this app simply works as it should. I have never had an issue with it.
Great Does exactly what it's intended to do clean and simple interface. I simply love this app PRO version worth every penny.
Works Great This is a great no fuss call blocking app I just pick numbers from my call log and add them to blocked call list . Still shows who is calling even if it blocks the number . Nice app.
SPAM Calls Easy To Stop Love this app.  One by one I've added SPAM numbers to my blacklist and calls have all but stopped.  LG G4
Best app going It does exactly what it should do n I'm nt getting anymore unwanted calls n txts anymore
Awesome app. Stopped telemarketers cold. Works flawlessly on my htc one m8. It's perfect. Don't change anything
PATIENCE  SEMPER FI WE NEVER GIVE UP  APP THAT WILL KEEP UNWANTED CALLS FROM TROUBLING THIS MARINE'S LIFE. THANKS MR. LEE     SEMPER FI
Love it does exactly wot it's supposed to do
Sangat baik utk block Bisa block kontak da sms
I think...I kind a like it much.....hehehe.....
Great app, above the rest. The free version of this app ran great, so I purchased the pro version.   So far, it does what it advertised.
Works like a charm Use on an almost daily basis to block junk calls.
Aplication very good
Good program Love it
Good works
Update As of 10082015 working like described.        Nice.                           Was not working at all until this update. Will rate better if it continues to work. Emailed my problemtwice like requested and got no response.                              Very tech savvy.                  Verizon LGG3 5.0.1
Works Great Tried many and only this does the job to my satisfaction. But who cares what I think, right
Does what it says...and does it very well. I've had this app for almost 2 years and absolutely love it. Works like a charm. Best call blocking app on the market
Fantastic Upgraded to Pro Version and the app does exactly what it's suppose to do
