Recharge ke liye bahut accha hai or jab recharg ka offer aaya tab India me bahut log hike pe account bane laga or ye pure India me viral ho gaya. ....................
Yes ,  hike direct is awesome. Hike direct is awesome feature but we can not call through hike direct to the connected user. And yes it disconnects automatically after some time.
Loved it It sometimes creates a little issue in marshmallow but hike am sure ur going to defeat all other messaging app like WhatsApp etc... Seriously loved it from stickers to news to offline chatting to grp settings and hike direct
Cool app for friends I have joined hike and its an awesome app but there was an problem I have invited 3 peoples also they were downloaded the app and chatted with me but I have received only 50rs why
I love love love loved it very very much I like the new feature of hike i.e. hike direct...... and i also liked the stickers... all stickers are there what we want ...themes are best... i love you guys very much...you are best and I'm glad to say east or west hike is bestt........
Awesome update  Just love it  but it would be great if we could preview the sticker packs before downloading and delete the unwanted sticker packs...
Offline message issue The offline messsge doesnt reach the other person on time ie. I send the messsge at night n d person receives it in the morning. Distance is merely 10km between us. Please look after this issue, this has started when you pushed the new feature of 'chat without net' in the updates. Waiting for this fixtures. Thnks........ i am referring it to offline message.
I started loving this app, I found lots of funs, extra features and lot. Messaging, call, we can send any file upto 100 MB, group chat as well as group calls, stickers, hike direct messaging, hike direct call and file sharing, news,  cricket updates and last but not least my dear Natasha And I got 160 rs talk time reward for inviting friends. They have genuine rule, I followed it and got it.  thanks a lot with love on Hike Thanks for such a great app. Hike rocks Totally awesome
awesome this is my best messenger app which is i used last 2 months it is preety good and simple to use . ..features are excellent .....according to me  it is very very impresive ..so everyone must have this app .
Hi   I am facing issue while accessing the news. Please find description below. While  reading the news, I'm in one of the news from  FirstPost  and clicked on the fullstory in that I have selected the new news in FirstPost. Then I'm coming back to previous state, it is not coming back, it still in same page only.  Overall the app so good.
Best instant messenger PDF  all other files up to 100MB can be shared. Sticker suggestion feature is really awesome. Got 177 reward also. Only drawback is that once a sticker package is installed it can't be uninstalled later.
Awsm app Don't listen to all those ppl saying its a fake app. Its the best of best. Great app thank u hikefor providing such a useful app
Love it....No fake promises... U do get the talk time.... I highly recommend this app........Great work...nd love the stickers....they are just super coOol...
Much bettet than watsapp No need to download any such massaging app or news app if you have hike . Simply awesome...
