Good stuff, very happy with the app now the new update has solved the problems. Keep up the good work would recomend this resource to all 
The BEST I love this app  great information, nice interface.  I paid for all the updated stuff.  This is what a survival app should be.
A Hobo's friend. From 60 below in the Rockies to my brain is melting in Central America, I've been fortunate to experience those and more. This book is a must for new hobo's or for old ones like me. I had a copy in the military and it was destroyed in a explosion..no, I didn't set it. Now I have this...righteous. Get this book..learn...live
Best survival everything I have multiple copies of the book. The app is great you can browse specifics quickly and easily
Brill No nonsense guide to feild craft and survival in the wild. Bugs have been ironed out.
Well worth the money This app is super contains little stuff like a compass for your watch face and so on
Fixed results bug Awesome app, worth every penny
The old one was great then came the update. It was bad But they have FIXED IT.It is working great again well worth the money.But it updatated I have now walked away save your money and time
Update fixes compatibility. Great app
Great app Definitely worth every penny
Well done gents All good....
S.A.S. I've had the first book of his for years. He has just releast his new one recently. I'll get that one too. When I seen he had it here, I downloaded it.
Really great. Easy to use.  A must have, entertaining and useful app.
Sweet Now if I could only start my phone when the SHTF Ill know what to do....  Update  Oh crap I somehow managed to find a power source to get my phone on but the app has no data in it cause I never opened the app before the Internet exploded  I'm screwed.
Update fixes everything All my devices are now supported and app is up and running   I also see that there is a third edition of the SAS Survival book in the works, which I believe releases in December. When that book is released will we receive the updated content in this app as well
Fantastic App. A wealth of knowledge. A must for every family
Like it But keeps crashing when I try to search for something
