GREAT This app is great I understand it my  bro understands it my 8 year old sister understands its the best kid bible I've ever installed
A great way to teach your children to read and understand the importance of the word of GOD and what you can do to help them understand the importance of knowing what GOD can do for you and them.
I love it I love it. Great for me and my son. Nothing more fulfilling then learning and teaching my child about God's word. Amen Glory to The Living King Lord Jesus. Amen
AWESOME An incredibly amazing and fun way to teach children the word of God. It is interactive, accurate, colorful, creative, excellent Visuals are great.  It's FREE  WOW. The bEST bible app I've encountered
Don't download on kindle, just don't The only glitch I had was when Noah's putting in the animals, it shows completely white and whenever I try to get out of the words, it audomaicly goes back in. Now that I use a different divice, it doesn't do that anymore. Probably because now I use tablet Anyways love the app
Praise GOD A very detailed, understandable series of bible stories for children and adults comprehend. Wonderful App
Love, Love My grandkids love this Bible it's easy to understand for them especially my 3 year old
Love it So fun its the best for kids. its the best. YOU should get it
Wonderful, beautiful, and fun learning It is a fun way for kids to learn about the way of God, what is was like before Jesus Christ, and after Jesus Christ
Daughter loves this My daughter she is 2 loves this. Every night and now even during the day she wants bible story, bible story. Each night she also wants  see baby Jesus story. Fantastic app. Only wish other there were more stories gone through it twice now. Would love to see other children stories produced to this quality.
Ariana Ortiz I Love This game because you get to pick any one you want
Yaaaaaa I love that guy barney you should see his channel on youtube
Good Every parent should have their kids doing this everyday. The presence of God is needed in every home.
Its helps me IT helps me remember what god did for me and how i should obey god.
The holy bile and kids bile I think they are great now my kids can really understand what God is saying
This is the best christian kiddies app I as an adult also learns as i study with my 6 months old daughter.Awesome
Let my people go Pictures and voice were excellent
Great learning app for kids Easy, fun, kids love it
Its perfect for my little girl to learn about the bible
Enter a 9 year old opinion This app is really awesome and it really does teach you about the Bible and how it begins and ends. It also has cool little questions that you get to answer. Courtesy of my 9 year old daughter 
Beautiful Perfect for kids. Really well done app. Thank you
