Excellent purchase I've been using the full version of Sleep as Android for roughly six months now, and I couldn't be any happier. Emails to the Urbandroid Team are returned promptly, and with helpful information that is relevant to whatever inquiry you may have.
Very powerful app, and works well. I've used it for a long time and haven't had problems with major bugs or glitches so far.
Very useful despite some dubious scientific claims Even if the graphs and stats are in all likelihood not particularly valid for drawing many of the conclusions the app does, the smart wakeup feature which triggers the alarm in a period where you are displaying more signs of life works well. Setting up a QR code to ensure compliance in getting out of bed and downstairs is a fantastic feature, too.
Works great with Moto 36, wish it would turn off ambient mode. I love the way it tracks my sleep and snoring using my Moto.  I do have one request. It would be great if Sleep would turn off ambient mode on the Moto when it's started and restore the mode when tracking ends. Ambient mode works great during the day, but at night my battery will drain. When I turn it off the it uses less than half charge. For me this addition would complete the product. Thanks.
Always Improving Many thanks to the Urbandroid Team Been using this app for a long time and now it's has Philips Hue integrated Love it. What a great way for me to wake up It knows when the best time for me to wake is AND my lights gently come on to help me rise on up out of bed. Keep those updates coming
Great app Gives you a real insight on the quality of your sleep. The science behind it isn't 100 accurate, but that won't stop me using valuable data.
Smart app for smart phone I had to unlock this app after the first use because it is so good. The smart wake up is unbelievable I actually thought I woke up on my own. It will gently wake you up for 10 minutes before the alarm really starts. Love this
Updated my review I have had this app for 2 years now and only had to pay the one time upgrade cost. Anyone who puts a bad review just don't bother to learn how it works. I LOVE this app I didn't  realize I snored so bad. I wake with headaches everyday, now I know why. I started w the free version and loved it so much I upgraded for just a couple bucks Well worth it.
Really cutailed my snoring Make sure do not  disturb is not on. I thought the app malfunctioned. The snore interuption and alarm stoped sounding but came back when do not disturb was turned off. When it was off my snoring came back big time. My wife was very relieved to see it working again. App is much cheaper than the cost of a divorce.
Best alarm app I have 20 alarms  day. Yes, they are all necessary for me. memory loss This is the ONLY app that's been capable and reliable. I don't use the other functions, but I have toyed with them and found them reliable.    I did capture my husband snoring He insisted he didn't snore when I complained of him keeping me awake. He wasn't thrilled I recorded him, but it was worth it to prove him wrong
Super cool app It helps you to focus on good sleep habits and literally forces you to sleep A really practical and useful app. If you chronically find ways to be sleep deprived this app will get you back to sleeping like a baby.
The only alarm that gets me up in the morning After a while, I become accustomed to alarms and I sleep through them. Sleep As Android is the only alarm app that I haven't had to stray from. Worth every penny even as a standalone alarm thanks to all the settings. Very pleased.
