Love this app Helps me keep track of my daily exercise 
Really helps me keep track of how active I really am 
Love it Been a map my  since 2007 and have loved it ever since
Nice Only used it once so far but it worked out great.
Works great and easy. Integrates with Map My Ride sou you can keep track of bike rides too
Been using this app for years and it never disappoints
Works well with MyFitnessPal
Walk it It works great for my walk and letting me know my stats at 20 min intervals.
Really helpful I like exploring when I'm out walking. With this, it tracks my time, distance, syncs with my Fitbit, and allows me to wander without ever worrying about getting lost
Shows the facts Informative without formalities
No issues No problems
Definitely recommend it I like that it tells me my mile time while I'm running. I just wish it would track a 5k.
Fine app App has got even better since the last update that fixed some of the bugs. It's got me walking a little more at the weekends. My sister even set challenges with me on my walks per month but so far I have only been once near in being her. Customer service is also very good. As I used them when app was playing up.
Works really well for me. Accurately plots and calculates the lengthtimespeed of my walks. Way better than an alternative app I had tried before, am really pleased. Thanks
Works well on my Huawei Android Some other didn't work so I've almost list a hope but this app not only works well but also has so much more then others have to offer
So far so good Had problems on my Samsung in the early days.  Decided to try this again on my Sony.  Very pleased so far.   102615 update.  App has been working beautifully
Perfect Just perfect for all of my obscure woodland walks,  perfect tracking. 100 works for me. Using Samsung s3 mini.
Love it I've been using this app for almost a year. When I lost my phone and had to reinstall it I was worried  that it might be different. But it is exactly the same and I still love it. I think I'm going to upgrade to pro just to see what additional features are offered.
Great app I love how it challenges me and helps me keep up with my speed and time intervals
Super Easy Great app that's really easy to use. Syncs quickly with My Fitness Pal but a little slow about 35 min delay on the sync with Fitbit. I have no complaints.
Good app. I have no major problems with this app. I wish there was a way to create a route in advanced instead of only being able to review a route after you've walked it. Also, I have a problem where some workouts are double posted to the myfitnesspal app.
Back for more I used to use this app everyday before I got my Fitbit. It broke the other day, so I'm back to using this awesome app
