Jane Fonda Workouts Jus got laid off,  kiddies in school, house clean, wifey at work, now i finally got time to burn off some this fat from careless eatting...the thing i love about this is that you can bump your playlist all at the same time.
Short but effective I thought what will happen in just 7 min. But the series of workouts they have taken is amazing. And u feel that u have done something. Really like workout calendar and notifications .
Best thing EVER People used to make fun of me for being fat,but not anymore This is really a great app
I love it, im lazy asf and th work out are good for me just getting into exercise. And th snooze is a great reminder esp when my son wont allow me to do it when I want too
Annoying like a fox... You drove me nuts with reminders till I gave in and did the exercises. Then I realized how out if shape I was after trying it and now I can really see using this every day. You may have just added years to my life so a big thank you to your team.
Hysterical with three kids Quick, quick, quick, and I feel like I've done right by my body after. I have three kids 5, almost 3, and 10 months running around while I do this. Needless to say, it's a gigglefest plus there's added resistance from a little guy who needs to be part of the action
Notsodaunting Exercise I really do like this app. Since it is only 7 mins, it isn't daunting. Being a Mom i don't get a lot of time to myself, so this makes exercise doable for me and my kids like to join along since it is short, they don't lose interest partway through.  It is a good amount of workout packed in a short amount of time.. it is good for the average person who just needs to keep energized and strengthened but isn't looking to intensely body build.
simple and very effective Exercises that are very effective and does not take much of your time. The best thing about this workout it can be done anywhere in the house and at anytime
Perfect I love this app. Between a full time job part time and a toddler I love having an app to help with a quick work out. When I was consistent with it before I started to see results. It got easier so I started more reps. Definitely will recommend it
Pretty cool 7 mins outta my day but worth it. It works out all parts
Good app for being fit Quick way for exercise....timer will make u fast n quick....nice app...
Great Great Great Update Still keeping me strong   Motivating and easy to follow. Definitely sweating by end of it. I try for twice a day but even when I can only get it done once, I feel productive
Day 1 I've just started this workout and I really feel it   I'll be better prepared tomorrow  you can do jumping jacks without a bra
Love this app This app is great. It's help me to find specific way how to make body control with nice system. Will recommended this to other use it.
Amazing It's difficult to start with when you're unfit but then each time you use the app it gets easier and soon you will have your goal body
A must have Very effective if you're low on time or just starting to get into physical health. It's a reminder its only small portion of your day and that its worth it in the long run c
Convenient Makes getting in some daily exercise convenient.  No excuses not to workout, even though I make excuses all the time. Great app
Gets you to work out Any app that makes you move a little and do something is worthwhile in my eyes.
I LOVE it I love it and not onley because I love exercising it is fun and gives you a break every 30 secafter every excersiseIt also has a calender where you could time yourself
Great So many good things to say so I'll let you download it and find out for yourself how good it is.
7 minutes workout Helps me regain my fitness back. I love the help it gives me and the workout it provides me....
Creates a habit that sticks  If you are just starting to build your exercise routine, this app will help you a long way to commit to exercising, even if it is just 7min a day. After only about 2 weeks I could already see results
Cool Now I have a routine to follow daily. Thanks a lot. Well, its better without annoying ads, but guess its normal for free apps like this, good job by the way.
Great workout assistant Really keeps you on pace with this HIIT workout by counting time and indicating next exercise.
Home Workout It's a great alternative to the gym, especially if you do 34 rounds.
Perfect for anyone Great if your short on time or not. Excersies work all parts of the body and you can start slow and work up to more reps. Really like this app
Awesome Classic work out is great for beginners. Allows me to work out on my own and go at my own pace. Short enough to keep me doing it almost every day.
Make me Burn Wow this app help me feel burn  only 7 minutes but could make ur body really workout.. Try it
Effective and convenient I love it because it does not require a lot of equipments to start with. Doing this twice a day, the faster you'll see improvement
