The best I just it to sleep in rooms that are a little too silent. Just switched from the iPhone version and glad to know that the experience and quality is the same. No interruptions in the noise. Allows me to fall asleep quickly.
Great for the baby I love this app, and the brown noise is the only thing my baby will sleep peacefully with. Only problem is that it often just turns off after a couple of hours, and there's no settings to keep it from doing that.
Does what it says Generates noise to filter out the world. I downloaded it for the gym to filter the crap music they insist on playing and just zone out while I lift. It even filters out the wannabes who grunt and drop their weights.
Simply no way now to turn app off. I now have this app running on a Samsung G386T1 running 4.4.2. I previously was able to turn the app off completely with a button at the bottom of the screen. Now, I am unable to do that. My security app reports it as an error. What can I do   Otherwise, I am quite pleased with the app.   Zen Bonobo
Best noise generator I've used... Basically ever.   I have tinnitus constant ringing in the ears and the only thing I've found to help is brown noise. Most of the noise generators on the market focus on white noise which aggravates the ringing.   Unfortunately, I don't use the app often since the only way I can get rid of the ringing fully is to blast it too loudly for a long term solution. Still a great app and by far worth the money.
Great drowning out noise Annoying mofos talking loudly on the phone, babies crying on airplanes, etc. You're no match for my new universal OFF button  the SimplyNoise app 
You CAN turn vibrate off Excellent app  used it to calm both my newborn babies at night and get them to sleep.   Took me a minute to work it out but you can turn vibrate off by going to settings then auto haptic and deselecting the app.
Best app for studying I would have been lost without this app and their website. It has helped me through many tough nights of struggling, when I needed to tune out the kids, TV, pets, etc. Love it
Love it, but... Nexus 6 Used this app for years, when it's too quiet, and to help me fall asleep, usually on Brown Noise... However  oscillating could do with bring smoother it's a bit jumpy, it could also do with being a shorter oscillation, or an option for span... It goes far too quiet or far too loud, no happy medium... Finally, if the countdown has been used, you can't exit the app without activating the noise again...  But I love it and would hate to be without it...
Love this I found this on the web a while ago and l loved it.. so I was excited when I saw the app. Probably one of the simplest, easiest to use yet useful apps and a nice, clean simple layout. Maybe they could add blue  violet noises Seems to cut off after about 20 minutes or so, pause for several seconds, then start again.
